will do wonderfully well , ” said athos . asking you why you altered your costume . citizens and common people , some playing , some drinking , some talking . know who they are ? ’ the way back myself , ” said the captain ; “ that is the least honor that i can render to your excellency . ” the way of it , ” said the minister , with the <unk> air in the world : “ napoleon lately had a review , and as two or three of his old <unk> expressed a desire to return to france , he gave them their dismissal , and <unk> them to ‘ serve the good <unk> ’ these were his own words , of that	107.77190399169922
i am certain . ” . at the door . loyal , ” he said , “ you are brave , faithful and loyal . been said that i had had him condemned for the sake of justice and had let him escape out of pity . ” she arose and welcomed him with a smile peculiar to herself , expressive at once of the most implicit obedience and also of the deepest love . the shore by a chain fixed to a stake . you swore , eugénie . ” do me the kindness to give him my regards and tell him that i am his neighbor . million , ” said caderousse ; “ you can never have so much as i wish you . ”	75.22579193115234
entered into the <unk> , became president on the place of his uncle , embraced the cardinal ’ s party , which did not prove want of sagacity , became chancellor , served his eminence with zeal in his hatred against the queen-mother and his vengeance against anne of austria , <unk> the judges in the affair of calais , encouraged the attempts of m. de <unk> , chief <unk> of france ; then , at length , invested with the entire confidence of the <unk> confidence which he had so well <unk> received the singular commission for the execution of which he presented himself in the queen ’ s apartments . you this password , ” said she , “ would you forget it as soon as	101.27144622802734
you used it ? ” , but it was only to place himself in a situation where he could watch every movement of morrel , who at length arose , brushed the dust from his knees , and turned towards paris , without once looking back . of that ! , ” said his host ; “ it shows you have a <unk> for an oriental life . s quite another sort of <unk> formidable gentleman , indeed . the originator of the project gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone . dear friend ; i state only what we all know . . ” him , <unk> not even tempt him . ” , make yourself easy , ”	85.07566833496094
said d ’ artagnan ; “ people of all conditions gain the kingdom of heaven . ” shipowner . ” , ” said athos , drawing his sword in its turn , “ and yet i can not take off my doublet ; for i just now felt my wound begin to bleed again , and i should not like to annoy monsieur with the sight of blood which he has not drawn from me himself . ” came in his turn <unk> , captain of the guards , bringing with him fifty archers , who were distributed immediately through the hôtel de ville , at the doors assigned them . . permission , instead of reading the letters , took the knife which the dying buckingham had	100.09709167480469
snatched out of the wound and sent by laporte to the queen . adieu to guitant in the court of the palais royal , mazarin approached an officer who was walking up and down within that inclosure . that the horses might be counted by the rattle of their hoofs . very <unk> man , he insists that nobody shall know he has received this wound except the duchess , whom he endeavored to interest by an account of his adventure . ” travelling , and , being rich , possesses a vessel of his own . she , “ maximilian , my friend , my brother on earth , my true husband in heaven , i entreat you , do as i do , live in suffering	98.4615249633789
; perhaps we may one day be united . ” is it ? ” with the greatest simplicity : “ i came to paris with exactly such intentions . mighty <unk> of <unk> watchword with which they assassinated , hanged , and made away with concini ; and if i gave them their way they would assassinate , hang , and make away with me in the same manner , although they have nothing to complain of except a tax or two now and then . . young man had turned around ; indeed , morrel saw with surprise that the men who had brought him had left without being paid , or uttering a word . act he therefore went to the baroness . death . ”	124.65567016601562
have died of hunger . ” monte cristo had made a lively impression on the minds of all the party assembled at the breakfast given by albert de morcerf ; and although debray was not in the habit of yielding to such feelings , he had never been able to shake off the powerful influence excited in his mind by the <unk> look and manner of the count , consequently the description given by lucien to the baroness bore the <unk> <unk> of his own heated imagination . see well . ” of surprise and entered the carriage , and the king and monsieur took their places at her side . assure you , will be tried on his arrival in london ; i have heard enough from	85.03831481933594
the lips of oliver cromwell to know what to expect . ” alighted at the door of an <unk> , recommended by a sign representing st. martin giving half his cloak to a poor man . from him instantly four thousand piastres , and give them to the bearer . to the door were compelled to turn , to avoid a fountain that played in a basin of <unk> , —an ornament that had excited the jealousy of the whole quarter , and had gained for the place the appellation of _the little <unk> . her . of seeing me soon return . ” . ” without having any other influence on me than to strengthen the resolution i had formed ; only i took care that my	151.97195434570312
face should not betray the thoughts of my heart , for i had no doubt i was watched . ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ your leader is dead ; you have no longer any business here . ” they did . room . . ” about to say , ” cried danglars . ” replied the latter , “ three musketeers and a guardsman laid a wager with monsieur de busigny that they would go and breakfast in the bastion st. gervais ; and while breakfasting they held it for two hours against the enemy , and have killed i don ’ t know how many rochellais . ” name ! ” caderousse ; “ i require a surgeon , not a priest ; perhaps i	62.645790100097656
am not mortally <unk> may not die ; perhaps they can yet save my life . ” behind them . ” replied the youth , with deep respect , “ and i have performed the commission that you gave me . ” way of boulogne to clear the way ; athos will set out two hours after , by that of amiens ; aramis will follow us by that of noyon ; as to d ’ artagnan , he will go by what route he thinks is best , in planchet ’ s clothes , while planchet will follow us like d ’ artagnan , in the uniform of the guards . ” ’ artagnan appeared at the same time majestic and grieved . his little hand and	75.40309143066406
held it out to the musketeer ; the latter bent on his knee and kissed it . thick clump of <unk> , which were nearly <unk> of foliage , madame de villefort sitting with a book in her hand , the perusal of which she frequently interrupted to smile upon her son , or to throw back his <unk> ball , which he obstinately threw from the drawing-room into the garden . and have i not been richly paid for that obedience ? but philosophy at half-past ten at night is somewhat late ; yet i have no other observation to make , for what you say is correct , which is more than can be said for all philosophy . ” go ? ” asked porthos .	121.48436737060547
, and which he ? . ; with a terrible bound he sprang to the side of cahusac , crying , “ to me , monsieur guardsman ; i will <unk> you ! ” day would be in my eyes now to commit a fresh offense . well acquainted with the business of the house , not to feel that a great catastrophe hung over the morrel family . tidings with outward calmness ; but , leaping lightly ashore , he signified his desire to be quite alone . . fine eye was <unk> by a tear . that month our four companions had landed at boulogne , and , in two parties , had set out for paris . had a disorder of the skin , and	107.42266082763672
asked for a little <unk> , which was readily supplied . ” at your journey ’ s end . ” been an ancestor of your eminence . ” athos , “ here it is , as clear as day ; pursued as he was , d ’ artagnan would not have <unk> here five minutes had he been pressed very closely , which gives us hopes that he may have succeeded in escaping . ” his friend with a slow and solemn step , embraced him tenderly , and as he burst into violent sobs , he said to him with his noble and persuasive voice , “ friend , be a man ! to the _concierge_ , from whose vigilance and <unk> it was free , and	73.57066345214844
, like that famous <unk> in the _arabian nights_ , opening at the “ <unk> ” of ali <unk> , it was wont to <unk> backward at a <unk> word or a concerted tap from without from the sweetest voices or <unk> fingers in the world . of your friends you would hesitate , then ? ” cried milady ; and a threatening glance darted from her eyes . excellency is satisfied , it is all that i could wish . for a receipt ? ” said the major , at the same time slipping the money into the inner pocket of his coat . athos , “ have you not heard what d ’ artagnan said ? ” of his court in his own vast <unk> ;	94.73161315917969
but his father , a sun <unk> <unk> , left his personal splendor to each of his favorites , his individual value to each of his courtiers . hope of peeping with madame coquenard into her husband ’ s chest ! ” that ? ” sorry to tell your majesty a cruel fact ; but the feeling in <unk> is quite the reverse of that in provence or languedoc . still you are an accomplice of that child of <unk> who is called lord de winter ! we have said , <unk> years of age , and his fourteen years ’ imprisonment had produced a great transformation in his appearance . , then ? ” said he . my sorrow but he ? house , do you say	104.65069580078125
, edmond ! , nor good stomachs their appetites . she is a queen , or at least a princess . danglars , “ did you see him ? ” d ’ artagnan ; “ but i come to offer you a dress which will become you still better . ” hope of flight was gone . smile . angle of the street , he turned . and i hail it joyfully ! ” and get me some syrup of violets . ” ” cried the stupefied musketeer . exclaimed , running furiously and tearing his <unk> “ oh , who will deliver me from this man ? singing masses has spoiled your voice . ” pointed to a window , through the shutters of which a faint	89.39876556396484
light streamed . remarkable beauty of the young woman , m. lucien ? ” inquired eugénie . i shall not have time today . ” is dying , and he wants to confess to the coadjutor , who , they say , has power to remit great sins . ” straw than <unk> up a thousand a year by being governor of the bastile . ” i had better remain where i was seated . have been five years in the bastile and that no medium of viewing things is so <unk> as the grating of a prison . ” a situation to overlook ceremony . ” more . found , ” replied tréville , “ ready to answer , when it shall please the gownsmen to interrogate	115.6963882446289
him . and stationed them myself at the most desirable posts , that is , in <unk> , where no one generally stops . ” difficulty in moving that <unk> , but by some mechanical <unk> it had turned with the <unk> on which it rested . dear boy , ” continued noirtier , “ i rely on your prudence to remove all the things which i leave in your care . ” strength will be utterly exhausted ; besides , perhaps i have not been missed at the fortress . monseigneur . ” . were ready . would become of me ? ” love , reflect a little upon what you require of me . monsieur de la trémouille , from the duke himself . milady .	71.58943176269531
he , “ you will be avenged , or i shall be dead . ” arabic to ali , who made a sign of obedience and withdrew , but not to any distance . , you don ’ t believe what i have told you ; is it not so ? ” revealed itself . day , and for a month he returned to his lodgings gay as a <unk> , and affable toward his master . ” repeated the young man , accompanying his words with a bow . freely than he had done for some time . officer ! ” were heard above all the noise , deafening as it was . the <unk> of this <unk> , and their lugubrious looks settled down into resigned	70.85431671142578
countenances . end of his pickaxe , which entered <unk> between the interstices . profound silence , and laid rita at the captain ’ s feet . have done ? ” the unfortunate victims lay . his genealogical investigations any further ; but withdrawing his anxious look from the chest and fixing it upon porthos , he contented himself with saying , “ monsieur our cousin will do us the favor of dining with us once before his departure for the campaign , will he not , madame coquenard ? ” ” said monte cristo smiling ; “ it is all a matter of imagination . same thing , ” said morrel , with a smile . it , ” replied lord wilmore ; “ i understand it	85.17381286621094
. ” love ; you told me so just now . ” sir , ” rejoined madame de villefort , “ i will leave you overwhelmed with gratitude and happiness at your prompt <unk> to my <unk> ” she then bowed to m. noirtier and retired . up in you i am sure . have happened ? ” he exclaimed , “ what has thus disturbed you ? you wish to ask advice of me ? ” do with this same letter while returning from porto-ferrajo to the vessel ? ” you understand , beauchamp , that we begin our search immediately . service , my lord . ” edward a great change had taken place in monte cristo . oath that i will not . ” arrived	58.141632080078125
at the place , where the guards joined him , coming up one by one . made a <unk> , and touched his adversary on the shoulder . ” of course not . ” answered d ’ artagnan . athos , “ good ! ; but if i can serve you in any way i shall be delighted . ” , but phantoms . , ” replied the youth , smiling , “ that there ’ s no idea of a marriage for me ; you know of my engagement to louise ? ” robe as quickly as he could , mistaking one sleeve for the other , so greatly was he still agitated . by accident , and , although barrois is dead , it was noirtier	61.94426345825195
whose death was wished for . ” remained fixed , by which expression he intended to intimate that his resolution was unalterable . ” cried barrois , who felt another fit coming . he heard a sob . , ” cried danglars , endeavoring to parry the blow . , with tears in his eyes and heart . were informed beforehand . ” took to his heels and ran toward the camp , with the <unk> of the young men of his country , so renowned for their agility ; but whatever might be his speed , the first who fired , having had time to reload , fired a second shot , and this time so well aimed that it struck his hat , and carried it	110.30644226074219
ten paces from him . ” this , in heaven ’ s name ! ” he said , “ or i shall leave my carcass here and those of all my men . ” one a minute longer than you please , ” said dantès , who had followed the working of his thoughts as accurately as though his brain were enclosed in crystal so clear as to display its <unk> operations . two lovers were calmer , milady , who had not the same motives for forgetfulness that d ’ artagnan had , was the first to return to reality , and asked the young man if the means which were on the morrow to bring on the encounter between him and de wardes were already arranged	97.06022644042969
in his mind . respective characters . ” him . are very <unk> . ” drawn upon himself two good duels with two men , each capable of killing three d ’ <unk> two musketeers , in short , with two of those beings whom he esteemed so greatly that he placed them in his mind and heart above all other men . were already deposited there , and now , after ten years of separation , her father and mother were to be reunited with her . tonight ? ” ? , d ’ artagnan . ” easy on that head , ” replied aramis . allowed it to become quite dark . the other side ! but in that unfortunate affair at <unk> ” her <unk>	77.65458679199219
more and more . . ” him and looked over his shoulder to see what sort of a book it was that had so singular an influence over the prisoner as to make him put off taking his dinner . ’ ” that the young man did not say “ my father . ” replied athos . said albert , drawing near , and without apparently noticing cavalcanti , who stood with his back towards the <unk> “ i mean to propose a meeting in some retired corner where no one will interrupt us for ten minutes ; that will be <unk> two men having met , one of them will remain on the ground . ” him only yesterday , ‘ you are imprudent , monsieur count	103.85372924804688
; for when you go to auteuil and take your servants the house is left <unk> ’ ‘ well , ’ said he , ‘ what next ? ’ ‘ well , next , some day you will be robbed . ’ ” man is very learned , he discovered , in the neighborhood of rome , a kind of <unk> with a vertebra more than <unk> usually have , and he immediately laid his discovery before the <unk> . better . ” look at m. de villefort , and then ask me for proofs . ” the principle on which i wish to act . ” ! ” quite wrong , my dear de winter , ” said buckingham , holding out his hand to him .	62.770389556884766
, don ’ t remind me of it ; ’ tis that which has made me so cross since yesterday . , as if plunged in reflections entirely personal . chevalier d ’ <unk> his fifty horsemen , less two , missing at roll call . england ? ” that scrap of paper so that i may justify , by a pretext at least , my abandoning my countrymen . the seminary from nine years old ; in three days i should have been twenty . deep dishes which were covered and placed on a stove , and from a copper pan placed in an old iron <unk> . be a cardinalist ; she must know nothing of the matter . ” what you were about to say	153.4893035888672
. ” ; he is traveling on business and will return ere long . same time , escaped by shedding his skin like a snake ; but the new skin was <unk> by the poison till it looked like a tiger ’ s . death he was in some manner prepared ; but he knew not how to account for the mysterious disappearance of mercédès . was in paris only for a month , inhabited a small <unk> house behind <unk> ; there were two rooms on each floor and he was the only tenant . so . , i am very miserable , and if you love me it must be out of pity . ” of these signals ? ” religious <unk> which had so strongly	118.21897888183594
excited felton the evening before . me , if the child be not dead , ” said porthos . d ’ artagnan , “ when our embassy is <unk> ” the president , ‘ may reference be made to the count of monte cristo , who is now , i believe , in paris ? ’ the queen has not <unk> assent to the treaty . ” station three gentlemen whose passports are under examination , who are on their way to her majesty . not mean her fortune only ; but tell me—— ” fit of laughter . before us , it is perhaps less serious than we at first thought . like . ” that of porthos fastened to the <unk> , but to an empty	83.7500228881836
<unk> . . ” ! ” cried morcerf , “ it is your fault . ” the door , and albert was alighting , a man approached and gave him a letter . in the morning the straw was worth eighty francs a truss and there was no more to be had . franz , “ the hero of this history is only two-and-twenty ? ” ” ! ” he said , “ what is the matter ? one of those <unk> men who seek a ridiculous death in order that it may be said of them that they did not retreat a single step . looked at her in his turn , and appeared surprised to see that face , just before so beautiful , distorted with	47.64973449707031
passion and almost hideous . the queen . grating of the hinges of the opening gates ; the noise of boots and spurs resounded on the stairs . his profession must have made him renounce any great undertakings . ” it ? ” renée ’ s favor easily by obeying the first command she ever imposed on me . he threw himself as sole support , seemed to him now not much to be relied upon . no longer here ; he appears to have fled by the window . moment has come for me to re-enter the bosom of the church . ” vases , and sold them ; but as they were preparing to escape together , they were both arrested . he cried ; “	101.26300048828125
the _pharaon_ ! ” ” asked the bandit . the effect which might naturally be expected on mercédès ; she pressed her son ’ s hand and <unk> aloud , but her tears relieved her . _soubrette_ with his eyes , and saw her go toward the terrace ; but it happened that someone in the house called lubin , so that planchet remained alone , looking in all directions for the road where d ’ artagnan had disappeared . opinion that i asked , ” said the queen , sharply , without even turning around . the indifference of a man accustomed to spend half his time amongst the dead ; he then lifted the sheet which was placed over the face , and just <unk> the	97.35182189941406
lips . ” rejoined caderousse quickly ; “ no more do i , and that was what i was observing to this gentleman just now . its <unk> hands showed that it had perished from suffocation , but as it was not yet cold , i hesitated to throw it into the water that ran at my feet . ” cried franz . ! a wish to go and pass a day at blois . all taken prisoners , except aramis , and that our chances of getting out are lessened since one more of us is caught in mazarin ’ s mousetrap . ” placed in ambuscade in the first room . all the speed they could to evade the enemy , when they could but <unk>	119.13936614990234
the absence of dantès , whose superior skill in the management of a vessel would have availed them so <unk> . represent ? ” closed , was standing grasping the <unk> . him time to draw it . before eleven o ’ clock your father has not found someone who will come to his aid , he will be compelled at twelve o ’ clock to declare himself a bankrupt . ” from her bosom . on very regularly , and we make out our bills every week , at the end of eight days we presented our account ; but it appeared we had chosen an unlucky moment , for at the first word on the subject , he sent us to all the devils . ”	101.68657684326172
he said . advantage , —that of leaving franz at full liberty to indulge his deep reverie upon the subject of signor pastrini ’ s story , in which his mysterious host of monte cristo was so strangely mixed up . indicated and perceived a beggar seated in a chair and leaning against one of the moldings ; a little basin was near him and he held a holy water brush in his hand . the king , be his friends , <unk> , march to battle at his side , and be near him in his house , where <unk> , more dangerous than the perils of war , are <unk> every day . madame danglars , “ it was enough to drive you mad ! ”	134.99583435058594
, for all loved edmond in spite of his superiority ; yet jacopo reached him first . house standing alone , between a courtyard and a garden , —you must know it . ” quarter of an hour everyone had assembled in the chamber of the paralytic ; the second notary had also arrived . you , edmond , besides pray and weep ? or the duchess de longueville ? ” friend , ” said faria , “ i may now avow to you , since i have the proof of your <unk> paper is my treasure , of which , from this day forth , one-half belongs to you . ” . me , i prefer <unk> . ” that the french <unk> d ’ <unk> was	92.61988830566406
robbed six months ago within five hundred paces of <unk> ? ” ” answered m. morrel ; “ but still he is <unk> ” this corner of france and return to the cardinal it would take her at least three days . she . ? ” singing of the angel who consoled the three <unk> in the <unk> . business is concluded , i will have a pair of my own horses harnessed to convey it direct to madame danglars . ” of a man familiar with the house , entered first into the court , threw his bridle into the hands of a footman , and returned to the door to receive madame danglars , to whom he offered his arm , to conduct her to her	62.69988250732422
apartments . he had found porthos in bed with a strained knee , and aramis at a table between two <unk> . the young man , who <unk> without weeping , tears glistened in the eyes of noirtier . i understand , ” said danglars , and then in a low tone , he added , “ to paris , no doubt to deliver the letter which the grand marshal gave him . without drum or trumpet . ‘ unlucky at play , lucky in <unk> ’ you are too fortunate in your love for play not to take its revenge . . ” ? ” count benedetto . miraculous <unk> did not utter a single cry , but fell lifeless into my arms ; nor did a	125.75112915039062
tear fall from his eyes after it was over . sir ? ” of the spectators of their wish to be allowed to hear the music , produced not the slightest effect on the two young men , who continued their conversation . the rue de vaugirard , no . door of edward ’ s room opened , and a head we have before noticed appeared in the glass opposite ; it was madame de villefort , who came to witness the effects of the drink she had prepared . swear upon your honor and i upon my word , and then it will be pretty evident that one of us will have lied . , family affair . <unk> on your account , and delight with that	79.45252990722656
noble girl , thus pursuing paternal vengeance . wife . a glance from the corner of his eye . lord , it will be your best plan . ” his stool , starting at the least noise ; and when the first rays of the sun penetrated into his chamber , the dawn itself appeared to him to have taken <unk> <unk> . ” cried the youth ; “ oh ! story . ” ” replied the young man , “ inasmuch as , instead of shedding tears as at the fictitious tale of woe produced at a theatre , you behold in a <unk> a case of real and genuine <unk> drama of life . exclaimed , “ what do i see below there ? ” were	105.24124145507812
looking the other way . ” me . ” replied d ’ artagnan , pulling out his treasure from his pocket , and placing it on the table . crimes of which you are accused ? ’ the count looked around him with an expression which might have softened <unk> , but which could not <unk> his judges . tell you , my lord , that the minister knew for a fact that these ornaments had sailed away with the ambassador , who was far away , beyond <unk> . course , still escorted by the little cutter , which sailed side by side with it , menacing it with the mouths of its six cannon . about two hundred steps d ’ artagnan stopped short , alighted	89.9861068725586
, threw the bridle of his horse over the arm of planchet and took the pistols from his <unk> to fasten them to his girdle . boudoir , circular , and lighted only from the roof , which consisted of rose-colored glass . book was brought to her by the prince de marsillac . it is finished , my beloved child , ” said monte cristo , taking the young girl ’ s hands ; “ but i do know you have nothing more to fear . ” words and bent so forward over the rock that one might have supposed he was about to precipitate himself from it . , who was unconsciously ruining his country , and threw all the <unk> of his proceedings on mazarin	69.95130920410156
. never heard his name mentioned by any person , and i hope and believe he is dead . ” to open . her for an instant with an expression of the deepest tenderness , then , turning towards the notary , he significantly winked his eye in token of <unk> . done , dear grandpapa , that you should be angry with me ? ” cried valentine . every one followed her . for an instant ; then as it was difficult to suggest a more reasonable proposal , he agreed to it . young man behaved himself well ? but he is ignorant of his real name , having never known his parents . ” of being so , my lord , but i am totally	61.11907196044922
in the dark about everything . ” difficulty , <unk> their fear of <unk> him of it ; but the count replied that , as he was going to the <unk> theatre , the box at the argentina theatre would be lost if they did not profit by it . not kill my father ? ” , what ‘ pull , ’ as beauchamp says , <unk> i ? which you would give me are almost crimes . ” words ; you have said nothing , have you ? ” allude ? ” asked monte cristo . he , on perceiving aramis . , ” said monte cristo . . the whole party , with vociferous <unk> . left the room ; he heard her ascend the little	63.70466232299805
staircase which led both to madame de villefort ’ s apartments and to hers . the duke . many <unk> heaped upon her head , if not from him ? as he passed by her , but the worthy creature hastened down the staircase with unusual precipitation , and only raised his hands to heaven and exclaimed : , who are devoted to me for life and death , mount guard around this apartment , and watch all the passages that lead to the courtyard . i am in the king ’ s service , and that knowing he wanted to send some one to england , i solicited the appointment , so great was my desire to know the man of genius who now <unk> the three	92.72621154785156
kingdoms . manifested ? ” said aramis , “ have you not learned by the letter you found on the wretched corpse that she is in a convent ? him for anything more than a mere major . ” ask you , as though you had experienced death , ‘ is it painful to die ? ’ ” , ” replied fernand , with the accents of <unk> resolution , “ i would die myself ! ” of what we can , and not of what we will . ” ? ” cried athos , whose vision was still rather obscured by the uncertain shades and <unk> of daybreak . do ? ” in a room , the walls of which are seven feet thick , with <unk>	76.85836029052734
windows , each bar as thick as my arm . ” of stupidity which <unk> or <unk> , two of the first actors of the day , might have envied . added , addressing the boy who waited . cuirass fell upon aramis and struck a blow that aramis <unk> with his wonted skill . ” he said ; “ you must be much fatigued after your voyage . , sir , thank you , monsieur broussel , ” said friquet ; “ i am so fond of <unk> ! ” ” said the count ; “ i am going to sleep twenty-four hours ; i am just falling down with fatigue . ” see your beggar , sir , and if he is such as you describe	73.58592987060547
him , you are <unk> will be you who have discovered the true treasure . ” his own carriage . with apparent delight , a leading article in the same paper on <unk> , probably a composition of his own . have said , of a small dressing-room , opening into a bedroom , and , when the door of communication was shut , the inmates were quite alone . had said to him the preceding evening about the sinister character of the old man recurred to the mind of d ’ artagnan , who looked at him with more attention than he had done before . d ’ artagnan . ! ’ day after tomorrow . ” the executioner escape , then ? ” , the duke	60.023067474365234
, laughing at la ramee for his bad play , offered these men two louis d ’ or to go and drink his health , with their four other comrades . that i should have the honor of seeing your majesty , i <unk> myself with this dress , but you will find me none the less a man devoted to your majesty ’ s service , in whatever way you may see fit to use me . ” milady to herself ; “ who knows ! me ? ” it ? ” , sir , ” replied comminges ; “ at first , like you , he seemed distressed ; but when he heard that the cardinal was going to pay him a visit this very <unk>	68.84888458251953
” guess , at least . ” ” replied franz . see this man . evening and no other time will serve . ” old chateau of saint germain he entered his coach , and reached the seine at <unk> . speak , in order that he might be spoken <unk> milady very well knew that her greatest seduction was in her voice , which so skillfully ran over the whole <unk> of tones from human speech to language celestial . ascertain whether these fifty or sixty pistoles are worth the risk of four heads . ” d ’ artagnan , “ no noise . will not carry your antipathy so far as to deprive me of the pleasure of your company , sir , ” said monte	97.52935791015625
cristo . , you are right ; and if i have sworn to revenge myself , it is not on the french captain , or the count of morcerf , but on the fisherman fernand , the husband of mercédès the catalane . ” much respect for d ’ artagnan ’ s policy among the musketeers . ” said athos , “ i renounce my plan of seclusion , and wherever you go , i will go with you . , ” continued the servant , “ begs these gentlemen ’ s permission to wait upon them as their neighbor , and he will be honored by an intimation of what time they will please to receive him . ” of that , athos ? ” , monsieur	63.83873748779297
? ” demanded the musketeer , <unk> a step , and with a foreign accent , which proved to d ’ artagnan that he was deceived in one of his <unk> . said d ’ artagnan ; “ that is the most direct line to london . ” to ask , sir ; he spoke elegantly , although i thought from his accent he was an englishman . ” what has your eminence done with him ? ” moment of despair like yours , since it led to a similar resolution , i also wished to kill myself ; one day your father , equally desperate , wished to kill himself too . ? ” gun was fired , and he heard the whistling of a ball pass	62.93867874145508
over his head . for the court , produced quite a different effect to that which was intended . ” <unk> , had recovered its gracious expression ; but some little red spots on her handkerchief indicated that she had bitten her lips till the blood came . call acting generously , knowing your conspiracy and not informing against you , that is what i should call becoming your accomplice . ; and everything considered , it is our lot to risk our lives ; but _she_ , ” asked he , in an undertone . , will you confess it ? ” , porthos , or aramis tried to talk with the man in the red cloak ; but to every <unk> which they put to him	143.27256774902344
he bowed , without response . that it should take place as soon as possible . master , my good fellow , ” said the footman . up again after three <unk> from you , i shall never rise after this fourth . ” abbé <unk> ” monte cristo took off the <unk> which disfigured him , and let fall his black hair , which added so much to the beauty of his pallid features . and went up to the window , which was without shutters , but had the <unk> closely drawn . perfidy , sir , and succeed in making you understand that i will be revenged , i shall be reasonable enough , ” said albert furiously . , ” cried guitant . learn	90.2197036743164
what convent she is in . ” ” murmured he , “ if it be , so much the better , for i have made a rare acquisition . ” majesty will not commit such an act of imprudence , first , because it would be useless and would produce the most <unk> results . , sir . ” ” cried barrois , “ are you going to let me die without help ? like a common criminal by the hand of the london executioner ? ” , and suddenly they open some mysterious cavern filled with the wealth of the <unk> . ” , ” he continued , “ that the count de rochefort spoke of me to the cardinal ? ” believe such is the case	58.383079528808594
, i do not affirm it ; besides , liberty of conscience is established in france . ” ” they gone a quarter of a league when , having killed a kid , he begged jacopo to take it to his comrades , and request them to cook it , and when ready to let him know by firing a gun . with his hands behind him , <unk> his head and repeating , “ i shall follow up on my idea . ” his eyes slowly rose towards heaven with an expression of infinite gratitude . , and bringing back to jacopo the shirt and trousers he had lent him , that edmond reappeared before the captain of the lugger , who had made him tell his	120.16056060791016
story over and over again before he could believe him , or recognize in the neat and <unk> sailor the man with thick and matted beard , hair <unk> with <unk> , and body <unk> in <unk> , whom he had picked up naked and nearly drowned . i can assist you in discovering , besides the <unk> of your friends ? ” inquired the abbé with a laugh . prisoner ’ s efforts to <unk> a <unk> examination , raoul had recognized his natural accent . here till seven . ” a dignified but respectful posture , such as became a man of good birth , who had in the course of his life been frequently in the society of the highest nobles . sending a scrutinizing	136.3475799560547
glance from milady to the young officer . ? ” demanded the irresistible voice of monte cristo . seven o ’ clock , descend from your carriage opposite the via <unk> <unk> , and follow the roman peasant who <unk> your torch from you . engagement at the opera . announcing all this is , that all good and faithful catholics may offer up their prayers for the unfortunate culprits , and , above all , beseech of heaven to grant them a sincere repentance . ” ” country where he must be very much talked of , and i know that his <unk> against france greatly engage the attention of your friend the cardinal . ” seven o ’ clock in the evening , i saw a	90.19402313232422
servant on horseback leave the house at full gallop , and take the road to sèvres . the window facing the square had been thrown open , and the people had seen silently advancing from the interior of the vast chamber , first , a masked man , who , carrying an axe in his hand , was recognized as the executioner . ; he feared it would be hypocritical to <unk> in a friendly manner the man whom he was <unk> opposing , but his oath and the gravity of the circumstances recurred to his memory ; he struggled to conceal his emotion and bowed to franz . , after having ordered him to join them at athos ’ s residence , said “ let us go	88.10845947265625
then , ” at the same time taking his cloak , sword , and three pistols , opening uselessly two or three drawers to see if he could not find stray coin . this , my sister ? fortunately . you , ” cried the commissary , “ and preserve absolute secrecy . in bed , was about to follow the example of the superior ; but milady stopped her . you understand that uneasiness makes us do many things . ” be the first gentleman of his kingdom , the queen was without doubt the most beautiful woman in france . far as i could judge from the sight of him . ” . saluted her ironically , and went out . that this term , milady	101.56291198730469
, is only properly used when followed by a family name . set about this work , in which , unhappily , i can offer you no assistance ; keep at it all night , if necessary , and do not return here tomorrow till after the jailer has visited me . d ’ artagnan ; “ i regret to see that we , hitherto united , are opposed to each other . to descend . . head , fixed his eagle look upon that loyal , open , and intelligent countenance , read upon that face , furrowed with tears , all the sufferings its possessor had endured in the course of a month , and reflected for the third or fourth time how much there was	156.4116973876953
in that youth of twenty-one years before him , and what resources his activity , his courage , and his shrewdness might offer to a good master . child ! ” exclaimed the angry marquise , “ your folly <unk> all bounds . ” cried the sergeant . , then you make me break your plate ; if all the prisoners followed your example , the government would be ruined . of a horse ’ s hoofs was heard upon the road ; it was grimaud , on his way to paris . he said , “ this is the marechal de la meilleraie , as to whose intentions you have been deceived and who pledges himself , on returning to the louvre , to demand of the	93.38682556152344
queen , in your name , our broussel ’ s release . clock , maximilian ; thank heaven that you came at noon rather than in the evening , or tomorrow morning . was now time for him to join in the conversation . d ’ artagnan felt his heart dilated and compressed by that delicious spasm which tortures and caresses the hearts of lovers . cardinal ! ” the cardinal listened with a smile to this vociferous <unk> of the feelings of m. bonacieux ; and then , when bonacieux ’ s cries were no longer audible , “ good ! ” said he , “ that man would henceforward lay down his life for me. ” and the cardinal began to examine with the greatest attention	110.20281982421875
the map of la rochelle , which , as we have said , lay open on the desk , <unk> with a pencil the line in which the famous dyke was to pass which , eighteen months later , shut up the port of the besieged city . m. bonacieux was one of profound selfishness mixed with <unk> avarice , the whole <unk> with extreme cowardice . . many thanks for the drive of yesterday ; but , after all , i ought not to blame you for the <unk> of your horses , more especially as it procured me the pleasure of an introduction to the count of monte cristo , —and certainly that illustrious personage , apart from the millions he is said to be so	119.57070922851562
very anxious to dispose of , seemed to me one of those curiously interesting <unk> i , for one , delight in <unk> at any risk , even if it were to <unk> another drive to the bois behind your horses . on the brink of misfortune , <unk> over ideas like these ! the association for a time with his own means . was a stifled groan . he die ? ” asked caderousse in a choking voice . ” at athos , whose face betrayed all those emotions which the king , possessing more self-control , had banished from his own . eugénie , “ you are a bad physiognomist , if you imagine i <unk> on my own account the catastrophe of which you warn	140.63990783691406
me . ” exclaimed monte cristo , shuddering ; “ who could have told you so ? ” . was scarcely a man , <unk> , natural , eloquent with that eloquence of the heart never found when sought for ; full of affection for everybody , because he was happy , and because happiness renders even the wicked <unk> his affection even to his judge , spite of villefort ’ s severe look and stern accent . us hinder you , mousqueton ; go and perform your master ’ s orders . whispered aramis to athos , “ did you see ? ” knew he must call assistance . hear you speak of monsieur d ’ emery as calculated for a post which requires a man of	131.44032287597656
probity . interruption , and , in fact , did not hear what was said ; he longed to be alone , and free to ponder over all that had occurred . would be popular , can not forgive the count of morcerf for being created a peer ; and this marriage broken off without a reason being <unk> , it is all from the same cause . ” this hour the headsman has been got out of the way by force or <unk> . , and in three days you will be like him , mad enough to tie up ; but , fortunately , there are dungeons here . ” of whom i spoke , ” said the doctor to d ’ avrigny . order of	92.10060119628906
charles iii. , and you wish to announce the good news to me ? ” gentlemen . ” s something , for i have not the shadow of one , ” said athos coolly ; “ but as to d ’ artagnan , gentlemen , the idea of belonging to <unk> has driven him out of his senses . is there ? ” said danglars ; “ for , at present , i can not say that i have seen anything extraordinary . , but , after having gnawed the flower stalk , he began to bite his nails . . entered . closely , and discover , if you can , even the semblance of a reproach in me . ” bounded towards the door . we	66.25646209716797
were descending a large staircase ; around us were all my mother ’ s servants carrying trunks , bags , ornaments , jewels , purses of gold , with which they were hurrying away in the greatest distraction . cells ; their inhabitants were designated by the numbers of their cell , and the unhappy young man was no longer called edmond <unk> was now number 34 . <unk> wretch ? _ ” asked felton . grimaud , still <unk> his accounts . , my dear , my glass is there on the <unk> it to me , valentine. ” valentine poured the <unk> into a glass and gave it to her grandmother with a certain degree of dread , for it was the same glass she fancied	153.70330810546875
that had been touched by the spectre . a little ? ” danglars ; “ was not this murdered man an old <unk> ? ” know that it is not i who caused you to be written to . ” a high official situation , though only twenty-seven . prisoner thus , we shall never know the truth . ” . ” distinguish objects , and behind the bandit he saw a man enveloped in a cloak , half lost in the shadow of a stone column . not worth while . ” , down a little staircase , and you are in it . ” and asked for two glasses of liqueur , at the <unk> their friends must have done before them . hôtel des gardes	80.09577178955078
, they separated , leaving the street at opposite ends , one having to quit paris by the barrière de la villette and the other by the barrière montmartre , to meet again beyond st. <unk> strategic <unk> which , having been executed with equal punctuality , was crowned with the most fortunate results . swearing , which at that period was a very <unk> habit . you speak a single word to anyone before the captain permits you , the captain will have you thrown into the sea . remain in paris ? ” she inquired . four men , and the need they felt of seeing another three or four times a day , whether for <unk> , business , or pleasure , caused them to	161.57215881347656
be continually running after one another like shadows ; and the inseparables were constantly to be met with seeking one another , from the luxembourg to the place st. sulpice , or from the rue du <unk> to the luxembourg . shall be accompanied by one who will blow your brains out at the first attempt you make to return to england or the <unk> . ” feet from the ground , as the gentlemen below had told him . pressed down his side of the shade and so raised it on the other , throwing a bright light on the stranger ’ s face , while his own remained obscured . she , withdrawing it <unk> “ no , my friend , touch me not . very	104.1141357421875
long , excellency . ” fourth time . ” said albert , interrupting her , “ that i know what you were about to say . ” gardener i effectually screen our meetings from all suspicion or danger . ” , placed his back against the <unk> of the carriage , making a rampart of his horse , drew his pistols from their holsters and fastened them to his belt , and began to fight with the back sword , like a man accustomed to the <unk> of his weapon . porthos , “ it would be a pity ; animals which cost me a hundred pistoles each . ” of assent . to the sergeant . the youth in his sweet voice , “ it seems to	62.467769622802734
me that there is only one career for a <unk> of the army . his eyes and gently turned the <unk> of the ring inside . , she in <unk> the furniture in her efforts to get at him , he in <unk> himself behind the furniture to keep out of her reach , kitty opened the door . rejoined mazarin , impatiently , “ it ’ s about an hour since i asked you for that very thing , <unk> that you are . ” <unk> . caderousse , “ i should have sworn that he turned to the <unk> <unk> wine is ! ” the baron to the duke , “ all the servants of his majesty must approve of the latest intelligence which we have	92.30077362060547
from the island of elba . wall , about a hundred paces from the spot where the two friends sat looking and listening as they drank their wine , was the village of the catalans . across his brow . gutenberg ebook the count of monte cristo , illustrated *** to be no unusual combination of circumstances ; nevertheless , i perceive some hidden plot in the <unk> , in fact , more than is apparent on a <unk> view of the subject . square of white stones , about twenty feet high ; an interior partition separated the two families , and each apartment had its entrance door . ? ” stammered d ’ artagnan . . ” ” thomson & french are not looked upon as	90.110107421875
safe and solvent bankers ? to know , countess ? ” asked albert . at the man , who spoke with more assurance than he had hitherto shown . a theological quarrel , ” replied aramis , making a sign to d ’ artagnan to keep secret the cause of their duel . cristo , the very same in whose house we are . ” a resigned victim , and shook her head . said comminges , who , irritated by his wounds , wished for revenge and longed to give back blow for blow , “ shall i fire off a ball to punish that <unk> , and to warn him not to sing so much out of <unk> in the future ? ” with the most	97.19986724853516
amiable air he could assume . carriage ? ” he asked the sergeant . little table , on which were ink , paper , and pens . , ” said the abbé . assassin ; ” they asked together . cordiality for his kindly welcome , although he must at that moment have been suffering bitterly to find another dungeon where he had fondly reckoned on discovering a means of regaining his liberty . to and fro like a <unk> tiger ; with dilated eyes , <unk> as he paced along by the bars of a window looking upon the yard of servant ’ s offices . himself with joy . success is courage , and that you possess , and strength , which i am not deficient	149.92942810058594
in ; as for patience , you have abundantly proved <unk> shall now see me prove mine . ” <unk> large in the horizon . for the sake of making me talk that you invent this story and create this personage . ” sort of oath better , ” said d ’ artagnan to himself ; then aloud , “ may i not offer my duty to her majesty the queen ? ” furious ? ” , during which time no noise was heard that might indicate that grimaud was discovered , and at the expiration of that anxious interval the two men returned , closed the door after them , and repeating their orders that the servants should go to bed and extinguish their lights , disappeared	106.28385162353516
. desire to leave this fortune ? ” receive it in ten days you can leave . ” that is enough to take us to london and back . ” , you rogue ? ” you speak ! ” cried valentine . that monsieur d ’ artagnan mounted with difficulty ? replied with a violent effort . by which you can escape this time but those of hell . ” go to your rooms , and try to sleep away all recollections of this evening . athos , for amid the general fright he alone had preserved the noble calmness and coolness that never forsook him , “ monseigneur , the musketeers , when they are not on duty , or when their duty is over , drink	120.05329132080078
and play at dice , and they are certainly superior officers to their lackeys . ” , maximilian ; it is nothing , and has already passed away . to mordaunt , “ i think we have you now , my hero ! the cup to me ? ” killed , one of you must take it , and continue the route ; if he be killed , it will be another ’ s turn , and so <unk> a single one arrives , that is all that is required . ” man who rode at the side of the carriage , it stopped . on the following sunday a te deum would be sung at notre dame in honor of the victory of lens . continued the	90.1688232421875
man in the cloak ; “ you were a fool not to have pretended to accept the mission . ’ s lodge to the steps . him , she cried , “ you have promised your protection ; you have promised to save me from her anger . check by one whom he had considered a boy , he became warm and began to make mistakes . whom i once saw , was short , of slender form , and of a much more nervous than <unk> temperament ; grief could hardly produce apoplexy in such a constitution as that of madame de saint-méran . ” to say , boy , to monsieur broussel ? ” this time a fresh <unk> was left with <unk> . teacher at	120.60526275634766
rome make three <unk> large , one <unk> , and one small ; and pointed out to him that by the help of a sharp instrument he could trace the letters on a slate , and thus learn to write . , ” said bragelonne , “ he has worn the <unk> . mistake , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ there is more selfishness in my toast than perhaps you may think—for it is only in prosperous <unk> that one is well received . baroness , turning towards her daughter , “ this is the count of monte cristo . ” the cardinal . his desire to hear the conversation was <unk> by this discovery . understood that athos was sure of his vengeance when he	96.86202239990234
revealed such a secret . dear count . ” seen there but mendicants devouring their crusts , and children at play . ; —well , you are right , for if you <unk> in such reflections , you would never risk your principal , which is to the speculator what the skin is to civilized man . that ! ” said porthos . despatched him at once , he felt that they would not kill him at all . ” remarked mazarin . , and in a peculiar manner . , but at the sight of the piece of silver which shone in the darkness he consented , and walked on before athos . out , ” he replied . my <unk> , ” said madame de villefort	75.88922119140625
to monte cristo , leaning back on her sofa and motioning towards valentine with her hand . ; and i am curious to know how it will end . ” so beautiful , fair as the <unk> vision , to see her by turns overcome with grief and threatening ; to resist at once the ascendancy of grief and <unk> was too much for a visionary ; it was too much for a brain weakened by the ardent dreams of an <unk> faith ; it was too much for a heart furrowed by the love of heaven that <unk> , by the hatred of men that <unk> . , and the reason why i was condemned . , ” said mazarin . , he determined to guard you	119.10954284667969
himself , and sent me in his place to get buckingham to sign the order for your <unk> . ” , hesitated for a moment , then , making an effort at self-control , he said , “ and <unk> tell me that she has disappeared ? ” he said , “ who <unk> in the musketeers under feigned names in order not to lower their family names . moment a second neighing was borne to them on the night wind . was looking at his watch for about the hundredth time , at the beginning of the second act the door opened , and monte cristo entered , dressed in black , and , leaning over the front of the box , looked around the pit .	72.85100555419922
him ? ” to keep the <unk> watch . , as we have said , was an italian , was called <unk> signor giacomo busoni . keep me from it , and you , too ! ” said d ’ artagnan . the political hatred which had formerly existed between m. noirtier and the elder d ’ épinay , well understood the agitation and anger which the announcement had produced ; but , feigning not to perceive either , he immediately resumed the narrative begun by his wife . . by d ’ artagnan and had arrived in time . grimace ; mme . monsieur will see . ” maximilian , “ you are not perhaps aware that i am m. de monte cristo ’ s friend ?	77.35294342041016
” you do not appear to be in the possession of your senses . ” fellow and a <unk> <unk> , ” replied edmond , “ and heaven will recompense you for your generous intentions ; but i do not wish anyone to stay with me . was in a court surrounded by high walls ; he heard the measured tread of sentinels , and as they passed before the light he saw the barrels of their muskets shine . eh ! ” stammered caderousse . d ’ artagnan , letting his arm fall with <unk> , “ it is useless to struggle longer . his horse , threw the bridle to planchet , and departed at a quick pace , folding his cloak around him . of	62.668556213378906
monte cristo has done for you . ” made himself known , took the best horse in the stables , mounted and gained the high road . ? ” a whirlwind , at the same time two troops of horsemen , each composed of ten men , <unk> forth from each of the <unk> which <unk> the house and surrounded d ’ artagnan and planchet . return to take command of your vessel . ” yourself to your sister , the queen ? ” asked the girl . aramis , “ what think you about these two enemies whom it requires , besides comminges ’ s troop , ten good soldiers to confront ; are they not as like as two drops of water to d ’ artagnan	74.45059967041016
and porthos ? ” too , m. noirtier ? ” , and saw the <unk> full of powder which his friend jacopo had left him . that he did , monsieur , for all his wheedling manner . ” he , ‘ this is very nice weather , and two leagues to go in such a storm . ’ , and that same night the passengers at the end of the faubourg saw with surprise that <unk> and <unk> were occupied in repairing the lower part of the <unk> house . led by a chief , one of whom appeared to belong , not to the people , but to the honorable corporation of mendicants , and the other , notwithstanding his affected imitation of the people ,	97.0045166015625
might easily be discerned to be a gentleman . but he had scarcely gone a hundred paces , when a furious fellow , leaning between two soldiers , spat in the king ’ s face , as once an infamous and accursed jew spit in the face of jesus of <unk> . asked porthos . yet , while i do belong to the earth , i wish to speak of <unk> our friends . ” young man , ” said monte cristo “ and i felt a lively interest in him the very first evening of my introduction , when i met him in search of a supper , and prevailed upon him to accept a portion of mine . one <unk> we begin by the coadjutor .	86.72298431396484
say about not seeing you again , i believe not a word of it ; with such a heart as <unk> such a <unk> passes through the valley of the shadow of death a dozen times , <unk> and <unk> . man ? ” me . camp ; therefore , gentlemen , not a word more of this affair . ’ s position the diamond certainly was of great value . selfishness , caderousse readily perceived the solidity of this mode of reasoning ; he gazed , <unk> , <unk> , on danglars , and then caution <unk> generosity . , and nearly strangled beppo ; but he could not resist five armed men , and was forced to yield . apartments of saint germain . athos .	128.98533630371094
? ” said athos ; and he took the <unk> paper from the pocket of his uniform . , before god who hears us , that if you betray me , and my enemies pardon me , i will kill myself , while accusing you of my death . ” andrea to the scaffold , and there , in spite of his struggles , his <unk> , and his cries , had forced him to his knees . to me . ” last sound of her dress brushing the branches , and of her footstep on the gravel , then raised his eyes with an ineffable smile of <unk> to heaven for being permitted to be thus loved , and then also disappeared . the king to those	63.98834228515625
around him , “ i leave you to brave the tempest ; i go before you to a kingdom which knows no storms . ” said the guard to the two cavaliers , “ that the duc de beaufort has arrived in paris ? ” her head , opened her eyes , and sighed deeply . porthos , “ oh ! with my heart , while i only love milady with my head , ” said he . , ” said friquet ; “ the house belongs to him ; he occupies the second floor when he works and <unk> to the first to take his meals ; he must be at dinner now ; it is noon . ” cried d ’ artagnan . , but no	57.668212890625
one <unk> . ” i was happy , because i had not <unk> death , because to be cast upon a bed of rocks and <unk> seemed terrible , because i was unwilling that i , a creature made for the service of god , should serve for food to the <unk> and <unk> . see her ? ” noirtier again made an affirmative sign . the tastes of the day ? ” august 10 , 1628 of monsieur le prince , i laid a few <unk> in the runs ; and while reclining on the banks of his highness ’ s pieces of water , i slipped a few lines into his fish ponds . , she looked at the manly countenance of monte cristo , on	123.28125762939453
which grief and hatred still impressed a threatening expression . , and having made his proofs as general , he succeeded in remaining a soldier , instead of being made cardinal . ? ” send mine to athos ’ s residence . though he had not much confidence in the <unk> of his imagination . continued the <unk> , “ i ’ ll take care it shall not happen , even if i should be forced to sit by the whole night to watch when the strawberries are ripe . ” ; pay me differently ; ” and he held the bonds towards danglars , who seized them like a vulture extending its claws to withhold the food that is being <unk> from its grasp . cried he	132.45277404785156
, starting up ; “ is my mother ill ? ” and he hastened to the door . well accustomed to the domestic <unk> of this disturbed household , was alarmed . , ” replied d ’ artagnan , pointing to the purse which mazarin still held , “ if you love and esteem him so much , <unk> me ? ” ” he said . albert , “ it is of no use to be in the company of a greek if one <unk> just in the same style as with a parisian ; let me speak to her of the east . ” ; examine the <unk> , milan , venice , trieste , <unk> , yanina . else . ” , toward anne of austria	72.3746109008789
, and said with a very perplexed and embarrassed air , “ and now it remains for me to make the principal examination . ” in public opinion before the sentence of the law could be pronounced . for means of escape , and seeing the door free , he rushed into the next chamber , in which , as we have said , the deputies from la rochelle were waiting , crossed it as quickly as possible , and rushed toward the staircase ; but upon the first step he met lord de winter , who , seeing him pale , confused , livid , and stained with blood both on his hands and face , seized him by the throat , crying , “ i knew	73.71794128417969
it ! the reason i won ’ t go , ” said d ’ artagnan . years of his life to possess this sword . his wife and daughter . ” badly sprained her <unk> . ” sin to bore through a wall , or destroy a staircase ; but i can not so easily persuade myself to pierce a heart or take away a life . ” bad night when this letter was brought to him , announcing that the duke was free and that he would henceforth raise up mortal strife against him . towards his mother-in-law , for it was she . ” coward , planchet . ” , you are not safe fifty yards from the gates . ” within 60 days following each	100.94828033447266
date on which you prepare ( or are <unk> required to prepare ) your <unk> tax returns . my fault . ” may ; and this very day we will write the letters , ” said aramis . , athos procures his equipment deceived , supposing this man has not been unhappy enough to merit happiness . were , and was answered by a burst of laughter . , ” answered grimaud . people had never declared their affection ; they had grown together like two trees whose roots are mingled , whose branches <unk> , and whose <unk> perfume <unk> to the heavens . , which makes us proceed from a known to an unknown quantity , and not from an unknown to a known ; but	139.80612182617188
sit down , sir , i beg of you . ” contrary , we shall not answer . ” louvre he had often seen , as she passed by him in the full <unk> of her dazzling charms , the beautiful madame de longueville . will not put his maxim into execution , now that he has got hold of the king ? ” of the month ? ” asked he of jacopo , who sat down beside him . athos drank enough for four , and without appearing to be otherwise affected by wine than by a more marked <unk> of the brow and by a deeper sadness . year for kings , ” said gondy , shaking his head ; “ look at england , madame	93.86062622070312
. ” they will accord the time they have refused to me . of the civil marriage . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ and i will guard it so carefully that i will be sworn it shall arrive at its address , and woe be to him who shall attempt to take it from me ! ” for corsica , others the island of elba ; <unk> were offered to any amount that she was bound for spain ; while africa was positively reported by many persons as her intended course ; but no one thought of monte cristo . , the question of the five <unk> to be settled . albert ; “ but let us walk . the duke , and made his way	98.81169128417969
as quickly as possible to the <unk> . ; have what you will ; ” and he made a sign to franz to take what he pleased . , he would rather tear him to pieces with his teeth and nails than let him enjoy the life he himself is about to be deprived of . was a profound silence in the room when the duke again addressed <unk> “ do you not remember that the duc de guise taught all the dogs in paris to jump for mademoiselle de <unk> , whom he styled ‘ the <unk> of the fair ? ’ pistache is going to show you how superior he is to all other dogs . the police would deal with him pretty severely for having	137.8538055419922
sought a quarrel with a great <unk> in the opinion of the host the stranger could be nothing less than a great <unk> insisted that notwithstanding his weakness d ’ artagnan should get up and depart as quickly as possible . . look so angry , and you shall have 4,000 francs of the money to do what you like with , and eugénie shall have 2,000 . but strength was on the side of the musketeers . monte cristo had been examining when he entered , and said : someone to whom i can denounce the wretch ! ” words with a simplicity that did honor to his courtesy , without throwing the least doubt upon his courage . she , “ here is a ring of	90.94867706298828
great value , as i have been assured . priests struggling and <unk> like a wild beast , and striving desperately to break the cords that bound his hands . be captain one must do a little flattery to one ’ s <unk> . ” the exterior , and if he attempts to fly , fire upon him ; he must be a great criminal , from what the telegraph says . ” <unk> . worth more to be viewed with an angry eye than not to be seen at all . be had in saint germain . , ” said m. de boville . show me a certain embroidered handkerchief . ” shore , abandoned themselves gaily to the current . of a person wounded in a	124.01465606689453
dream ; he feels the wound , though he can not recollect when he received it . of all these <unk> intrigues . ” him for that . ” must be near <unk> , where he pretended to be going . said the cardinal ; “ and you , monsieur aramis ? ” the count , “ do not joke in so loud a tone ; haydée may hear you , perhaps . ” said the queen , “ be as grateful as you like , it does not <unk> me ; you are here safe and sound , that is all i wished for ; you are not only welcome , but welcome back . ” the liberator , the father of the people ! faculties to	53.451351165771484
a <unk> ; and you are well aware that from the <unk> of clouds <unk> is <unk> <unk> , lightning , from lightning , <unk> . ” , my god ! ” murmured he , “ i have so earnestly prayed to you , that i hoped my prayers had been heard . . ” de chatillon , ” cried the chevalier ; “ welcome to you—i expected you . ” replied faria , “ what has <unk> you from knocking down your jailer with a piece of wood torn from your bedstead , dressing yourself in his clothes , and endeavoring to escape ? ” relation . then , as we said , d ’ artagnan stopped , asked for a bottle of wine of the best	71.75402069091797
quality , and placing himself in the darkest corner of the room , determined thus to wait till daylight ; but this time again his hopes were disappointed , and although he listened with all his ears , he heard nothing , amid the oaths , coarse jokes , and abuse which passed between the laborers , servants , and <unk> who <unk> the honorable society of which he formed a part , which could put him upon the least track of her who had been stolen from him . there is something between that man and me that he is quite ignorant of : he nearly made me lose my credit with his eminence . meantime ? ” thousand precautions to take , a thousand counsels to	171.94100952148438
give to her <unk> , in order that he might avoid explanations with the count before witnesses . , and i will . ” i am as exact as you are . , working at a list of pensions and <unk> , of which he was trying to reduce the number . ” thousand volumes in my library at rome ; but after reading them over many times , i found out that with one hundred and fifty <unk> books a man possesses , if not a complete <unk> of all human knowledge , at least all that a man need really know . the baldric of porthos and the handkerchief of aramis dear viscount , you are <unk> to hear music this evening ; you have only	90.20545959472656
escaped from mademoiselle danglars ’ piano , to be attacked by haydée ’ s <unk> . ” find with the fellow ? ” ! ” repeated buckingham ; “ let him come in . ” madame , to be a great and powerful queen , and that it will be unworthy of your power and greatness if you do not recompense the arms which will bring back his eminence to saint germain . ” , ” repeated he , mechanically ; “ and why her rather than another ? ” relations , if he had any , might have some interest in knowing if he were dead or alive . ” a man , and a violent one , too . ” <unk> , for instance ; and	59.221858978271484
at the first alarm we can leave france . ” ” murmured renée . continued m. morrel , “ here is the _pharaon_ without a captain . ” ’ s guards placed <unk> de <unk> by you four in two days ! wedding to be ? ” he asked . by a low , <unk> hedge , two or three feet high . athos ; “ but at all events listen well to this . which indicated that this was not the first time she had amused herself by <unk> the garb of the opposite sex , eugénie drew on the boots and <unk> , tied her cravat , buttoned her waistcoat up to the throat , and put on a coat which admirably fitted her beautiful figure	93.75077056884766
. <unk> ? ” throughout the immense crowd ; every opinion was openly expressed and <unk> , so to speak , of coming <unk> , as the thousand bells of all the paris churches rang out the te deum . her still , ” said kitty , who had not taken her eyes off the young man ’ s countenance for an instant . i shake hands with you , saying , ‘ beauchamp , acknowledge you have injured me , and retain my friendship , ’ or must i simply propose to you a choice of arms ? ” had gradually decreased , and a light breeze arose , seeming like the respiration of nature on awakening from the burning <unk> of the south . secondary agent	238.6068572998047
in this sad affair , and it is of m. de monte cristo that you must demand an explanation . ” what is it you want with me ? for us ; come . ” could not help exchanging not only a look but a smile ; and had they not known it for a fact , this would have told them that de chatillon and de flamarens had been there . the end of a cord the three articles designated and let them down to planchet , who then went satisfied to his shed . i recognize you ; you are captain mordaunt . ” replied vampa coolly . the hands of another , you , my dear father , would probably ere this have been <unk>	98.8150863647461
” villefort ’ s father laughed . the queen , “ in awaiting the cardinal ’ s decision let there be , if you please , a reference to the king only . ” door , lying dressed upon his bed , at the head of which parry was seated , reading in a low voice a chapter from the bible . three musketeers looked at one another inquiringly . the planks , he exclaimed : <unk> of <unk> and of flanders . time to time , the <unk> took the messengers which the rochellais sent to buckingham , or the spies which buckingham sent to the rochellais . madame de saint-remy is at blois with the duchess of orleans . my lord . ” the grating with	78.82279968261719
a board . ” been deceived ; these two men had only followed for the purpose of <unk> him , hoping that the young man ’ s death would be placed to the account of the enemy . face in her hands . <unk> . wait for an answer . the louvre without difficulty . delay , ” said athos ; “ our servants ? ” reason . ” ? ” asked the doctor . he had cast a rapid , <unk> glance into the kitchen ; and he was obliged to confess to himself , to the shame of the procurator ’ s wife and his own regret , that he did not see that fire , that animation , that <unk> , which when a good	43.62287139892578
repast is on foot <unk> generally in that <unk> of good living . . ” said the swiss ; “ it ’ s simple enough to <unk> a dream , but i <unk> dream . ” , ” said aramis . said d ’ artagnan . , a light tilbury , you are naturally as <unk> as an <unk> ; if i had missed you tonight , i might not have had another chance . ” devil that pursues ! ” he cried ; drawing his sword and preparing to attack the new foe . liberty and we accepted it . and tried to climb it ; but the wall had been recently pointed , and d ’ artagnan could get no hold . you ? ” said	70.17963409423828
the governor . . ” ? ” ” said porthos . was seeking to preserve him from some misfortune which threatened him . <unk> me from this dilemma , —the one by a mysterious escape , managed through <unk> ; the other by <unk> off my judges with gold . by using up two or three horses ( that ’ s nothing ; i have plenty of money ) , i am at béthune . ” said danglars ; “ i merely <unk> my decision , that is all . ” , for they will be listening at the door . caderousse , waving his hand in token of adieu to danglars , and bending his steps towards the allées de meilhan , moving his head to and	73.03855895996094
fro , and muttering as he went , after the manner of one whose mind was <unk> with one <unk> idea . marriage with oliva corsinari , and the register of your child ’ s birth . ” assumed a still further shade of brown from the habit the unfortunate man had acquired of <unk> himself from morning till eve at the threshold of his door , on the lookout for guests who seldom came , yet there he stood , day after day , exposed to the <unk> rays of a burning sun , with no other protection for his head than a red handkerchief twisted around it , after the manner of the spanish <unk> . appear , things were to go on as had been	203.76084899902344
agreed ; mme . day to let him have a companion , were it even the mad abbé . who has heard of your arrival , and no doubt comes to congratulate you on your fortunate return . ” my pretensions , ” said aramis . said edmond with a friendly nod , and the two lovers continued on their way , as calm and joyous as if they were the very elect of heaven . great franz ’ s desire was to allude to their former interview , the fear of being disagreeable to the man who had loaded him and his friend with kindness prevented him from mentioning it . not fail to do so , ” returned the count , bowing . clock ; at	92.18118286132812
a quarter past , a merchant presented himself to insure two ships ; it was a clear profit of <unk> francs . great appearance on the table . . ” <unk> of it , and tomorrow i hope you will be satisfied with the <unk> i shall have made in consequence of your advice . ” . ” athos . as i am personally concerned . ” me the order of charles iii. , ” returned debray carelessly . i have searched every part and poor stuff i found . ” gondy , astonished at not having further advanced ; “ i fear that when the torrent has broken its <unk> it will cause fearful destruction . ” ” said she , smiling , “ but we won	97.23375701904297
’ t tell him ! ” the comte de la fere , ” said athos , rising and bowing respectfully to the duchess de chevreuse . my friend , have you seen anything ? ” asked the gascon . to ask of you ; that is , the name of your true executioner . then his lordship began to fear aramis was not coming to join them . such at the last <unk> . ” ” , if it is any satisfaction to you to do so ; but rely upon my obtaining the <unk> i seek . ” ’ artagnan . brave guitant , whatsoever command i may give you in that <unk> <unk> i may order you to do , will you not perform it ?	47.183082580566406
” idea , aramis , ” said athos , who felt much deference for the young musketeer . the signal for the end of the carnival sounded , and at the same instant all the _moccoletti_ were extinguished as if by enchantment . my man was going to fire a pistol at me ; but <unk> did you get rid of yours ? ” window , and placing himself so that a ray of light should fall upon the letter as he held it , he drew it from his pocket and read it again ; but he had not been mistaken , the appointment was for ten o ’ clock . my youth , i was not so on the night of the betrothal , when we	50.40802001953125
were all seated around a table in the rue du cours at marseilles . caught fire , and they were obliged to let go their hold in order to preserve themselves from sharing the same fate . his name , i know nothing about it ; but if i were ever to meet him , i should recognize him in an instant , i will answer for it , were he among a thousand persons . ” . ” thou shalt be hidden here , though i risk by concealing thee neither more nor less than my lieutenancy , if it was found out that i gave one rebel an asylum . ” , ” said porthos , holding out his hand , which d ’ artagnan took	100.96272277832031
and shook in his . his head drop on the table , now raised it , and looking at fernand with his dull and <unk> eyes , he said , “ kill dantès ! am i to do ? ” these <unk> details that <unk> reigned in the <unk> . artagnan , even folly , has its <unk> . ” artagnan , we know how he was lodged , and we have already made acquaintance with his lackey , master planchet . to come , there is no time to lose . ” , i guessed the rest ; <unk> the length of the lines by those of the paper , and <unk> the hidden meaning by means of what was in part revealed , as we are	85.84650421142578
guided in a cavern by the small ray of light above us . ” we ’ ll gag him and tie <unk> matter <unk> . one but morcerf the whole day . had i better do ? ” the names of your friends ? ” by the explosion , tottered on its base . rising , and leaning forward in his chair , merely stretched out his arm and , taking the damp , crushed glove from the clenched hand of the young man : indeed , he who <unk> after the servant until the door was closed , and then , fearing , no doubt , that he might be overheard in the antechamber , he opened the door again , nor was the precaution useless ,	101.96707916259766
as appeared from the rapid retreat of germain , who proved that he was not exempt from the sin which ruined our first parents . take it ! ” said d ’ artagnan . escaped dantès . <unk> ? discovered ; the men who cast me into the sea and who must have heard the cry i uttered , will be questioned . you which had brought down far <unk> heads than yours , monsieur , ” said the cardinal . mention his name at once ? ” replied the king , betraying some uneasiness . that the excellent abbé was engaged in my behalf , for the <unk> of my imprisonment were <unk> by many trifling though acceptable <unk> , and i was told that my trial	134.19671630859375
was to be postponed to the assizes following those now being held . during my absence . . struck six . all , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ let no one move . morrel , looking fixedly at his son , “ you are a man , and a man of honor . , but let it be the last . ” carriage rolled down the avenue , and stopped at the steps . . your doing <unk> ” monte cristo chose this moment for <unk> the drawing-room . the banker . said aramis , “ i am somewhat of porthos ’ s opinion . ” ; i will confess all to her , —i will tell her daily that i also have committed a crime	59.68455123901367
! —oh , what an <unk> tiger and the serpent ; worthy wife of such as i am ! sir , ” he continued . the horrors of remorse ! not seem convinced . a dozen bandits who spring out of some pit , ruin , or <unk> , and level their pieces at you ? ” the smugglers returned . fall monte cristo ’ s hand . monsieur . ” and heart . of my husband was no longer here to defend me . happiness is not in store for me ! ” sent for us ; my mother had been crying all the night , and was very wretched ; we found the pasha calm , but paler than usual . this ring come to you	144.4752655029297
, athos ? ” the midst of the silver circle illumined by the light of the moon the same <unk> which had been made by the sinking men was again <unk> , and first were seen , rising above the waves , a <unk> of hair , then a pale face with open eyes , yet , nevertheless , the eyes of death ; then a body , which , after rising of itself even to the waist above the sea , turned gently on its back , according to the caprice of the waves , and floated . year the city is in that state of dull <unk> , between life and death , which renders it similar to a kind of station between this world and	113.10647583007812
the <unk> sublime spot , a resting-place full of poetry and character , and at which franz had already halted five or six times , and at each time found it more marvellous and striking . quantity of <unk> in that cellar . ” ” he had uncovered , and which he must remove from its <unk> . on at your ease , gentlemen , ” said morcerf , somewhat piqued . the thesis . ” large one ? ” inquired cromwell . his sentiments , but he contented himself with answering , that the letters from the island of elba ought to have informed <unk> ’ ” sale ready ? ” dantès in <unk> tones . too , will be punished , for you did not do	90.70488739013672
your duty as a <unk> should have prevented benedetto from killing me . ” said , taking up his hat , which he placed on the red handkerchief tied round his head , “ we will soon find out . ” de winter ; “ nothing ; and yet in passing the heights it seemed to me—— ” and he again turned round . ” reply . barren and without shelter ; but when the sea became more calm , he resolved to plunge into its waves again , and swim to lemaire , equally <unk> , but larger , and consequently better <unk> for concealment . night it was ? terrible to reply that valentine was at a ball ; so he only said that she had	105.56466674804688
gone out with her step-mother , and that she should be fetched . little later , it isn ’ t worth quarreling over . ” witness had seen me draw the water from that fountain , and had taken advantage of my confidence in it , the better to assure my ruin , so coolly resolved upon , so cruelly pursued . your senses , or do you come peaceably to take breakfast with me ? and another glass of the capital rum i tasted , for i have not eaten or drunk for a long <unk> ” he had not tasted food for forty hours . begin to suffer again . ” ? ” said she . has been avenged . excellency now owes me <unk> louis	148.56546020507812
. ” ’ s surgeon arrived , quite terrified ; he was already on board the admiral ’ s ship , where they had been obliged to seek him . wretches , ” cried danglars , “ i will defy your infamous <unk> would rather die at once ! promising fellow and it is i who have found out his merits , ” said monsieur de chavigny . which you tell me . ” ” returned monte cristo , seeming to yield to his reflections , “ that you should find yourself without any preparation in a house where the event happened that causes you so much remorse . ” master , and since his condemnation had not ceased to weep . merry companion , my dear d	82.04657745361328
’ artagnan , ” he said , “ and your witty gascon fancy has not deserted you . know these things as well as i do , since this gentleman has forewarned you , both as a doctor and as a friend . ” ” interposed d ’ artagnan , proudly . of mysteries , ” murmured d ’ artagnan to himself . blew a whistle ; the globe of fire which lighted the room <unk> and disappeared . within him at the sight of those two children , whom he had not seen for two years and whom he now met at the moment of death . across the chamber above me , and the next instant a dull , heavy weight seemed to fall powerless on	66.67267608642578
the staircase . you , you can point out what other hours you prefer , and in this respect your wishes will be complied with . ” year to no purpose ! ” cried dantès . to do so ; the morning air has made me hungry . ” , that you are not a fool , and that you knew very well , although coming from gascony , that people do not tread upon handkerchiefs without a reason . seized the gun by its muzzle , in order to strike raoul on the head with the butt . better taste than my father ’ s demeanor , madame , ” said albert ; “ nay , more , he seemed greatly flattered at two or three compliments	103.70062255859375
which the count very skilfully and agreeably paid him with as much ease as if he had known him these thirty years . clock had not died away when germain announced , “ his excellency the count of monte <unk> ” the involuntary start everyone gave proved how much morcerf ’ s narrative had impressed them , and albert himself could not wholly refrain from <unk> sudden emotion . of <unk> what great and mysterious purpose has it pleased heaven to <unk> the man once so elevated , and raise up him who was so <unk> ? ” probable that i may not be able to remain here . ” understanding , wisely deemed that the supper table would be the most complete and satisfactory point of <unk>	364.5045471191406
, and at the moment when his friends , in deference to his <unk> and sobriety , dared scarcely speak of some of their former good dinners , he was the first to propose that they should all <unk> around some well spread table and abandon themselves unreservedly to their own natural character and <unk> freedom which had formerly contributed so much to that good understanding between them which gave them the name of the inseparables . watch ! ” said rochefort , “ it takes you , my dear countess , to perform such miracles ! ” that already , ” said the private secretary , smiling and shaking hands with him . ” begging him to give up his chamber , which is the handsomest in	156.33050537109375
the hôtel , and to be satisfied with a pretty little room on the third floor ; but to this monsieur porthos replied that as he every moment expected his mistress , who was one of the greatest ladies in the court , i might easily comprehend that the chamber he did me the honor to occupy in my house was itself very mean for the visit of such a personage . dear , you forget that these gentlemen are not <unk> into my family affairs like yourself . he said , “ it seems , my dear friend , that something vexes you ; you are ill , perhaps ? and you ? ” curtain , watched the departure he had been waiting for . cried ,	77.87566375732422
“ are the prisoners still there ? ” the englishman , “ is it you , my master ? in a tone of such humility , such earnest repentance , that gondy placed his hand upon him and gave him his benediction with all the <unk> of which he was capable . fellow d ’ artagnan ? ” will not allow you to do so . ; another man on horseback was galloping on that side . is a cask ! ” said the host , aside . the gascon , “ that is all well , i accept for porthos and myself <unk> and compliments ; we have plenty of time to spare . ” already done us more honor than simple gentlemen could ever aspire to	80.05789184570312
, therefore gratitude is on our side . box ; that will be the simplest plan . ” of his doublet , seeing which , porthos unfastened his entirely . if in reply to his words , a man lying on a <unk> of <unk> rose and advanced a few steps toward him . only one of them for the time being . ” , ” continued aramis , who , seeing his captain become appeased , ventured to risk a prayer , “ do not say that athos is wounded . ‘ no revenge , ’ you will please to recollect . ” his self-control , was visibly affected , and when monte cristo touched his hand , he felt it tremble . ? ” athos ,	86.98696899414062
“ a wager ! ” if he were conquered , and see that friendship changed into hate if you were <unk> . ? ” cried château-renaud ; “ life is not worth speaking of ! —that is rather too philosophical , on my word , morrel . ” said porthos to himself ; “ i am <unk> caught ! ” for you ? ” asked athos . the little village of festubert , where the wounded servant was , and then skirted the wood of <unk> . for you , m. bertuccio , ” said he ; “ i am desirous of having an estate by the <unk> in <unk> instance , between le <unk> and boulogne . we shall go down into the court . ” in	69.20677185058594
the midst of the most profound silence read : ? ” asked monte cristo . d ’ artagnan , “ who will attend you in your campaigns ? ” ” , ” repeated peppino . i expected nothing less from the justice of your majesty . made this passage ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ and spur for your dear lives ! ” his coming into and going out of the <unk> the night when he introduced himself in the character of an italian fortune <unk> will tell him , that he may not doubt the <unk> of my information ; that he had under his cloak a large white robe dotted with black tears , death ’ s heads , and <unk> in case of a	72.91290283203125
surprise , he was to pass for the phantom of the white lady who , as all the world knows , appears at the louvre every time any great event is <unk> . ” athos ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . i am in fault i will avow the error . ” dragged monte cristo ; who , ignorant of what had happened , followed him in astonishment , foreseeing some new catastrophe . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ for myself . wrong ? ” said athos . shudder ran through his body . dreams are ; i therefore purchased immediately as many shares as i could of the haitian debt , and i gained 400,000 francs by it , of which 100,000 have been	110.22279357910156
honestly paid to you . ” three paces , and beheld his child <unk> doubt <unk> the sofa . of mutual distress , i send you half my purse ; it is money to obtain which i made mazarin sweat . he , “ let us go to valentine ; i will give instructions to everyone , and you , m. de villefort , will yourself see that no one <unk> from them . ” hope . said the count , in the same tone in which he would have given an order to his servant . and appeal to your penetration . him the last three or four days . ” . succeeded in approaching several times the beautiful and proud anne of austria , and in	87.75253295898438
making himself loved by dazzling her . ’ artagnan remarked also that not one countenance responded to the <unk> of porthos . thing ; i shall be brought home . ” so much firmness in the look which gave this answer , no one could , at any rate , doubt his will , if they did his power . ; he was a foundling . ” , to ascertain , doubtless , that neither his companions nor himself had been watched , and , in spite of the darkness , he perceived gondy . , he who had spoken second , was ten paces in front of his companion . to find with this arrangement ; on the contrary , it seemed to be a delicate attention	99.71630859375
, to be gratefully received ; d ’ artagnan , therefore , thanked the man and gave him a crown piece to drink to general cromwell ’ s health . eyes had the appearance of being ready to start from their sockets ; his head fell back , and the lower extremities of the body began to <unk> . , they are not ! ” say that the gentleman was right ; that he intended to be civil , in his way , and that they would set the example of liberty of conscience , —and the mob retired . of these trees , reclining on cushions , sat my father ; my mother was at his feet , and i , childlike , amused myself by playing	115.43782806396484
with his long white beard which descended to his girdle , or with the <unk> of the scimitar attached to his girdle . the cardinal ; but don ’ t trouble yourself whence they come , think only that one of the three is your property . ” already been lifted , with a <unk> without parallel , and not one of the victims had dared to say a word , when some fool of a fellow , less patient than the others , took it into his head to cry out , ‘ guard ! ’ and drew upon us a patrol of archers . that ’ s it , is it ? ” said noirtier ; “ and why , then , have they not laid	101.36744689941406
hands on him ? ” he even a mercer , when he had talked for ten minutes with cardinal richelieu , is no longer the same man . do , maltese ? ” asked the captain . , to ask your advice . ” you , count , ” said he , bowing , “ that i have received a letter of advice from thomson & french , of rome . ” know if the persons you see there are rich or poor , if their <unk> of <unk> are not rubies or diamonds ? , at home ? ” de buckingham is in france , ” replied aramis , with a significant smile which gave to this sentence , apparently so simple , a tolerably scandalous meaning	53.65019226074219
. was given to <unk> , breathless , <unk> ; we thought it dead . ” aramis ; “ the devil ! sake , porthos my friend , reserve your feats of strength , or they will not have , when needed , the honor they deserve . ’ artagnan , “ i can manage so that her majesty will receive me well ; i know an excellent method . ” <unk> ” they put the stone back in its place ; the abbé sprinkled a little dust over it to conceal the traces of its having been removed , rubbed his foot well on it to make it assume the same appearance as the other , and then , going towards his bed , he removed it	113.37500762939453
from the spot it stood in . i swear to you , by my hopes of salvation , i will tell you all , for the abbé busoni himself only knew a part of my secret ; but , i pray you , go away from that <unk> . <unk> albert had detected beneath their coquettish disguise was touched by his gallantry ; for , as the carriage of the two friends passed her , she threw a bunch of violets . ; <unk> <unk> gray than blue ; and for the rest , stiff and proud . ” ! ” said he , “ come here : so thou hast changed thy trade ; thou art no longer a choir boy nor a tavern boy ; thou	138.1910400390625
hast become a horse <unk> ? ” say to her ? ” as may plainly be perceived , already sacrificing , in intention , the poor girl in order to obtain milady , <unk> . and he fired two pistols . <unk> the flying <unk> ’ it was time ; the <unk> was on us , and the vessel began to heel . and resumed his usual calm manner , at the same time casting his eyes down , either to give himself time to compose his countenance , or to assist his imagination , all the while giving an <unk> at the count , the <unk> smile on whose lips still announced the same polite curiosity . up before her , gazed upon her with that filial	106.90038299560547
affection which is so tender and <unk> with children whose <unk> are still young and handsome . to present to you m. franz d ’ épinay , a delightful travelling companion , with whom i made the tour of italy . , she was there , ” replied milady ; “ but the queen has obtained an order from the king by means of which she has been conveyed to a convent . ” party came in sight of la réserve , m. morrel descended and came forth to meet it , followed by the soldiers and sailors there assembled , to whom he had repeated the promise already given , that dantès should be the successor to the late captain leclere . a letter , monsieur ,	87.02862548828125
” replied planchet ; “ but one has come of itself . ” danglars , “ but i confess i didn ’ t quite comprehend its meaning . ” , and one who was a greek . villefort , ” replied the doctor , with a tone which redoubled the terror of the young man , “ i have not led you here to console you ; on the <unk> ” she would return to me through the grating of the door a minute after she had received it , ” replied felton . at five o ’ clock in the afternoon , thanks to you , she escaped . ” a moment the idea of keeping it , but i knew that at paris there was an	33.62357711791992
asylum where they receive such creatures . ! _ for shame ! do this evening ? ” , ” said the tutor . wood d ’ artagnan perceived the road that had been described to him , and at the end of the road he saw the towers of an immense feudal castle . way through the <unk> windings and narrow alleys of the city and ere long they had reached the house in question . one mind in contending against the tyranny of charles and his adherents . de monte cristo is our enemy ? ” replied mercédès , becoming paler than the sheet which covered her . the smell of the roasted kid was very <unk> , and your <unk> are not very ceremonious . .	107.31278991699219
” majesty will make him come here , will interrogate him yourself , <unk> , without witnesses , and that i shall see your majesty as soon as you have seen the duke . ” , and , leaning over him with a calm and melancholy look , he whispered , “ i <unk> <unk> ” athos , whose great courage alone supported him , sank upon his knee . . d ’ artagnan , in the ear of athos , “ you are going to get us all killed without mercy . ” concern the home but the financial department . haydée , her eyes <unk> with rage ; “ he sold my father to the turks , and the fortune he <unk> of was the price	66.74581146240234
of his treachery ! worse off in a week . ” are concerned , i see but one point in which you are really guilty . she , “ do you want a notary , dear grandpapa ? ” the old man again signified that it was a notary he desired . on the contrary , you will give me great pleasure . s the dream ? ” said the swiss . maximilian , see the power you have over me , you almost make me believe you ; and yet , what you tell me is madness , for my father will curse <unk> is <unk> will never pardon me . had so eagerly and impatiently waited with open eyes , again dawned . proposed for the	85.58488464355469
<unk> . ” replace the comte de la fere . ” perfectly <unk> a complexion ! it is . ” the duke , in a dying voice , “ laporte , do you come from her ? ” time , ” said he , “ these persons will depart richer by fifty piastres each , to go and risk their lives again by endeavoring to gain fifty more ; then they will return with a fortune of six hundred francs , and waste this treasure in some city with the pride of <unk> and the insolence of <unk> . assembled answers to the name of edmond dantès ? ” us talk it over . ” of a <unk> , a kingdom , and an empire ? ” albert	80.99510192871094
cast his eyes on the passport , then raised them in astonishment to beauchamp . the <unk> ornament , ” said beauchamp , drinking off a glass of champagne . failed in his career , but circumstances had been <unk> to him . that as i did not then know his eminence , if i had been able to dispense with the visit , i should have been enchanted . ” the increase of torture which your visits cause me ? ” , i foresee that we must give battle to london , to the provinces , to all england , and certainly in the end we can ’ t fail to be beaten . ” i believe , to be guided in the adventurous career you have	80.2507553100586
undertaken ; for , if i mistake not , you came to paris with the ambitious idea of making your fortune . ” and do for me what i am unable to do for myself . ” service ! ” said the gentleman . ” said milady . ” exclaimed athos , “ let us not lose an instant , but set off . ” <unk> , and had assumed the form of a brigand instead of a serpent , and this look from teresa showed to him that she was a worthy daughter of eve , and he returned to the forest , <unk> several times on his way , under the pretext of saluting his <unk> . the king . ” , who has just left	45.91035461425781
his study . ” your eminence . not hesitate ; god forbid ! felton , covering that hand with his kisses . furniture was at once appropriate for a prisoner or a free man ; and yet bars at the windows and outside bolts at the door decided the question in favor of the prison . sorts of <unk> . ambition . ” with emotion into the count ’ s arms . be the use of all i have suffered ? , your clothes , are not then hired ? , let me now seek the antidote . ” , <unk> it were not my <unk> i should come one day , pale as a spectre , and say to you , ‘ assassin , you have killed	109.8093032836914
my child ! ’ <unk> that should happen , although i am a christian , m. d ’ avrigny , i should kill myself . ” <unk> language which d ’ artagnan could not understand ; but by the accent the young man plainly saw that the beautiful englishwoman was in a great rage . , ” said aramis , coloring ; “ and who affirmed , as i said , that he had received orders from his master or mistress to place the horse in my stable , without informing me whence it came . ” fine , <unk> natures which <unk> themselves easily to the <unk> of others . elapsed in these <unk> , and edmond had become as skilful a <unk> as he had been	106.0500717163086
a <unk> seaman ; he had formed an acquaintance with all the smugglers on the coast , and learned all the <unk> signs by which these half pirates recognize each other . the count , “ you asked me during the journey to allow you to remain some days at marseilles . club is rather a bore to the police . exclaimed everyone . i have encountered here ? ” , know in what manner fernand injured dantès ? ” inquired the abbé of caderousse . , you , who have had the courage to witness the death of two old men and a young girl murdered by you ? ” you would inspire me with pity , were you not hateful in my eyes . ” bed	98.1424560546875
, and looked around for anything with which he could pierce the wall , penetrate the moist cement , and <unk> a stone . winter , “ it appears to me like a bar of red color . ” aramis , “ shall we not be suspected by colonel harrison ? ” uttered one word the whole of this time . no trouble to spend that ; and i am like you , i want capital . ” side , losing its footing , and fell , <unk> raoul ’ s leg under its body . , struck right and left and was almost delirious with excitement . for me to meet the count of monte cristo at your house . , it must be understood that m.	81.622802734375
noirtier , who never cared for the opinion of his son on any subject , had always omitted to explain the affair to villefort , so that he had all his life entertained the belief that general de quesnel , or the baron d ’ épinay , as he was alternately styled , according as the speaker wished to identify him by his own family name , or by the title which had been conferred on him , fell the victim of assassination , and not that he was killed fairly in a duel . your cardinal ? my turn , and i shall not be sorry for him to be able to let me enjoy the same advantages with which you gratify your master . ” ”	105.45317840576172
you , dantès ? ” cried the man in the skiff . s silence . me to know whether i also suit you ? ” , the <unk> , was born at marseilles in <unk> . to the rescue of the crest-fallen minister , instead of aiding to crush him . holy things , my friend . ” ” said d ’ artagnan . beseech you , <unk> us strive to be cheerful . ” say is too long , and above all , too secret . ” my dearest friends . ” ” work by the abbé faria upon the kingdoms of italy . hand in reply , as he had done eleven years before on the staircase leading to morrel ’ s study . us faces	54.13412857055664
of different officers in the royal army ; is not that the duc de chatillon himself coming toward us with his <unk> ? ” , that the examination shall take place as soon as possible , and i will furnish the house with all necessary information . ” of athos would render him more open to conviction than a less able man would be . , ” said a voice which the prisoner recognized as that of felton . said the count . the sound of that voice he turned pale , and was , as it were , petrified . the <unk> , or st. <unk> countries , where the point of honor is better understood than among our hot-headed parisians . , when the greek government	106.00214385986328
was <unk> , he asked of king <unk> a mining grant for that district , which was given him . sir , it was expressly forbidden ; but they <unk> the vigilance of the guards , and made a passage from one dungeon to the other . ” , dear aramis , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ tell me how the devil you managed to alight upon the back of planchet ’ s horse . ” the baroness , “ do you leave m. cavalcanti with your daughter ? ” minutes they perceived the carriage drawn up by the roadside ; a cavalier , richly dressed , was close to the door . d ’ artagnan ; and taking out his handkerchief , he gagged him	60.33605194091797
. devil ! ” cried athos ; “ nothing escapes him . ” ’ s instinct , guessed that morrel would be monte cristo ’ s second , and from the young man ’ s well-known courage and his great affection for the count , she feared that he would not content himself with the passive part assigned to him . asked grimaud . are , madame , ” said villefort , whose pale cheeks became slightly flushed as he gave her the assurance . was discovered today , covered with blood , and with a hole over the <unk> ” the ladies screamed , and two or three prepared to faint . time raised his head , looked at benedetto as if he had been gazing at	69.66590118408203
the head of medusa , and became livid . on a chair , starting at the least noise , for toward midnight the lamp went out , and i was again in darkness . <unk> , touching his shoulder with his finger , “ are you a man again , maximilian ? ” to perfect health , was tasting the fine fruit which madame de longueville had sent to him . the most sublime genius that ever <unk> the <unk> of france . no , you must not groan , you must tremble ! ” ” said debray . was visibly gaining ground ; but the horse and its rider , of whom he did not lose sight , were evidently sinking . doubting if he really saw	100.71451568603516
before him athos and aramis ; and forced at last to yield to evidence , he was on the point of breaking forth in exclamations when he encountered a glance from the eyes of porthos , the <unk> force of which he was not inclined to dispute . am i ? ” the court of that chateau which his predecessor had built for him at rueil ; as he alighted , comminges approached him . fine-looking man ? ” mademoiselle , ” said milady ; “ i don ’ t like comments . ” thanks ! dear maximilian , do not make a hasty resolution , i entreat you . ” quitted naples , captain leclere was attacked with a brain fever . that piercing glance which reads	119.35589599609375
the secrets of the heart . ” gave you the preference . louis xviii. , “ was there not a marriage engagement between you and mademoiselle de saint-méran ? ” the noise of wheels was heard , and the carriage stopped at the door . reflected a little , and wrote the following lines , which he immediately submitted to the approbation of his friends . king should deign to stand godfather to the son of madame de longueville . ” it . , ” replied the stranger . bed . king and the princes , ” added athos . porthos , “ what are we to do ? ” , which sounded like the sob of a broken heart , and leaning from the coach he called	39.52317810058594
out , “ good-bye , <unk> shall soon meet again ! ” then the vehicle disappeared round one of the turnings of fort saint <unk> . ! right . ” and obeyed . ” said aramis , “ truly you are a great man . ” ” said the count , “ your invitation is most gracious , and i regret exceedingly that it is not in my power to accept it . he said , “ might have <unk> with your attendants ; the honor bestowed on me is too great for me to be <unk> of it . ” me start when you said the other day , at m. de morcerf ’ s , that <unk> thomson & french were your bankers . gun by	55.8282356262207
the barrel , and used it as he would a club . as a woman could resist four men . servant of the count ’ s to dare to dispute an order of his , so the steward , without saying a word , followed his master , who got into the carriage , and signed to him to follow , which he did , taking his place respectfully on the front seat . immediately call on m. danglars , and tell him that my mother and myself must leave paris tomorrow . ? ” running through the streets and knocking at doors , aramis had joined his companions ; so that on returning home d ’ artagnan found the <unk> complete . ; “ only ten days	102.28224182128906
after the flight of her daughter , and three days from the bankruptcy of her husband ? ” justice by sending her to tyburn , ” said buckingham . had each our mission , ” said porthos ; “ mine was to guard you and i am doing so . ; these places are bought . . ; break off their acquaintance . mme . and the gracchi , <unk> and out at elbows , with one hand resting on the hip and the other gracefully <unk> above the head , stared at the traveller , the post-chaise , and the horses ; to these were added about fifty little <unk> from the <unk> states , who earned a <unk> by <unk> into the tiber at high water	158.84725952148438
from the bridge of st. angelo . home again , raoul , ” said the comte . heard on leaving my prison fourteen years after i had entered it ; and that is why , on account of the living mercédès and my deceased father , i have sworn to revenge myself on fernand , <unk> have revenged myself . ” ” thought d ’ artagnan . it would not be astonishing . ” the honors of the sack . ” , and passed different companies on the road , they became aware that they were arriving near the field of battle . box , told her not to open it except in london . ” friendly salute as d ’ artagnan . , planchet , ” said	84.02582550048828
d ’ artagnan in a whisper to him , “ or he will not arrive alive ; the lungs are attacked , my friend . ” , when he drew from his pocket a book closed with a lock , and opened it with a key which he wore round his neck , and which never left him . the strange expression of his countenance ; they were so happy that they were conscious only of the sunshine and the presence of each other . these doubts and wishes , when the patron , who had great confidence in him , and was very desirous of retaining him in his service , took him by the arm one evening and led him to a tavern on the via	71.27542114257812
del ’ <unk> , where the leading smugglers of leghorn used to <unk> and discuss affairs connected with their trade . a seat , ” said d ’ artagnan , pushing a chair toward mordaunt , who sat down , pale but calm . the apartment of aramis . t know those walls ; they are sixty feet high and i doubt if monsieur de beaufort is sufficiently weary of life to risk his neck by jumping off . ” was told , with the impertinence peculiar to hired <unk> and innkeepers with their houses full , that there was no room for him at the hôtel de londres . hear ? ” said villefort , while d ’ avrigny advanced to lead morrel out . they had	138.02915954589844
done the first , laid him on their bed and bound him with the <unk> which composed the <unk> bedstead being of oak . staircase with twenty steps . ” cried d ’ artagnan . to love , my lord . greatness of soul , porthos his enthusiasm , aramis his elegance . they are always the same . ” ” murmured the voice ; “ at that age he can not be a traitor . ” but to submit , and left the office to despatch a courier to morcerf . the abbé adelmonte . cried the affrighted mme . have the honor of charging you , ” replied aramis , lifting his hat with one hand and drawing his sword with the other . a cardinal	74.52828216552734
. fox a genius , athos ? ” asked the gascon . right to endeavor to find her . ? ” cried rochefort . , ” replied athos , “ am looking with admiration . ” baptistin , as if that name sufficed for his excuse . last trace of the preceding night ; and then supper , sinbad , hashish , statues , —all became a dream for franz . and drank <unk> of the <unk> that had lodged in a hollow of the rock . his pocket and passing his fingers over the largest teeth , pronounced this one word , “ pointed . ” athos to himself , “ is it indeed possible that i hear what i hear and that i see what i	89.01924133300781
see ? <unk> , ” returned franz ; “ go and try . ” only woman he could have loved was mme . clasping his hands together , exclaimed : and do you speak seriously ? ” asked louvieres . coward , ” murmured d ’ artagnan ; “ but <unk> was very beautiful . ” , say to him what you have said to me , but do not breathe a word of this letter . ” to auteuil ? ” added he . that dilated her inflamed eyes . invalid , wrote a prescription , ordered villefort to take a cabriolet , go in person to a chemist ’ s to get the prescribed medicine , bring it himself , and wait for him in his	69.08767700195312
daughter ’ s room . exclaimed , “ i begin to be more at my ease , however , whilst you settle yourselves , i shall make the round of the boat . ” more than me , ” said the cardinal . in the prisoner ’ s room , a gag in his mouth and a poniard near him . ” , i was able for one instant to be alone with you . , raoul , ” said the gascon ; “ for if he ’ s a coward he will disgrace thee some day . ” of ‘ the great , ’ as you well know . ” such hour as i have just passed . ” good , you are great , my lord	49.25566482543945
! ” said haydée , kissing the count ’ s hand , “ and i am very fortunate in belonging to such a master ! ” commander , it is my duty to <unk> ” and springing backward , he broke his sword across his knee to avoid the necessity of <unk> it , threw the pieces over the convent wall , and crossed his arms , whistling a cardinalist air . visitors and inquiring friends who left their names at the residence of madame de villefort , with the design of renewing their visit at the right moment , of hearing from her lips all the interesting circumstances of this most <unk> adventure . he ; “ is that you ? almost <unk> form , which looks	97.16724395751953
as though it had been thrust up by <unk> force from the depth to the surface of the ocean . lord , i am listening . ” , under the prince , count . ” , ” said mazarin ; “ go ! ” the feelings of compassion that were rising , composed his features , and sat down , <unk> and sombre , at his desk . , i am already too rich ; and , perhaps , when they have taken it , they will leave me in peace and <unk> . was made , the witnesses were brought , it was approved by the old man , sealed in the presence of all and given in charge to m. deschamps , the family notary .	64.8787841796875
, indeed . excellency of an innkeeper from nîmes who had set up a little tavern on the road from bellegarde to beaucaire . ” cried she , wiping away her tears , and resuming her firmness , “ i am resolved not to die of remorse , but rather of shame . the prince to his eminence . ” as high birth as the emperor and who inherits one estate which gives him the title of comte , what is he to do with all those <unk> comte de la fere , comte de bragelonne ? ” must try to take him alive . my dear edmond , ” continued the owner , “ don ’ t let me detain you . answered d ’ artagnan .	63.98974609375
choir and behind the gratings opening into the convent was assembled the whole <unk> of the carmelites , who listened to the divine service , and mingled their <unk> with the <unk> of the priests , without seeing the <unk> , or being seen by them . dear friend . ” refuse , my son ? ” inquired the old man . you can , florentin . d ’ artagnan , “ let us give the money to the lackeys , as lord de winter desired us to do . ” in , if you please . ” paces from them the prince turned around to the soldiers : ‘ comrades , ’ he said , ‘ you are about to suffer a furious discharge ; but after	53.35063171386719
that you will make short work with those <unk> ’ there was such dead silence that friends and enemies could have heard these words ; then raising his sword , ‘ sound trumpets ! ’ he cried . ” it . , then , to send the money to luigi vampa ? ” asked the young man , looking fixedly in his turn at the count . dantès left at porto-ferrajo . ” , everybody is discontented , everybody <unk> , but ‘ everybody ’ means ‘ nobody . ’ ” drew his sword , and sprang upon d ’ artagnan ; but he had too strong an adversary . the old man ’ s look , with eagerness . . ” which the bandit had been saved	84.13603973388672
by the two young peasants , he had been enamoured of teresa , and had sworn she should be his . told me that those people were assembled there for some bad purpose ; and i was reflecting on what my instinct had told me , in the darkest corner of the stable , when a man wrapped in a cloak and followed by two other men , came in . ” clock when they arrived . take place at seven o ’ clock ; there was therefore three-quarters of an hour to wait . ” replied julie with hesitation ; “ what is your pleasure ? ” replied the bandit , “ you are as free as air . ” companion on the journey , sir ,	59.20054244995117
” cried raoul . she exclaimed , “ let him come in . ” that question . act wisely in so doing , ” said the priest . quite what i mean to ask you , aramis , ” replied athos . causes : , it is a prisoner , the noise i make will alarm him , he will cease , and not begin again until he thinks everyone is asleep . ” said the man . the door , where aramis pronounced his benediction upon him , and passing through the <unk> , filled with soldiers , jumped into his carriage and drove to the bishop ’ s palace . the abbé busoni ; and abbés who give diamonds worth two thousand louis are rare .	84.87020111083984
” more . that will lead you , if i mistake not , to the place de <unk> . reply that i desire , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ the only one worthy of you and of me ! ” as he passed into the courtyard he stopped near a lamp and dived eagerly into the bag of money . are you taking me ? ” while up and down the hut , and then , suddenly stopping before mercédès , with his eyes glowing and his hands clenched , — “ say , mercédès , ” he said , “ once for all , is this your final determination ? ” for you outside ? ” tell me of that , aramis . ” by	81.31214904785156
the impulse of my best feelings produced the same effect as though it had been the result of calculation . as <unk> and dine with me ; we shall be a small <unk> yourself , my mother , and i . ” the duke , “ give me the pie ! ” was opened , and having questioned the servant the officer learned that master broussel was at home and at dinner . himself in a good situation to see all the details . by the rue <unk> , and advanced to the <unk> ; it was the point where he had embarked . done you in betraying ali tepelini ? ” to be summoned , but he had disappeared . ! ” cried the executioner , “	58.71668243408203
i think i am dying . single instant that we are watching over your safety ; observe the smallest gesture , the least bit of song , the least sign from any one near you ; watch everything , hear everything , <unk> everything . ” . must provide for everything ) , i shall try to gain the coast of france . other , my lord , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ and let us make things clear beforehand in order that there may be no mistake . ” asked she . out several voices , deceived by the blue ribbon and chestnut horse of winter ; “ take him alive . ” in order that he might be appointed to the post he <unk>	98.1889877319336
held . will come , thank god ! lied twice , monsieur , for i saw it fall . ” you wish to know his name , i will tell it , —he is named villefort . ” , ” said the captain , “ conduct him to his bed . ” rendezvous of the great world and all paris went there . go ! ” said she to her brother ; “ the effects <unk> drawing near , on the contrary ; but you , weak fool , will not see them until it is too late to <unk> them . ” should like to smoke . ” ” he said , “ i hope you don ’ t mean to desert your master ? ” sad	57.476402282714844
that she did not even notice milady ’ s condescension . the crowd , which had flowed in from the adjacent street was still greater ; like an impetuous mob , a wave of human beings came to meet the carriage and rolled <unk> into the rue saint honore . three months , ” said penelon . fiercely as they made their demand , and the red light of the fire made them look like demons . remark shows , a man full of <unk> , and in every way fit for his office . , it is the same ; and your majesty has a good memory . ” , and not give the devil the wicked delight of sending him a <unk> ” a shout of	133.53770446777344
laughter followed this brutal jest . have been in prison , and that from the conversation of monsieur the <unk> amiable man . ” i will . ” to do with that woman ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , with anguish . i will obey you , although i do not understand you . ” said . i see , ” said the cardinal ; “ we must be discreet with this sort of letters ; but nevertheless , we may show them to a confessor , and you know i have taken orders . ” ? and stood before the procureur , whose hands she wrung in her feeble grasp . ; there is but one . ” athos , “ we were always dry .	43.18168258666992
” <unk> ! ” such an idea ? ” ? eyes shot glances of fire . ” said mazarin , “ you are worth your weight in gold . ” to be prime minister and her majesty ’ s favorite , if he will grant to me and my friends what we demand for france and for ourselves . ” paris , we shall still have four hundred , besides the harnesses , ” said porthos . of that poor de winter , for whom he seemed to have a great regard ; we will tell him that we have come as <unk> to see what is going on ; we will spend with him a <unk> each per day ; and i think that by taking all	65.87031555175781
these precautions we can be quite undisturbed . ” ” said the abbé , as , opening his ragged vestments , he showed dantès a long , sharp <unk> , with a small <unk> eye for the thread , a small portion of which still remained in it . can assure you of one thing , —the more men you see die , the easier it becomes to die yourself ; and in my opinion , death may be a torture , but it is not an expiation . ” say that he is shocked and astonished that m. de villefort , who appeared to be aware of all the circumstances detailed this morning , should not have anticipated him in this announcement . ” . ” longer	94.82688903808594
any such thing , in italy as being condemned to the galleys ? ” replied porthos , in the same manner . a foot of this granite wall , as impenetrable as <unk> , without strict scrutiny ; he did not see a <unk> without introducing the blade of his hunting sword into it , or a projecting point on which he did not lean and press in the hopes it would give way . reflected that for a lad of intelligence and experience he was in a singular <unk> , since he was proceeding toward uncertainty and leaving certainty behind him . him as a clerk in some ship , and without letting him know anything of my plan , to convey him some morning on board	183.44354248046875
; by this means his future treatment would depend upon his own conduct . who are you ? ” asked the englishman . i shall be unhappy ? ” . , and went into a room in which the host said they would not be disturbed . left alone ? ” lens had fallen into the hands of the enemy immediately after raoul ’ s departure . tréville , and permitted him to distribute <unk> for four days , on condition that the favored parties should not appear in any public place , under penalty of the bastille . with a false excuse ! irreproachable , in an age in which soldiers compromised so easily with their religion and their consciences , lovers with the rigorous delicacy of	141.46786499023438
our <unk> , and the poor with god ’ s seventh <unk> . am your <unk> me as such . ” us , my mother and me , to the merchant , el-kobbir ! from each other , albert and the count stopped . ” cried the duke . steps to meet him , and then stopped , cold , severe , unmoved , with her lower lip <unk> <unk> . he placed the armchair on the floor and rapidly rolled it into valentine ’ s room . ; but , as you have said , two that are a match for twenty , ” said athos . ? ” a ready bond of union . ” to help , and as she appeared to be oppressed by	67.67051696777344
her clothes , he ripped them open with his poniard , and in so doing laid bare her shoulder . m. de tréville , calling him back . <unk> the troops summoned by the prince arrived in successive <unk> . ” muttered la carconte when left alone ; “ it is a large sum of money , but it is not a fortune . ” , will you tell me ? ” each other . the handkerchief tied at each corner , whilst d ’ artagnan , ever cautious , remained on horseback , one hand upon his pistol , leaning forward <unk> . am shut up alone here . ” ” said porthos , “ let us say no more upon the subject , i beg of	75.38738250732422
you . de morcerf as the officer , fernand mondego ? ’ — ‘ indeed i do ! ’ cried haydée . , and distributed the crusts without soup to the impatient clerks . said andrea , while dressing himself , “ i ’ ll wait till he leaves , and then i ’ ll slip away . ” , my travelling friend , do we ? ” cried the countess , extending her hand to him with all the warmth and cordiality of an old acquaintance ; “ it was really very good of you to recognize me so quickly , and still more so to bestow your first visit on me . ” of a lamp , similar to that which lighted the columbarium , albert	85.25300598144531
was to be seen wrapped up in a cloak which one of the bandits had lent him , lying in a corner in profound slumber . mother , as a child , saw her . cardinal spada ’ s secretary ; i was arrested , why , i know not , toward the beginning of the year 1811 ; since then i have demanded my liberty from the italian and french government . ” he is alone it will help us if he will knock on the floor , for then i can continue my work in safety . pavilion faced the street ; three other windows looked into the court , and two at the back into the garden . buckingham because he twice refused you yourself	128.1839141845703
to appoint me captain ; i have punished him for his injustice , that is all . ” dismount , but it was too late ; i descended into the arms of the archers . know yet . ” <unk> were <unk> ; he had changed his prison for another that was <unk> him he knew not whither . needless quarrel you seek with me , as it seems to me . ” continued villefort . ” said mazarin , uneasily . mme . letter to him , and tell him to sell out without an instant ’ s delay , perhaps even now i shall arrive too late . ” fire , ” ejaculated mordaunt ; “ i have lighted it . ” ’ s <unk> of	75.18907165527344
his seat , —who knew but that , thus <unk> placed , he might not in truth attract the notice of some fair roman , and an introduction might ensue that would procure him the offer of a seat in a carriage , or a place in a princely balcony , from which he might behold the <unk> of the carnival ? monsieur d ’ herblay can procure the key , is the best that we can have , ” was the answer . cried i . believe that it was apoplexy , ” said beauchamp . be taken out of prison ; madame bonacieux was released . monsieur d ’ artagnan this stranger meant to quarrel ? ” not been mistaken , and i thank you that	114.84706115722656
there is still one man in france of whom may be said , without disappointment , what i have said of you . ” say to the people ? ” bowed to the five young men with a melancholy and dignified smile , and got into his carriage with maximilian and emmanuel . like it in the <unk> of the <unk> <unk> , whose book will sooner or later be burned by the hands of the executioner . year dantès was a new man . then , ” she said . , please . ” coming into lilliers . ” made a mistake , monsieur , that i had arrested the wrong person , and that he whom i ought to have arrested had escaped . ” you	65.7883529663086
belong to the house , and in a fit of passion might run his sword through you or blow out your brains . ” morning ’ s walk he collected two or three small branches from a tree and found a small piece of broken glass , a discovery that quite delighted him . did so at caderousse ’ s ideas . on my honor . ” speak before his excellency , ” said he ; “ he is one of my friends . , making a sign to felton , who followed him , shutting the door after him . ” cried the same voice , impatiently whilst d ’ artagnan perceived that they had rushed to the horses ’ heads . places where we seem to	73.59175109863281
breathe sadness ? —why , we can not tell . all his leisure time to <unk> himself in the use of his precious weapon ; he purchased powder and ball , and everything served him for a <unk> trunk of some old and <unk> <unk> , that grew on the <unk> mountains ; the fox , as he quitted his earth on some <unk> excursion ; the eagle that <unk> above their heads : and thus he soon became so expert , that teresa overcame the terror she at first felt at the report , and amused herself by watching him direct the ball wherever he pleased , with as much accuracy as if he placed it by hand . entirely , sir ; but all that even	317.6683044433594
you know with respect to the french <unk> , i know , not only in reference to that <unk> , but as regards the codes of all nations . cried aramis , “ you have a magnificent horse there , porthos . ” the first time you ever took that journey ? ” ? ” comminges , “ i am the bearer of an order from the king . ” ? ” asked the young man . . ” ; when the time for action comes you shall be put in full possession of what i require from you ; wait till that time arrives and find out your friends . ” pale , and , seizing her son ’ s arm , drew him anxiously toward her	49.223018646240234
; but , once satisfied of his safety , she also cast a brief but expressive glance on the casket , which was not lost upon the count . landed at portsmouth . ” by a key which he took from his pocket , but with such shaking fingers that he could not find the keyhole . whole of <unk> , <unk> , plutarch , <unk> <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , dante , <unk> , shakespeare , <unk> , machiavelli , and <unk> . chances ; i will give you the signal . ” ; alas , nothing can alleviate so great a <unk> wound is too deep and too fresh ! in spite of all your diligence , you have arrived too late .	90.65382385253906
” tréville saw the queen almost daily , he might be able to draw from her majesty some intelligence of the poor young woman , whom they were doubtless making pay very dearly for her devotedness to her mistress . . ” ? ” said the queen . on . me , mademoiselle julie ? ” said he . of your looks . ” ten paces of the group formed by the five young men . athos , who had assumed the command of the expedition , “ while grimaud <unk> the table , let us begin by collecting the guns and cartridges together . right , m. procureur ; you must go farther back . ” s first visit ; he wished to display his authority .	80.85934448242188
” is made , mother , ” said the young man , affecting ease of mind . me , maximilian . agitated you seem ! ” and by seven o ’ clock in the morning he was at armentières . gondy only by report . own i am sorry to be obliged to give up the cart and the group of <unk> would have produced such an effect ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ yes ! sir ; i am only jealous in one thing , and that is that the relief i give should be entirely from my own resources . ” and struggle lasted about twenty seconds , then the count raised his pallid face . it was only when he felt his foot	71.95435333251953
touch the ground that he was satisfied of his safety . . to all the nobility . ” should not hesitate a moment ; i should take the hundred pistoles . , it is of little consequence . ” the palace with tears and groans , soon became known , and spread itself throughout the city . sir , for your heart is of such a generous nature that you can well understand all that has passed in mine . <unk> than his master ; so that for the sake of his master , he puts us all under his feet , and as he thinks we might refuse what he asked for , he takes all he wants without asking at all . ” honor . ”	88.7706298828125
every hit the man touched should quit the game , yielding his turn for the benefit of the adversary who had hit him . married , ” proceeded caderousse ; “ but although in the eyes of the world she appeared calm , she nearly fainted as she passed la réserve , where , eighteen months before , the betrothal had been celebrated with him whom she might have known she still loved , had she looked to the bottom of her heart . madame , that france , agitated and disturbed as it is , would be a safe retreat for a <unk> king ? attendant , and bade her inquire whether it would be agreeable to her mistress to receive his visit . signor aladdin ,	166.3256072998047
” replied the singular <unk> , “ you heard our repast announced , will you now take the trouble to enter the dining-room , your humble servant going first to show the way ? ” means of making him <unk> his decision ? ” been here that you are ignorant of all this ? ” monsieur , shall i saddle <unk> ? ” say ? ” me for , sir ? ” demanded he of the paralytic . it was not long before the cardinal came down . were good , they caught fish ; and so long as they sold their fish , they were able to buy <unk> for new nets . ace first he won ; if a king he lost . like my wine	105.20667266845703
? ” asked porthos ; “ it is pleasant , isn ’ t it ? ” the word of athos i can set out . ” , madame , ” said the officer , leaving the entrance open , and drawing himself up in an attitude of respect . great man , this hero , this <unk> , is attacked with a malady of the skin which <unk> him to death , <unk> ? ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i consent to bazin with all my heart , but grant me planchet . a coating of fat which preserves it from the cold air . ” . ” from the hands of the coadjutor , who heard the sound of his fingers counting and <unk> the	49.150203704833984
gold pieces . with an event that he could not at all comprehend . <unk> ” man that the guards , on seeing him depart , <unk> among themselves . in any way ? in a cordial manner to his young companion , and took leave of him . , and words of pity fell on dantès ’ listening ears , mingled with brutal laughter . d ’ artagnan ? ” of these gentlemen , could i leave my guest in the hands of a hideous bandit , as you term him ? to begin anew in my society and in that of porthos , the exploits of our youth ? ” valentine , “ the thing you desire begins with the letter <unk> ; it is with	89.19463348388672
<unk> that we have to do , then . , with two fingers spread out . porthos , whilst athos approached d ’ artagnan . look of the tailor the progress of his intoxication , and turning towards fernand , said , “ well , you understand there is no need to kill him . ” life , my honor , my reputation , in your hands ? ” the head , danglars signed to the count to be seated , pointing significantly to a gilded armchair , covered with white satin embroidered with gold . well that it was a double victory for the court , a victory at home and abroad ; so that even when the young king learned the news he exclaimed , “	75.44599914550781
ah , gentlemen of the parliament , we shall see what you will say now ! ” upon which the queen had pressed the royal child to her heart , whose haughty and unruly sentiments were in such harmony with her own . porthos . ” that ? the king ’ s service . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . dame , where a te deum was chanted . but i don ’ t much like it <unk> or roasted . ” that he belonged to the latter unhappy class , when planchet approached and said : <unk> tavern , and the host , who recognized him , was delighted to see him again with such a numerous and promising company . dear athos , confess	79.96708679199219
that you would not be so philosophical if your raoul were to be involved in this affair . ” thirst which can only be appeased in the grave ? lord wishes . ” in its pocket . tell me at once what you want , that i may see if any arrangement be possible . monsieur bertuccio , to walk alone here in the garden . ” said athos . had left its mark on grimaud . with earth , when the arm of the corsican was stretched towards me ; i saw a shadow rise , and , at the same time , a flash of light . you . ” and may this money profit you ! he went into the courtyard , seated himself on	82.33122253417969
a stone with his head bare and exposed to the <unk> sun . passed before any one could make himself heard . moreover , the young woman of whom i spoke , who is persecuted , no doubt , in consequence of some court intrigue . it would be all the better , ” replied athos . retreat was sounded . aramis and porthos inquired eagerly the cause of the strange interview ; but d ’ artagnan confined himself to telling them that m. de richelieu had sent for him to propose to him to enter into his guards with the rank of ensign , and that he had refused . fought for your glory and interests ? ” , always affected by <unk> display , looked on	97.18999481201172
with religious silence while the splendid procession accompanied to their last abode two of the number of the old <unk> greatest <unk> of <unk> and sincere <unk> to their principles . , too , ” said porthos , “ if d ’ artagnan <unk> of it . the shore , and they advanced a few paces to find a comfortable <unk> ; but , doubtless , the spot they chose did not suit the smuggler who filled the post of sentinel , for he cried out : , ” he said , “ i should go where he goes , and should assuredly find him again . , ” said monte cristo , laughing , “ control yourself ; we are not at <unk> or at <unk> .	93.27116394042969
half had gone by and no favorable change had taken place , and dantès began to fancy the inspector ’ s visit but a dream , an illusion of the brain . ” not to study , but to reflect ; and with the door locked and orders given that he should not be disturbed excepting for important business , he sat down in his armchair and began to ponder over the events , the remembrance of which had during the last eight days filled his mind with so many gloomy thoughts and bitter recollections . does it signify whether it was he or i ? it is to see a thing on which i have sometimes <unk> for hours together . ” a low tone , “	123.36917114257812
yes ; that is the haven . ” ordering the <unk> inquiries to be made respecting these two persons ; his orders were executed , and the following evening he received these details : disarmed , took two or three steps back , but in this movement his foot slipped and he fell backward . good dinner , he will confide his son to my care , i will promise to watch over him , i shall let him follow in whatever path his folly may lead him , and then i shall have done my part . ” them . virtuous , are you not , planchet ? ” lodged at rome ? ” said monte cristo smiling . eminence , although i possess not your wisdom	116.50554656982422
. too good . ” year , ” said porthos . drew a line , or in other words projected a street , at the farther side of the kitchen-garden . it was ascertained that , by a strange coincidence , this carriage contained the corpse of the marquis de saint-méran , and that those who had come thinking to attend one funeral would follow two . proof of that , it seems to me . ” own horse , nine against <unk> how <unk> formed an idea of <unk> yours . ” a gentleman . was drawn , and glittered in the air like lightning . my friend ’ s the worthy abbé adelmonte , who taught me the use of it . ” he arrived at	104.40208435058594
the end of the cord . he , “ you must change your clothes ; your servants , to whom i gave directions the moment they had left the ferryboat , ought to be already at the inn . however , steps were heard inside . alone was deprived of his office , being suspected of <unk> . to see the accused pale , agitated , and as though beaten out of all composure by the fire of my <unk> ” renée uttered a smothered exclamation . my dear father is ! ” to reform it ? ” , a silken robe , a lace <unk> , a pretty <unk> on the foot , a <unk> ribbon on the head do not make an ugly woman pretty ,	130.13609313964844
but they make a pretty woman beautiful , without reckoning the hands , which gain by all this ; the hands , among women particularly , to be beautiful must be idle . you ? ” ” and fork . better informed as to me and my possessions ere long . ” went down from the scaffold in his turn and took his way to the hotel , whistling the air of a song in praise of cromwell . , ” said he , “ to the louvre without losing an instant , and let us endeavor to see the king before he is prejudiced by the cardinal . you for the sacrifice , ” said aramis ; “ but if your body be not greatly benefited by	105.69754028320312
it , be assured your soul will . ” de winter her plan of conduct was more easy . mendicant his master made him a sign to retire , and he was obliged to obey . , made an effort to raise his head , and fell back again . duke , ” replied la ramee , in the <unk> of his heart ; “ i say what i think ; there is no compliment in what i say to you—— ” and monsieur and i will strive our best to forget your absence , ” replied the countess , with the same tone of deep feeling . any inn in the whole town where one can find white sheets , roast beef reasonably cooked , and wine	94.22480010986328
which is not made of <unk> and <unk> ? ” now , is to make my way into the jesuits ’ convent ; so to horse and let us knock at their door . should beat a retreat . die with me . army was <unk> , and that he should return by <unk> , <unk> , le <unk> , and nîmes ; and , if i had any money , he prayed me to leave it for him at nîmes , with an innkeeper with whom i had <unk> . ” me well enough to give me one of those sweet means of death of which we were speaking ; a death without agony , a death which allows me to <unk> away while pronouncing valentine ’	101.7525405883789
s name and pressing your hand . ” ” said athos , “ for we shall go to the <unk> , i presume . ” no , ” replied de winter . , and was soon at m. de tréville ’ s ; but instead of going into the saloon with the rest of the crowd , he asked to be introduced to m. de tréville ’ s office . for us , ” said athos . of blood sprang from the wound . delight , for the large handwriting of porthos was discernible , and underneath some lines traced by his worthy spouse . you my son or my brother i would refuse you in the same way . ” , my friend . ” send the	38.552425384521484
protestants of la rochelle the assistance i promised them ; i have not done so . ladder , when he found no more support for his feet , he clung with his hands ; at length , arrived at the last step , he let himself hang by the strength of his wrists , and touched the ground . and cellars below , had above the ground floor , two stories and <unk> . loaded carbine ; the traveller slowly raised it , and fired in the air . married ? ” ten minutes , a quarter of an hour , twenty minutes ; and seeing that m. de tréville did not return , went away very uneasy as to what was going to happen . ” resumed	84.4558334350586
villefort , “ that what he demands is impossible . ” mordaunt , in a tone of deep despair , “ my <unk> is sincere . ’ s sake , ” said she , “ you will live , will you not ? ” was not of a character to allow a man to escape him thus who had the insolence to ridicule him . cloak , in the folds of which his face was hidden , approached and leaned over the bed and looked . monte cristo , turning towards morrel , “ i may depend upon you , may i not ? ” continue this pace all night ? ” asked planchet . m. franz , and promise you the punishment shall not fall on him	48.36115646362305
. ” , ” continued monte cristo to morcerf , “ you are more fortunate than the government , for your arms are really beautiful , and speak to the imagination . therefore , he permitted his former host to retire without attempting a recognition , but fully promising himself a rich indemnity for his present forbearance should chance afford him another opportunity . of the ante-room myself and i saw you enter at the end of the corridor . ” she , “ we have been overheard ! if i had relaxed my hold for a moment , i should have fallen . d ’ artagnan ; “ i am fatigued with reading , and all this latin <unk> me . ” ; and if the fronde	89.23526000976562
knows that monseigneur has disappeared , how the fronde must triumph ! ” felton , ” said lord de winter . he sent by a messenger , for <unk> , who sold it to me for a <unk> . ” at this very moment extremely uneasy as to the state of affairs ; that his orders are not respected like those of our former <unk> , the deceased cardinal , whose portrait as you see hangs <unk> whatever may be thought of him , it must be allowed that richelieu was great . ” franz with a sigh , “ do as you please my dear viscount , for your arguments are beyond my powers of <unk> . , my lord , ” said d ’ artagnan ;	83.573974609375
“ ’ tis not good to be about just here without a light . like <unk> . ” m. de tréville , “ we fancy that we have each cause to complain of the other , and i am come to endeavor to clear up this affair . ” speak of me in any way ? ” of his master ’ s friend , got up suddenly , and in doing so let fall some louis which he had appropriated to himself <unk> during the night . nothing , though i had made a hole twice as large as the first . <unk> pleased that i wished to congratulate you ; but as i am not quite properly dressed , i chose my opportunity , that i might	75.7240982055664
not compromise you . ” astonishment at this man whose eye now disclosed an intelligence and his body a vigor they had not thought him capable of showing . not guilty . fifteen feet from it ? ” , <unk> as high as a tower . ” he was about to land , without any other escort than these men , on an island which had , indeed , a very religious name , but which did not seem to franz likely to afford him much hospitality , thanks to the smugglers and bandits . say ? ” asked porthos , in a <unk> tone . the means of approaching the scaffold itself , and he will deliver the official order to the officer , who , in	93.71823120117188
his turn , will hand it to the executioner ; in the meantime , it will be as well to acquaint peppino with what we have determined on , if it be only to prevent his dying of fear or losing his senses , because in either case a very useless expense will have been incurred . ” your finger . ” ” she said ; “ oh , sir , what a misfortune ! two wings extended the park . <unk> , my young friend ; you will be lost . ” , it is death , or at least imprisonment , for him who takes my place . ” cut which would proclaim the frenchman at first sight . cause of this sorrow and anxiety ,	92.2231674194336
and as it was not his accustomed hour for visiting her , she had gone to the spot simply by accident or perhaps through sympathy . , then , if you were not queen ! ” occupation , for i am so . ” indeed ! . each of the candles and blew them out one after the other . be obtained ; and the party must be acquainted with english in order to ask the way to london . ; peppino will have warned the sentry of our coming . ” to get mme . borgia first found the two future cardinals ; they were giovanni rospigliosi , who held four of the highest dignities of the holy see , and cæsar spada , one of the	121.05558776855469
noblest and richest of the roman nobility ; both felt the high honor of such a favor from the pope . he heard these words ; i think he did not , for he fell without a cry . ? ” she said . , ” said athos , “ you must leave us . ” day for day , since dantès ’ arrest . , whom your majesty knows by name , and whose devotedness you have more than once appreciated , and who have , i dare affirm to the king , his service much at <unk> of my best soldiers , i say , athos , porthos , and aramis , had made a party of pleasure with a young fellow from gascony , whom	89.02356719970703
i had introduced to them the same morning . her . , ’ muttered the jeweller ; ‘ and improbable as it seemed at first , it may be true . corpse , which he placed in his own bed with its face to the wall ; then he entered the empty dungeon , closed the entrance , and slipped into the sack which had contained the dead body . game to your adversary ? , ” said d ’ artagnan . on , ” said he , between his teeth , “ expend your ardor the first day ; to-morrow , instead of <unk> twenty leagues , you will travel ten , the day after to-morrow , five , and in three days you will be in	64.5788345336914
bed . him , then , emmanuel ? ” she asked . staying , i feel too much gratitude to the cardinal not to leave him free in all his actions ; he shall do what he wishes to do . ” . ” added d ’ artagnan , timidly . . countenance , but a sinister smile passed over the lips of athos . m. morrel <unk> , ” continued château-renaud , “ is an admirable one , which he will tell you some day when you are better acquainted with him ; today let us fill our stomachs , and not our memories . refuse to <unk> it ? ” let me carry it out and we shall laugh . ” a kind of admiration ;	53.148807525634766
he was not insensible to such a proof of courage . amounted to fifty thousand crowns , and he had , besides , the prospect of seeing her fortune increased to half a million at her father ’ s death . me go , without friends , without money , in a part of france with which i am unacquainted , and where i have never been before ? ” then you tempted god a third time . the young girl , “ why am i thus pursued ? ” up to the charms of his reverie in the proximity of youth , so pure , so fresh . long night ’ s rest , and at five o ’ clock to-morrow morning we can be again on	96.13151550292969
the road . ” said mazarin in his softest voice ; “ i have an order to give you . ” the horse was lord ruthven himself . ” ” answered albert in a firm tone . that such a simple expedition requires . ” muzzle of the gun and arrested the shot which was about to be fired . bonacieux , astonished . the year 1814 or 1815 , know anything of a young sailor named dantès ? ” everything forgotten or unperceived before presented itself now to his recollection . have stayed with his mother for four days at tréport , it would have been a condescension or a martyrdom , while i return , more contented , more <unk> i say more poetic ! <unk>	143.3560028076172
if i had taken queen <unk> or <unk> as my companion . ” me misfortune , ” said porthos . put off immediately , and <unk> the château d ’ if , got on board the vessel between cape morgiou and <unk> island . and , as i doubt not but that your master is on the road to salvation , i want you to tell me where he is , that he may help me to mine . ” the top when he heard a heavy <unk> in the <unk> was the general ’ s body , which the witnesses had just thrown into the river after ascertaining that he was dead . from ? ” person addressing him with a long and searching <unk> even seemed	91.91984558105469
a disposition on his part to court a similar scrutiny on the part of the innkeeper ; then , observing in the countenance of the latter no other expression than extreme surprise at his own want of attention to an inquiry so courteously <unk> , he deemed it as well to terminate this dumb show , and therefore said , speaking with a strong italian accent , “ you are , i presume , m. caderousse ? ” best became the king . entered ; when the door was closed behind them ; when the buzzing murmur of the antechamber , to which the summons which had been made had doubtless furnished fresh food , had recommenced ; when m. de tréville had three or four times paced	163.92994689941406
in silence , and with a frowning brow , the whole length of his cabinet , passing each time before porthos and aramis , who were as upright and silent as if on <unk> stopped all at once full in front of them , and covering them from head to foot with an angry look , “ do you know what the king said to me , ” cried he , “ and that no longer ago than yesterday <unk> you know , gentlemen ? ” hidden from view , were three gentlemen , who had preceded athos and aramis , and an officer was examining their passports . i did not . bosom of the water , and to see the number of boats around it one	90.09111785888672
would have fancied one ’ s self not in paris , but in venice . , and if you let yourself die of hunger that will be your own fault . ’ interrogated the countess , and received from her a gracious smile in token that he would be welcome , sought not to retard the gratification of albert ’ s eager impatience , but began at once the tour of the house , closely followed by albert , who availed himself of the few minutes required to reach the opposite side of the theatre to settle the height and <unk> of his collar , and to arrange the <unk> of his coat . paper hesitatingly and cast his eyes over it ; it was a lieutenant ’	106.6869125366211
s commission in the musketeers . you , sir , ” said mordaunt , raising his head and casting at his opponent a look it would be impossible to describe . a portion of the way , ” said athos . and imprudent attack she had made upon d ’ artagnan when he spared the life of her brother . in contact with them , speak to them , and they reply to you . ” the judges ; it is their business to judge , and they shall judge . ” the angle of which was the pavilion , ran along one side of this lane , and on the other was a little garden connected with a poor cottage which was protected by a hedge from	66.65782928466797
passers-by . in equal proportions , and formed into pills . humble , half gallant attention , went away . , that it was here he received that famous bullet wound ? ” fate is mine , to serve either as a victim or an enemy to all who are stronger than myself , while my only friend and <unk> is a living corpse ! nothing , ” said monte cristo . ; her wrists were <unk> . in great afflictions that even in the worst times the first emotion of a crowd has generally been to sympathize with the sufferer in a great catastrophe . going to versailles , and i was not deceived . are in a constant state of change . yourself , my sweet	149.95431518554688
girl ! the seat morcerf offered him , placed himself in such a manner as to remain concealed in the shadow of the large velvet curtains , and read on the careworn and livid features of the count a whole history of secret griefs written in each <unk> time had planted there . ring ? ” said d ’ artagnan . he , involuntarily following noirtier ’ s eyes , which were fixed on madame de villefort , who repeated : was not impregnable . morcerf was seen on the steps in a black coat with a military collar , black <unk> , and black gloves . superior power of the abbé , sat down and wrote : gates , they will be torn down , twisted into	123.35205078125
iron <unk> , ground to powder ! in that quarter . ” only to hear danglars speak so calmly and politely , but because it was apparent that beneath outward politeness there really <unk> a determined spirit of opposition to anything his wife might wish to do . shall find him ? ” silence , which proved that the cardinal was employed in seeking the terms in which he should write the note , or else in writing it . friends agree . ” then , a man of the people ? ” said mazarin , astonished . new this time to show to the traveller , but , to his great surprise , the latter , without seeking for the signatures , many of which , indeed	124.03565216064453
, were only <unk> , named instantly the author of every picture in such a manner that it was easy to see that each name was not only known to him , but that each style associated with it had been appreciated and studied by him . ” cried the sentinel , who was less abstracted , and who saw by the <unk> a shadow approaching his chief . ” said the superb lord of bracieux , “ lest they should say we were afraid . , or how long the attack may last ? ” forget , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ to bring up four bottles of the same sort for the two english gentlemen . ” to call to your aid jealousy and	106.26130676269531
the anger of god ! ” at a trot on the road to cambrin , where they expected to find the prince . to something . ” the spot at the death of ali pasha . probability , some one of us will be left on the road . ” , 1628 , the <unk> was signed . ” the young man , “ you have special reasons for telling me to conciliate that man . ” of light glanced across the face of the midnight visitor . received his congratulations with the air of a man conscious that they are merited . all , ” he said ; “ you can not live upon your fifteen thousand francs . ” brought a <unk> <unk> piece of magnificence	51.22395324707031
which caused the eyes of the <unk> to dilate in such a manner that they seemed ready to burst . ? ” rueil . really a serious matter , then ? ” asked the marquis , remarking the cloud on villefort ’ s brow . the very boy ; he ’ s <unk> by bazin . ” who had never seriously thought of this impossible duel , endeavored to turn the conversation ; but he could not succeed . ” to hope , ” said the count . know i had been carried off ? ” the good day ’ s work he had done , returned to the yard . and went to smell if the pie was good . out to make a diversion ? <unk>	71.38609313964844
, she suffered andrea ’ s attentions in order to get rid of morcerf ; but when andrea urged his suit , she betrayed an entire dislike to him . years ago at palermo , and he was then on the point of setting out for the most remote regions ; so that i fear he will never return . ” your <unk> ” of gift yesterday . ” myself . to go and serve in greece , still having his name kept on the army roll . you may believe me if you will ; at the end of every month i am tormented by remorse . ” faria ’ s dungeon . my beautiful englishwoman , or rather <unk> i am convinced she was born in	110.5101318359375
france , though i have not questioned her . ” the profit would be enormous , there would be a gain of fifty or sixty piastres each for the crew . reflect ? ” makes my flesh <unk> . a touch of vanity , has many excellent qualities . my dear fellow , how one <unk> bad habits in these cursed convents , or what evil ways all these men of the church have , with whom i am obliged to live . with a look of surprise , but made no reply . <unk> a thing impossible and <unk> . ” interrupted monte cristo ; “ but lord wilmore did not <unk> to inform me , my dear m. andrea , that the season of your youth	110.89352416992188
was rather a stormy one . , quick as lightning , firm as a pair of <unk> ’ s pincers , the soldier ’ s throat . myself . ” in what you say , ” said the count , with that smile which made him so handsome ; “ i have descended from a <unk> called grief . ” vallon de bracieux de pierrefonds . you to lead , poor maximilian , you who are formed for happiness ! else , the arrival of a post-chaise is an event . ” said milady . me swallow twelve drops instead of ten , you see that i do not recover , then pour the rest down my throat . my advice . eyes closed , and hearing her	82.62291717529297
breathe gently , he believed she had dropped asleep , and left the apartment on tiptoe , closing the door after him with the utmost precaution . and passed it to athos . he raised her in his arms and placed her in a chair . two who remained ; then , when they had passed , he brought up the rear , and on his face was a smile , which , if they could have understood it , would have alarmed them much more than a visit to the room they were about to enter . it appears , and i ask your pardon . ” has commissioned me to assure you that two or three days ’ rest , with plenty of barley for their	78.13715362548828
sole food during that time , will bring them back to as fine , that is as terrifying , a condition as they were in yesterday . the dear boy , our little edmond ? ’ time to pay ? ” porthos , “ ’ <unk> be at least a little change from beer . ” <unk> ’ tis well ! ” replied m. morrel . was over himself , my persecutor allowed a movement of anger to escape him . going to rue de vaugirard and rue de la harpe , did not go to find linen drapers . ” athos ; “ embrace me , my son . ” fere , formerly styled athos ; monsieur du vallon , whom we used to call porthos ;	109.89212036132812
the chevalier d ’ herblay , now the abbé d ’ herblay , whom we styled <unk> ” longer a riot , madame , ” he replied , “ but a revolt . ” have uttered your name with the sigh of melancholy , with the groan of sorrow , with the last effort of despair ; i have uttered it when frozen with cold , crouched on the straw in my dungeon ; i have uttered it , consumed with heat , rolling on the stone floor of my prison . here , a torch in one hand , a sword in the other , and within twenty paces , at the foot of this rock , perhaps two guards kept watch on land and sea ,	86.08302307128906
while their master descended , as i am about to descend , <unk> the darkness before his <unk> progress . ” of persons condemned to suffer , their names , and description of the death they are to die . ” had , possibly , for ages permitted a free entrance to the brilliant <unk> that now illumined the vast pile , grew a quantity of creeping plants , whose delicate green branches stood out in bold relief against the clear azure of the firmament , while large masses of thick , strong <unk> <unk> forced their way through the <unk> , and hung floating to and fro , like so many waving <unk> . search for the letter with the greatest patience , turning out his pockets	243.1620635986328
of all kinds over and over again , rummaging and <unk> in his valise , and opening and <unk> his purse ; but when he found that he had come to the conviction that the letter was not to be found , he flew , for the third time , into such a rage as was near <unk> him a fresh <unk> of wine , oil , and <unk> upon seeing this hot-headed youth become exasperated and threaten to destroy everything in the establishment if his letter were not found , the host seized a spit , his wife a <unk> handle , and the servants the same sticks they had used the day before . ” asked franz . mercédès . in my house ! ” cried	132.63815307617188
villefort . <unk> in <unk> , turf , and clumps of flowers . ” man , who is of no age , is then , i am certain , thirty-five . in the habit of receiving ! ” replied milady , for whom this conversation began to have a real interest . meaning of this change ? ” ” cried morrel , in such a paroxysm of terror that monte cristo started , —he whom the falling heavens would have found unmoved ; “ you knew it , and said nothing ? ” but did not wish to appear so ; he was piqued at the tone which morcerf had just assumed . ” said a voice behind him . ” said he to them , “ what	76.97833251953125
a <unk> color the moon has to-night ? ” , <unk> , <unk> ; then up the <unk> to <unk> . scarcely less afraid of monsieur de beaufort than the cardinal himself , and who was almost as superstitious as he was , made him repeat word for word all la ramee ’ s praises of his deputy . ” continued franz . madame de chevreuse , “ say on . would take too much time and i am thirsty . said athos , emptying a glass of excellent bordeaux wine which , without having at that period the reputation it now enjoys , merited it no less , “ poor fools ! that young man as an accuser of milady , he would take him , in	174.00082397460938
the mental disposition in which he now found himself , for a messenger sent by the devil . with him ? ” ” to come to the opera , doubtless that i might be a witness to the insult he meant to offer you . ” and i my title ? ” out of this chamber isn ’ t everything . ” at all <unk> , in order to gain time , to put some obstacle in the way of the execution on the following <unk> day appointed by the judges . one or two others for whom he was interested ; and as there could be no doubt but that the queen was leaving paris full of terrible projects of vengeance , every one had warned parents	90.46533203125
and friends of what was about to <unk> ; so that the news of the approaching <unk> ran like a train of lighted gunpowder along the streets . thought of that , ” said porthos , “ and yet it is very simple . ” again on the chair , <unk> lips were scarcely discernible , they were so pale and white , as well as her whole face , —and remained motionless , looking at noirtier , who appeared to anticipate and commend all he did . off , and conducted me to a gloomy spot , called the catacombs of saint sebastian . ” that affair , madame ; these men are the ones who saved her ; and i smile with pity when i reflect	85.13479614257812
that if the names of those gentlemen are unknown to you it is because the queen has forgotten them , who ought to have made them the first noblemen of the <unk> . ” it will not require very much more than the <unk> of wills . of astonishment passed around the group of spectators of this scene . the sun had set , when franz fancied he saw , at a quarter of a mile to the left , a dark mass , but he could not precisely make out what it was , and fearing to excite the mirth of the sailors by mistaking a floating cloud for land , he remained silent ; suddenly a great light appeared on the <unk> ; land might resemble	114.3211669921875
a cloud , but the fire was not a meteor . there can be no supper unless he is allowed to be present . ” that the woman with him is altogether unlike all others of her sex . these dreadful events that i waited on your excellency , to whom it would have been folly to have mentioned benedetto , since all trace of him seemed entirely lost ; or of my sister , since she was dead . ” and whispered in the young king ’ s ear : the market , but there he met planchet with his <unk> ; their halberds were leveled at him <unk> . seen in a position which left no doubt of their intentions . athos was the <unk> ,	134.09136962890625
and the least resembling him in appearance , in his tastes and <unk> . the poor mother , who tried every means , “ when i call you edmond , why do you not call me mercédès ? ” , horses , guards , and perhaps even the prisoner were about to be torn to <unk> , when all at once a voice well known to raoul was heard , and suddenly a great sword glittered in the air ; at the same time the crowd opened , upset , <unk> down , and an officer of the musketeers , striking and cutting right and left , rushed up to raoul and took him in his arms just as he was about to fall . at least .	82.68802642822266
” eugénie . a run of two leagues , mousqueton ’ s horse sank . all this out of leghorn free of duties , and land it on the shores of corsica , where certain <unk> undertook to forward the cargo to france . a dark lantern . to speak to me , and ask for my assistance , for i was about to form another plan , and leave you ; but your age <unk> me . you to be so well acquainted with all this ? ” ” as the jailer was visiting him for the last time that night , dantès , with his ear for the hundredth time at the wall , fancied he heard an almost imperceptible movement among the stones . ”	95.28290557861328
your eminence so well , why are they , my lord cardinal , in prison ? ” necessary for your eminence to do what the other day you declared you should have done in our <unk> , ‘ down with mazarin ! ’ ” i came to ask something more than to be your companion . ’ ” ” too much respect the laws of hospitality to ask your name or title . men , one after the other , the one <unk> by liquor , the other overwhelmed with love . more than half an hour . you , madame , ” said athos , withdrawing his hand , “ hoping that in your turn you will do something for him ; till now i have watched	70.18843078613281
over his education and i have made him , i hope , an accomplished gentleman ; but i am now obliged to return to the dangerous and wandering life of party faction . not call me cowardly for acting as my conscience dictated . dashed with cupidity , but he quickly suppressed his emotion . you are making ; one has offered a wealthy shopkeeper , the other a count ; you are going , then , to offer a prince , are you ? ” , you doubtless place some guard outside ? ” of the <unk> , with the rigid <unk> of neck and shoulders which caused his <unk> to say ( as we have before observed ) that he was the living statue of the	178.78192138671875
law . go back on my word , and i will give 45,000 . ’ implied or appeared to imply , the <unk> of all the persons concerned in this <unk> affair , had been preceded by a scene to which our readers must be admitted . house at auteuil ? ” for he felt his increased importance . word . ” prefect of police arrived ten minutes before ten , he was told that lord wilmore , who was precision and punctuality personified , was not yet come in , but that he would be sure to return as the clock struck . the words and in the bearing of aramis that the duke had great difficulty in <unk> his anger , but at a word from	93.71206665039062
flamarens he restrained himself and contented himself with saying : , contrary to his custom , gloomy and anxious , when an officer entered and announced to marshal de grammont that some one wished to see him . astonishment . his pocket a paper . is still here . ” monster , who , at twenty-five years of age , has been guilty of as many crimes as you could read of in a year in the <unk> of our tribunals . s attorney is informed by a friend to the throne and the religious institutions of his country , that one named edmond dantès , mate of the ship _pharaon_ , this day arrived from smyrna , after having touched at naples and porto-ferrajo , has been	67.7264633178711
the bearer of a letter from murat to the usurper , and again taken charge of another letter from the usurper to the bonapartist club in paris . my ministers have redoubled their vigilance , in order to watch the shore of the mediterranean . , my god ! gentlemen , so please you ; i have plenty of time , and it will be more correct . the pistols . i am , i get from one <unk> into another . said porthos , “ you appear to be in a somewhat better humor to-day than you were yesterday . ? ” wrong , ” said monte cristo , “ but you should take into consideration the youth and <unk> of the <unk> . ” old ?	58.24799346923828
” <unk> , ” said the commander , in a low voice . : my purpose , knows no impossibility , and so i keep him . ” often depends on the prompt obedience of his horse . s nothing , nothing ! ” cried milady . mind easy , ” said the doctor ; “ he is dead . monument was inscribed : “ the families of saint-méran and villefort , ” for such had been the last wish expressed by poor renée , valentine ’ s mother . the table and ate as he did in the merry days of the rue des fossoyeurs , whilst d ’ artagnan walked to and fro and thought how he could make use of planchet under present circumstances .	87.41691589355469
kind of fascination at the sight of all this gold and all these bank-notes ; it seemed to me that i was in a dream , and , as it always happens in a dream , i felt myself riveted to the spot . and most hideous , or rather most admirable ones , for i found them ugly enough to frighten me . ” you—i recognize you ! ” exclaimed the king ’ s attorney ; “ you <unk> ” of his own power , certain that the laws which rule other men could not reach him , he went straight to the object he aimed at , even were this object so elevated and so dazzling that it would have been madness for any other even	115.2862777709961
to have contemplated it . at once , then ? ” inquired mordaunt . through all the doors , down all the staircases , by every <unk> , everyone hastened to retire , or rather to fly ; for it was a situation where the ordinary <unk> , —which even the best friends are so eager to offer in great catastrophes , <unk> seen to be utterly <unk> . six o ’ clock . , monsieur chevalier , ” said she , “ what are you doing ? ” of <unk> had ended ; cæsar borgia , who had completed his conquest , had need of money to purchase all italy . , ” he said . eye to the keyhole , and had discovered andrea in a	75.37332916259766
posture of entreaty . a breath , was heard in that vast assembly ; everyone waited anxiously . ’ t delay you much . of monte cristo be here tonight ? ” dear valentine , that you were engaged to m. d ’ épinay , and that your father was resolved upon <unk> the match , and that from his will there was no appeal , as m. de villefort was never known to change a determination once formed . just as he formerly used to take up the stones from the road , and threw them out of the house . ” on a subject ; then , when i shall have learned what i desire to know , i will withdraw . ” , which although	88.12749481201172
expected by monte cristo , is unexpected to our readers . caderousse , “ little albert . ” , monsieur ? <unk> porthos , “ that the queen would save monsieur de buckingham , but would take no heed of us . ” <unk> king charles from the territory of france and in <unk> from helping him—a stranger to your <unk> arms , with money or with troops . porthos , as if in pain . the latter , “ since that heart is no longer with you in the bois de vincennes , it is elsewhere , and i must go and find it . ” on the point of pushing open a small door , we heard the voice of the pasha sounding in a loud	88.80369567871094
and threatening tone . said she , growing paler , “ what is this confession ? ” somewhere . ” if that should come to the ears of the king ; and as the wound is very serious , seeing that after crossing the shoulder it <unk> into the chest , it is to be <unk> ” ! ” said the young girl . will do capitally . ” particularly in paris ? ” to ask my wife to have a little conversation with me ; it is so rarely i make such a request , i am sure you can not grudge it to me . ” stammered , “ do you mean to keep that money ? escape that scoundrel mazarin ? excellency , if it	74.75946044921875
would amuse you ; and i will get you the torch you ask for . see him on his dying bed , that i might <unk> to him the <unk> of religion . ” the art of being dull with dignity . to a large basket which lay in a corner , and made a sign to him to wrap the <unk> up in the <unk> . what it <unk> on , ” said caderousse , <unk> and showing his teeth , like a monkey laughing or a tiger <unk> . he said , “ you confess ; but a confession made to the judges , a confession made at the last moment , extorted when the crime can not be denied , <unk> not the punishment inflicted	87.7203598022461
on the guilty ! ” milady , with a sigh , “ if she loves she is not altogether wretched . ” <unk> , ” said lord wilmore , “ and as he is an expert chemist and <unk> , he has invented a new system of <unk> , which he is seeking to bring to perfection . ” to his horse ’ s neck , the young man fired , and the ball severed the feathers from the hat . them not ; her <unk> , i know them not ; her vices , i know them not . ” cried d ’ artagnan . ” said andrea , “ sheathe your sword , my fine fellow ; there is no occasion to make such a <unk>	60.3156852722168
, since i give myself up ; ” and he held out his hands to be <unk> . at the wicket . aramis as with athos , embraced them both . say ? ” and conducted to the low and vaulted chamber , in which <unk> , <unk> , and his uncle had died . prisoner toward the table , and upon a sign from the commissary drew back so far as to be unable to hear anything . with one already prepared , ” said villefort , entering the room . , then , in the meantime ? ” ” said planchet , “ he was fond of <unk> truth , he drank , but not as other men drink . him , morrel remained an instant	71.6278076171875
standing with his eyes fixed on the door ; then putting forth his arm , he pulled the bell . said morcerf , more and more astonished ; “ have you not had enough time for reflection during the eight years which have elapsed since this marriage was first discussed between us ? ” expect to be let off so <unk> , bounded off like a <unk> up the quai a la rue dauphine , and disappeared . ? ” replied anne , with <unk> dignity , extending toward the open coffer an arm , despite the lapse of years , still beautiful . and went out , knocking himself against the edge of the door , like <unk> in <unk> . out seven or eight months ago	116.69981384277344
from your country to seek your fortune in the capital ? ” porthos , “ i am what i am . ” ” , please observe , by his courage alone , that a gentleman can make his way nowadays . of absence and that letter mean that you must follow me , athos . ” . the baroness , smiling ; “ speaking to you as a friend i can say that the prince does not yet appear all he will be . back . ” artagnan , what is the matter with you , and what has happened to you personally ? beadle ’ s gown , his services being required that day at notre dame . pleasures fled , while dragging on a life of	95.91915130615234
care , all your woes will <unk> in air , if to god your tears are shed , you who weep ! ” the assassin , and will pursue him . ” the old man . that presently , ” said d ’ artagnan , with a slight smile . lightning they perceived the village of <unk> . on my father ’ s character . the diamond cross and the star of the garter which she had sent him by those generous frenchmen ; he kissed it , and then , as he reflected , that she would never again see those things till he lay cold and mutilated in the tomb , there passed over him one of those icy <unk> which may be called <unk> of	106.60173797607422
death . father has really a very large fortune , count ? ” a narrow pass , they perceived that the road was partially barricaded by an enormous stone . by the eloquence which characterized mazarin when he spoke in italian or spanish and which he lost entirely in speaking french , was uttered with such impenetrable expression that gondy , clever physiognomist as he was , had no suspicion of its being more than a simple warning to be more subdued . ’ s room ? ” he murmured and slowly returned , with one hand wiping his forehead , and with the other supporting himself against the wall . ” said the latter , closing the door and <unk> it , that they might not be	99.74822235107422
disturbed . this gascon upon me ? appeared not to perceive him . tonight , he said , in an undertone . friend a part of his share which he should return when convenient . sister ; <unk> is dead , but he is avenged . ’ , is the important point of distinction between the <unk> and the cavalier . ” towards my brain . ” replied planchet , <unk> to his <unk> idea , “ that monsieur bonacieux has something <unk> in his eyebrows , and something very unpleasant in the play of his lips . ” , <unk> my hair , and uttering a groan of horror . it . ” resolved for certain reasons not at once to come to a full rupture with	95.01612854003906
the prisoner ; he wanted to inspire , not a sudden repugnance , but a good , sound , steady hatred ; he retired , therefore , and gave place to four guards , who , having breakfasted , could attend on the prisoner . sir , ” said he ; “ i have an order for each of you also . ” longer our home ! ” this room , then ? ” , and , without putting himself in a passion , <unk> grimaud . that ? ” ? at my hôtel . , ” said one of the servants , “ horsemen dressed in yellow , creeping along the bed of the stream . , the carpets from <unk> , and the bed , especially	80.32437133789062
, had more the look of a fine lady ’ s couch , with its <unk> of fine lace and its embroidered <unk> , than that of a man who had made a vow that he would endeavor to gain heaven by fasting and mortification . confused dreams respecting the two meetings he had already had with his mysterious <unk> , and in waking speculations as to what the morrow would produce . his majesty ’ s musketeers , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and consequently your superior in everything ; only , as the question now is not of rank , but of <unk> know the <unk> and seek for yours ; the first to return will recover his chamber . ” mute and motionless	136.773193359375
, hardly venturing to breathe . ali is concerned , i can assure you , the interest he <unk> is merely from the circumstance of his being your <unk> , who are at this moment the most celebrated and fashionable person in paris . ” in , monsieur porthos ! ” him , when the carriage was on its way , and the feet of the horses struck a shower of sparks from the pavement . as the rest ? ” the anteroom or dressing-room , ” said the viscount ; “ they make the countess ill . ” to pass it over to you , my dear athos . ” you ; your wounds are mortal . ; why , then , was it impossible to dantès	69.283935546875
? a murder ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . surface , struggled with the last desperate effort of a drowning man , uttered a third cry , and felt himself sinking , as if the fatal cannon shot were again tied to his feet . nine o ’ clock , at the moment he had made up his mind to go to bed , he heard steps in his corridor . that first impulses are <unk> the best . athos . never seen him . ” thou wilt be hung . ” i am there . ” ” murmured he , “ is dantès then a member of some <unk> society , that his protector thus <unk> the <unk> form ? his prisoner ’ s hand ,	80.58747863769531
saying : dear count ! ” cried aramis , “ is it not a warlike encounter that we are going to ? ” rather denounce your stepmother ? ” child , with large blue eyes , of that deep color that <unk> so well with the <unk> complexion ; only his hair , which was too light , gave his face a most singular expression , and added to the <unk> of his look , and the malice of his smile . delight , and , springing forwards , seized the hand extended towards him , and imprinted on it a fervent and <unk> kiss . ” said debray , “ you have come in the <unk> of time . the best houses in europe , ” said	70.42585754394531
danglars , carelessly throwing down the receipt on his desk . to reassure himself , that this pavilion perhaps had nothing in common with mme . creature ! and had a king in keeping . ” <unk> vest , with long open sleeves , <unk> with silver <unk> and buttons of pearls , and a sort of bodice , which , closing only from the centre to the waist , exhibited the whole of the ivory throat and upper part of the bosom ; it was fastened with three magnificent diamond clasps . i weep for you . my boy , on the contrary , i am pleased with your zeal . aramis , taking a purse which bazin presented to him . be at this moment at	112.54631805419922
rueil and saint germain , ” said aramis . is . ” , innocence , and love , the three <unk> of the happiness of angels , and now what am i ? ” light shot through the mind of dantès , and cleared up all that had been dark and obscure before . the <unk> and had ordered him to be hanged near the cross of du <unk> ; but in attempting to execute this command the <unk> were attacked in the <unk> with stones and halberds ; the <unk> had escaped to the rue des lombards and rushed into a house . , only by <unk> , with whom you could not associate . ” for a moment , as if rooted to their seats ;	74.80952453613281
they questioned each other with vague and stupid glances . said d ’ artagnan , seeming to remember something , “ two soldiers , yes ; that , then , is why i hear two men called every evening and see them walking sometimes for half an hour , under my window . ” said château-renaud ; “ has she returned ? ” a man ? ” ” replied mercédès , with her eloquent glance ; “ you are right , my love ; let us prove to those who are watching our actions that we are worthy of compassion . ” one can not remain thus , with a sword hanging eternally over his head , ” said athos . of two favorite <unk> “ <unk> de	90.0385971069336
<unk> ” and “ <unk> d ’ <unk> ” —and the name is applied to bold criminals as a term of <unk> . himself down by his hands and from a height of fifty feet . ” said aramis , in his tone of raillery . silently and had just placed his glass on the table to be filled a second time , when a <unk> scream resounded from the room occupied by the monk and the dying man . who was at the door , perceived his hesitation . you yesterday and the day before , but in vain . his conviction , mme . the captain with an accent of the most profound pity , “ we ought always to help one another . lose time	89.26764678955078
; you are the subject on which i wish to speak . ” to give it a gloomy aspect . be free and open . <unk> , must have been where the infant ’ s grave was dug . ” eagerly inquired the two youths . ” said laporte , “ since the queen desires you so to do . ” place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work . knew he would be lost , for the roof afforded no chance of escape ; he therefore resolved to descend , not through the same chimney by which he had come up , but by a similar one conducting to another room . not look , will you ? —it is because	96.01190185546875
they have had the axe , with which criminals are executed , brought and placed there on the table . château-renaud , “ it is not morcerf coming in that carriage ; <unk> , it is franz and debray ! ” friends , ” he replied ; “ why should we not be ? ” some one on whom we can count ; for i imagine , just now , that <unk> cromwell would not be inclined to trifle with us . will find at the door on going out , will serve you as escort . to excuse me , <unk> <unk> was not attending to the conversation . ” ’ t mount ? ” . gossip , i hope ? ” how we came here ?	76.81941223144531
and stood , hidden by the black drapery , beneath the scaffold . evening , perhaps ; you will certainly need it to-morrow . ” the gascon , “ we were sent , porthos and i , by cardinal mazarin to fight for cromwell ; instead of fighting for cromwell we have served charles <unk> the same thing by any means . safely to the louvre all alone . ” at work in his library , but he expects you , sir , ” replied the valet . , and did not leave the door open ; but the partition was so thin that one could hear nearly all that passed between the two women . , ” said monte cristo . the count of monte cristo here	75.02725982666016
. ” they had found the grasp of porthos pretty powerful and that it was no joke to fight against it . eyes are better than mine . his saddle-bags and sheathed his sword . franz , “ i regret much that such a question has been raised in the presence of mademoiselle valentine ; i have never inquired the amount of her fortune , which , however limited it may be , <unk> mine . , making signs of distress ; but no one on board saw him , and the vessel stood on another tack . ? ” you that you are not in the chamber , my dear viscount . ” no mistake about it . ” the best of <unk> beauty , her noble	77.45348358154297
appearance , and the liberality with which she distributed her pistoles . at d ’ artagnan , who avoided it by springing to one side ; but by this movement he left a passage free to the bandit , who darted off toward the bastion . andrea , stupefied . his seat , and he entered the orchestra with château-renaud and beauchamp . monte cristo “ i did not expect that the affair would be so promptly concluded . ” to do ? ” library of the chateau of bracieux there are a lot of books of travels . ” this mysterious count is a bachelor ? ” replied planchet , with a self-satisfied air . read aloud the letter which we have already seen , in which	87.97743225097656
king charles demanded to know whether the hospitality of france would be accorded him . one of the oldest and most powerful families of the <unk> century ; and in those times , when other opportunities for <unk> were wanting , such <unk> of gold and jewels were by no means rare ; there are at this day roman families <unk> of hunger , though possessed of nearly a million in diamonds and jewels , handed down by entail , and which they can not touch . ” , looked around him , and perceived caderousse sitting at table with danglars , under an arbor . thomson & french set no bounds to their engagements while those of m. danglars have their limits ; he is a wise	201.6768798828125
man , according to his own showing . ” exclaimed madame de villefort , “ the punishment , monsieur ? , ” replied the baroness , “ one can wish for nothing , one is so sure to obtain it . laporte , ” the child said ; and then added in a loud voice , “ to any one except <unk> . ” implacable eyes interrogated villefort , who , on his side , glanced from noirtier to d ’ avrigny . . ” know , <unk> government was not rich enough . ” porthos , before crying out ; for , on my word , you haven ’ t reached the end , ” said the gascon , in a jesting tone . a drawing-room ,	62.47581100463867
from which we must retire politely and honestly ; that is , with a bow , and our debts of honor paid . ” whole scene at a glance . therefore , for eleven o ’ clock , desiring signor pastrini to inform him the moment that albert returned to the hotel . be over ? greek mistress ? ” ’ s glance , it had served to give him an idea of the man he was about to interrogate . never played . said to himself , “ let me try if he will be more <unk> than the other ; ” and he tapped gently at the door . by monsieur le comte with the intention , i believe , of making me a soldier ;	81.53240203857422
and he gave me reason to hope that at paris he would present me to some one who would recommend me to the favor of the prince . ” , my lord , ” said rochefort , with a smile . all active , vigorous and armed . ” must be now at the siege of la rochelle ? ” any event , ” said the countess . cried guitant . was that d ’ artagnan , without asking information of any kind , alighted , <unk> the horses to the care of his lackey , entered a small room destined to receive those who wished to be alone , and desired the host to bring him a bottle of his best wine and as good a breakfast	56.65531921386719
as <unk> desire which further <unk> the high opinion the innkeeper had formed of the traveler at first sight . caderousse ; “ well that ’ s a good one ! , porthos ? ” said he . according to custom , to a house which i frequented with much pleasure : when one is young , what can be expected ? —one is weak . you know , and of which your precipitate departure , ” added the host , with an <unk> that did not escape d ’ artagnan , “ appeared to authorize the issue . the grecian affair ? , ” rejoined athos , “ tell you , d ’ artagnan , that the queen thought that buckingham had been brought over by a	101.73876190185547
forged letter ? ” put up with that , ” said the countess , who was herself from one of the oldest venetian families . sleep in peace , and put your trust in the lord . ” listening with the greatest impatience , ” replied the young man ; “ speak , i beg of you . ” to witness the challenge , he now wishes you to be present at the combat . ” albert . to be dead , or at least insensible , and went toward him for the purpose of taking the order ; but the moment he extended his hand to search for it , the wounded man , who had not dropped his sword , plunged the point into d ’	59.533164978027344
artagnan ’ s breast , crying , “ one for you ! ” approach of death . the window turned round , and passed within four steps of d ’ artagnan , pulling down the hood of her mantle ; but the precaution was too late , d ’ artagnan had already recognized mme . the government is rich and does not want your treasures , ” replied the inspector ; “ keep them until you are <unk> ” the abbé ’ s eyes glistened ; he seized the inspector ’ s hand . monte cristo ; “ i have had little to do with it , for i am at <unk> both with the father-in-law and the young man ; there is only mademoiselle eugénie , who	48.26466369628906
appears but little charmed with the thoughts of <unk> , and who , seeing how little i was disposed to persuade her to renounce her dear liberty , retains any affection for me . ” to keep your word ; i have reached my destination . ” on the same spot where happiness was once all my own . ” of the patrol , descended across the rocks , and when arrived on the edge of the sea , whistled . have at least this consolation , that you can say to yourself she has not quit you voluntarily , that if you learn no news of her , it is because all communication with you is <unk> ; while <unk> ” convinced they are all charming women	105.19036865234375
. ” cried the lieutenant . i quote a fact , that is all . breakfast , then ? ” said the count . to walk with in the plain st. denis or in the fair of st. germain , in company with athos , porthos , and aramis , to whom d ’ artagnan had often remarked this . winter would perhaps send felton himself to get the order signed by the duke of buckingham . how is it that your eminence complained just now of want of information ? ” matter ? the duke , “ pistache , jump for the <unk> ” and he raised his cane six inches higher . useful , so i took them . ” shook his head . count ,	59.55377960205078
—i will be sure to come , ” said villefort eagerly . told him , d ’ artagnan , who knew already that porthos called himself du vallon , was now aware that he styled himself , from his estate , de bracieux ; and that he was , on account of this estate , engaged in a <unk> with the bishop of noyon . with supreme disdain . and <unk> , swearing , cursing , and <unk> the cardinal and his guards to all the devils . do in the room , so the poisoner retired stealthily , as though fearing to hear the sound of her own footsteps ; but as she withdrew she still held aside the curtain , absorbed in the irresistible attraction always	102.6120376586914
exerted by the picture of death , so long as it is merely mysterious and does not excite disgust . selim . the word “ secret . ” chamber , the flooring of which creaked beneath her heavy , uncertain tread , as she proceeded towards her armchair , into which she fell as though exhausted . that imperturbable phlegm which distinguished athos in the hour of danger , and with that excessive politeness which made of him at certain moments a king more majestic than kings by birth . strong than he , had attempted what he had not had sufficient resolution to undertake , and had failed only because of an error in calculation . ” said porthos , in the most melancholy tone he could	220.3327178955078
assume , “ when we are about to enter upon a <unk> campaign , in which my presentiments tell me i shall be <unk> ” , followed the course which they were to take in the evening . you are going to laugh at me . ” d ’ artagnan entered aramis ’ s chamber , he found him at the window . , ” said athos , quietly . , ” said d ’ artagnan . you were working for the good of our house and for the fortune of our daughter , i philosophically closed my eyes ; but as you have transformed that house into a vast ruin i will not be the foundation of another man ’ s fortune . who had pursued me	52.733829498291016
during a whole year , who had vowed my dishonor , and who , by the first words that issued from his mouth , gave me to understand he had accomplished it the preceding night . ” of buckingham , ” said mme . until five o ’ clock ; be punctual , and we shall arrive at twelve or one . ” , led by his favorite ; yesterday it was <unk> , to-day it is la <unk> , to-morrow it will be some one else . all , madame , you know that the son of fernand has publicly insulted me , ” said monte cristo with awful calmness . avrigny met the cousin whom villefort had mentioned , a personage as insignificant in our story	89.7576904296875
as in the world he <unk> of those beings designed from their birth to make themselves useful to others . of the circumstance to find a place in the hedge not so thick , where his glance could penetrate to the supposed cavalier . . the intention of asking for something to eat . ” it is quite impossible to procure a carriage . ” door ushered in the guests , and it was rather a relief to the indifferent to see a person as unmoved as themselves , and who did not exact a mournful face or force tears , as would have been the case with a father , a brother , or a lover . ’ s words . valentine , “ you may approve	107.74225616455078
again , for grandpapa is again thinking of it . ” above <unk> . ? ” is <unk> o ’ clock . i have none to settle on her . she expired . ” ” interrupted d ’ artagnan . in spite of the height jumped lightly over it . said villefort . who has an office , agents , spies , and fifteen hundred thousand francs for secret service money , to know what is going on at sixty leagues from the coast of france ! more to do at versailles , i went to auteuil , and gained all the information i could . an instant to give these poor creatures breathing time , ” said porthos . he , with one of his most charming	95.82411193847656
smiles , “ having finished talking to the father-in-law , i must address myself to the banker . ” , tearing the robe , and had penetrated <unk> between the flesh and the <unk> . , ” said she ; “ do not fear , there is our safeguard , ” pointing to the bed . the vestibule , another man was entering likewise , dusty , out of breath , leaving at the gate a post horse , which , on reaching the palace , <unk> on his <unk> . <unk> ” ? ” piece of good fortune sent from heaven , ” said athos , evidently much relieved . t <unk> about me , sir <unk> , ” said danglars ; then turning to monte cristo	65.98106384277344
he said : of him ? ” what i say she commanded me to show you this diamond , which she thinks you know . ” such a scene , to be alone . ” the café rospoli will be hung with white damask , bearing a red cross . ” hast preserved my memory ; i thank thee , i thank thee ! ” , ” said athos , “ for he knows neither his father nor his mother . ” you , monsieur le coadjuteur , who have such power over them and are at the same time friendly to us , ” said the queen , ironically , “ will quiet them by bestowing your blessing upon them . ” that i can speak positively	79.44059753417969
, your eminence ; for as he came in i remarked that it was but half past nine by the clock , although i had believed it to be later . ” i can not give it , since my parents abandoned me . toward paris , when groans , which seemed to proceed from a ditch , attracted their attention . to decide , ” said he . ” asked madame danglars . , ” said porthos , in a melancholy voice , “ i am very ill ; should you meet a doctor you will do me a favor by sending him to me . ” church , my friend , you have insulted the church ! ” house of monte cristo an hour since ,	57.88334655761719
” said morrel ; “ we were speaking , he of the sorrow your family had experienced , and i of your grief , when a carriage rolled into the courtyard . , one , ” said monte cristo , “ whom you do not condemn like poor danglars ? ” not an unreasonable man . ” answered danglars . mousqueton like a thunderbolt . ” said she , “ since i am to be married whether i will or not , i ought to be <unk> to providence for having released me from my engagement with m. albert de morcerf , or i should this day have been the wife of a dishonored man . ” from all your <unk> that of procuring my admission into the	74.96617889404297
musketeers ; for before everything , i wish to avenge myself . ” my good fellow , with a cart and a couple of oxen our business can be managed . , you shall have it ! ’ same distance in forty hours , and by ten o ’ clock in the morning i must be in london . ” him the day i had the honor of receiving you ; he has been a soldier , a <unk> fact , everything . than you think , perhaps . ’ s service ? ” mousqueton trembled ; even his fat , smooth cheeks shook as he spoke , and he looked at d ’ artagnan with an air of reproach ; he staggered , and his voice was	58.42630386352539
almost choked . of weakened minds to see everything through a black cloud . grotto ; it was , like the first , empty . and went to work . ” , ” said milady , with mildness . to the count when he mentioned the dear spoil found beneath the flowers . ” to defend the king ? ” to die than to continue to lead this low and wretched life . ” the young man , looking fearfully around him . for , and the inspector descended a <unk> , so foul , so humid , so dark , as to be <unk> to sight , smell , and respiration . an air as athos , and the commencement of their intimacy often rendered him unjust	107.91259765625
toward that gentleman , whom he endeavored to <unk> by his splendid dress . d ’ artagnan . your excellency , when i saw this poor creature sleeping peacefully in its cradle , i felt my eyes filled with tears . aramis , “ if i understand rightly we are to kill them all , eh ? ” in french , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ be kind enough , then , to reply to me in the same language . in my power to carry out your wishes , your excellency . ? ” said athos , recovering from the instinctive fear he had at first experienced , by the aid of reason ; “ are we not men accustomed to defend ourselves ? you	55.25991439819336
must really be a very strange and superior man , for my mother is so absorbed by the interest you have excited , that when i am with her she speaks of no one else . ” gentleman had not been watched , for as the report ran that he was a person of high rank , and one who would allow no impertinent interference , his _incognito_ was strictly respected . not my secret . ” ; she had often , in her youth , spoken of poverty , but between want and necessity , those synonymous words , there is a wide difference . project gutenberg™ master broussel ! ” he cried ; “ the guards are in the carriage and the officer is upstairs !	135.19326782226562
” , if i order you to live , morrel , it is in the conviction that one day you will thank me for having preserved your life . ” you see from this window ? deny it ! of carrying off her precious relic , which monte cristo had forgotten . regiment of <unk> , which the coadjutor had not been able to <unk> in spite of all his efforts , threw itself into the midst of the parisian forces , put them into confusion and re-entered charenton flying . ” say , ” resumed the guard , “ that coysel is not a sorcerer , but i say that if his prophecy gets wind , it ’ s a sure way to prevent it ’ s	107.33771514892578
coming true . ” from his cupboard the bank-notes and gold he had put there , thrust the one into the pocket of his trousers , and the other into that of his waistcoat , hastily tied up a small bundle of linen , and rushing towards the door , disappeared in the darkness of the night . madame ; at least , i hope not . arrived half dead at the imperial gates . return to tours ; she is not <unk> ; she still loves me ! lord , ” replied mordaunt ; “ but how many days does your eminence expect me to await your reply ? ” stupid fellow , ” said d ’ artagnan ; and laying hold of the <unk> , he	67.36881256103516
let himself gently down from the first story , which fortunately was not very elevated , without doing himself the slightest injury . recollections of the past that haunted me , partly to supply the wants of the poor widow , i eagerly returned to my trade of smuggler , which had become more easy since that <unk> of the laws which always follows a revolution . hopes . age , seemed to have the former one under her charge , and was cold , dry and <unk> true type of a <unk> or a <unk> . hope would have been destroyed . longer requires help , ” said d ’ avrigny , “ since she is dead . ” with his handkerchief and looked around him .	135.7133331298828
i am acquainted with all the details of the adventure at amiens ; that i will have a little romance made of it , <unk> turned , with a plan of the garden and portraits of the principal actors in that nocturnal romance . ” horror and surprise to escape him . her head she had a small cap of <unk> silk , embroidered with pearls ; while on the other a purple rose mingled its glowing colors with the luxuriant masses of her hair , of which the blackness was so intense that it was tinged with blue . as they went , full of soldiers and courtiers . you to do so . ” ? ” these times of <unk> morality they had no more delicacy	106.66539764404297
with respect to the mistresses ; and that the latter almost always left them valuable and <unk> remembrances , as if they essayed to conquer the <unk> of their sentiments by the solidity of their gifts . <unk> disappeared down the staircase , while his companion , <unk> his features more closely than before in the folds of his mantle , passed almost close to franz , and descended to the <unk> by an outward flight of steps . is considered , you are right . ” murmured mme . i shall know all . so easy to forget , monsieur , that the very next day after your princely gift you saved the life of my dear friend , madame de villefort , which was <unk> by	92.44013977050781
the very animals your generosity restored to me . ” very little noise alongside the lugger , which , no doubt , in <unk> of the compliment , lowered her own <unk> into the sea , and the five boats worked so well that by two o ’ clock in the morning all the cargo was out of _la jeune amélie_ and on _terra firma_ . comrades that they had seen the king and that the queen had spoken to them ; and , in fact , they went away quite proud and happy . ” you are ! said he . ! —on me ? ” replied d ’ artagnan . this question was addressed drew from an inlaid secretaire a small portfolio with a lock ,	105.05091857910156
in which she counted twenty-three bank-notes . he to the host . any trouble over <unk> when it was a question of shooting the poor duc d ’ enghien . ” the shock given by the rush of this mob was formidable . franz , “ it is hashish ! your friend , morcerf , your present manner of speaking would almost lead me to forget that i ever bore that title . and beard had not been cut all the time he was at the château d ’ if . hands of my enemies , ” continued she , with that tone of enthusiasm which she knew was familiar to the puritans . previous one—the old editions will be renamed . and broke it on his knee	103.76878356933594
. his family was still called in gascony , or m. de tréville , as he has ended by styling himself in paris , had really commenced life as d ’ artagnan now did ; that is to say , without a sou in his pocket , but with a fund of audacity , shrewdness , and intelligence which makes the <unk> gascon gentleman often derive more in his hope from the paternal inheritance than the richest <unk> or <unk> gentleman <unk> in reality from his . , and when he was in the antechamber the cardinal heard him , in his enthusiasm , crying aloud , “ long life to the monseigneur ! , grimaud , ” said mousqueton , handing him the beer <unk> and gimlet	128.3986358642578
. discovered . ” do not see him . ” , ” returned aramis , “ i haven ’ t seen her ; she is much changed . ” mother ; i know that from the gulf in which their enemies have plunged them they have risen with so much vigor and glory that in their turn they have ruled their former conquerors , and have punished them . ” said he , “ i fear one thing , and that is , that the fare of the rue du helder is not so much to your taste as that of the piazza di <unk> . inquired at what time they wished for the carriage . who could assist you ? ” disturb my grandmother ’ s last	69.59339141845703
<unk> ! ” diabolical expression with which the young man uttered these words . he is a noble of very lofty carriage , black hair , <unk> complexion , piercing eye , white teeth , and has a scar on his temple . ” he commenced the <unk> of his riches , and ere <unk> the whole of his immense wealth was safely deposited in the compartments of the secret <unk> . château-renaud ; “ you are the first man i ever met sufficiently courageous to preach egotism . fetch them , and come to my apartment . to their scabbards . ” request to make for yourself , mercédès ? ” s wish also , who would fain have conveyed the old man against his consent ;	109.21363830566406
but the old man resisted , and cried so that they were actually frightened . had thrown himself from the boat into the river and was swimming vigorously toward the person who was drowning ; but being obliged to go against the current he advanced but slowly . you , monsieur , ” continued the countess ; “ i would not have our gratitude become indiscreet or importunate . ” our intelligence , our life , in short , that we promised . the cemetery and laid him in a grave , he would allow himself to be covered with earth , and then , as it was night , the grave-diggers could scarcely have turned their backs before he would have worked his way through the yielding	110.25837707519531
soil and escaped . . ” had come , as he had , to try the port wine , effaced himself behind his cask and consoled himself with the reflection that if he were discovered the crime was not a great one . would have been created by every fertile imagination if le <unk> had not acquired the <unk> in his great <unk> have enjoyed a singular spectacle , if he had lifted up the roof of the little house in the rue <unk> , while debray was casting up his figures . glass window , by the light of the cardinal ’ s lantern , which had been placed on the floor in the midst of the gallery , they saw the orange and pomegranate trees of	100.5001220703125
the castle of rueil , in long lines , forming one great alley and two smaller side alleys . gutenberg ebook the three musketeers *** do you think the king will be condemned ? ” asked athos . both , maximilian ; that will make me at least partly happy . ” grimaud . said debray , delivering up his accounts in the <unk> manner of a stockbroker , “ there are still <unk> francs , the interest of this money , in my hands . ” you stupid fellow ! ” said the young man ; “ i am d ’ artagnan ; don ’ t you know me ? <unk> of athos , porthos , and aramis . that luigi had not felt the strength to	79.57286834716797
support another such trial , and , half by <unk> and half by force , he had removed teresa toward another part of the garden . all the courage which he concealed beneath his elegant form and polished manners to bear him so far . night had driven away the guests from the gardens , and the gates of the villa were closed on them for the <unk> <unk> , he took teresa quite away , and as he left her at her home , he said : but his back , ” resumed grimaud . ” cried d ’ artagnan . my friend ; this youth is an orphan , deserted by his mother , who left him in the house of a poor country priest .	101.48162841796875
, and lasts a minute . ” ; great drops of <unk> sweat fell from his face upon the papers which he held in his convulsed hand . felton came and placed the sentinel . promise which the cardinal had given her if she succeeded in her enterprise . at length understand ? ” they did not lay siege to the hôtel of the duc de la trémouille , and that they did not endeavor to burn it ? —which would not , perhaps , have been a great misfortune in time of war , seeing that it is nothing but a <unk> of huguenots , but which is , in time of peace , a frightful example . asked the count . course , to the chief	92.6075668334961
banker of the town to make inquiries . let us seek the mercer ’ s <unk> is the key of the intrigue . ” his illness , had returned from palma . . play another <unk> , by which i shall gain the heart of both husband and <unk> ! only cost you a <unk> of 5,000 or <unk> francs . ” shall find a house at which we can demand aid and a village from which we can fetch a priest . ” replied la ramee . room and proceeded to take possession of the best apartment in the house , which d ’ artagnan occupied with authority . asked himself if all that was happening to him was not a dream , or at least the	71.48426818847656
delirium of a fever . door carefully after the child , the count appearing not to notice her ; then casting a scrutinizing glance around the chamber , the young wife returned to her chair , in which she seated herself . such a step we should appear to be doubtful of ourselves . porthos . no ! ” just what i can not tell you ; if i did , i should make you as wise as myself , which it is not my intention to do . ” reflect that he had only known the mercer ’ s pretty wife for three hours ; that she owed him nothing but a little gratitude for having delivered her from the men in black , who wished to	79.49945068359375
carry her off , and that she had promised him nothing . lost ! ” monte cristo “ as to the mother of the young <unk> ” to spare his employer the pain of this interview , questioned the new-comer ; but the stranger declared that he had nothing to say to m. emmanuel , and that his business was with m. morrel in person . from here ? ” to the four friends with all sorts of puritan congratulations . you will not oppose our executing the orders we have received ? ” asked one who appeared to be the leader of the party . , who has resided five or six years in italy , does not recollect to have ever seen a ceremony interrupted by	88.2330322265625
one of those events so common in other countries . you doing here , count ? ” . . never trembles , never strikes thirty times <unk> , like the soldier who beheaded the count of chalais , and to whose tender mercy richelieu had doubtless recommended the sufferer . all probability decide the rest of his life . he insulted my father ? ” in his calm manner . you are right in every particular ! ” door harnessed to the carriage as your excellency desired . that this fugitive must be a bandit ; but there is an <unk> sympathy between the roman brigand and the roman peasant and the latter is always ready to aid the former . pleasure that things should be so .	153.58169555664062
” the king taken prisoner ? hope and fear , the clock struck ten . i work i forget everything . ” . ” only to show himself to crush the charge against him ; many others said he would not appear ; while some <unk> that they had seen him start for brussels ; and others went to the <unk> to inquire if he had taken out a passport . this favor and harrison consented . this , <unk> of this , ” he cried ; “ let me save the <unk> ” on entering his house , he met morrel , who wandered about like a ghost awaiting the heavenly mandate for return to the tomb . written under your <unk> , my faith , i	125.30693054199219
renounce the task . ” powerful narcotic with my water . in paris ? electronically , the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund . other person ? ” asked milady , warmly . the troops . ” said porthos s substitute to recompense the <unk> the god of vengeance yields to me his power to punish the wicked ! ” . ” ” , ” said aramis ; “ we want to see the coadjutor , and instantly , as we are in haste . ” lord de winter died , leaving me his sole heir . rendered the happiest of men , identity , but he did not	67.03254699707031
venture to address him . ” . ” duke ’ s disappointment , drew from his pocket a purse filled with gold and handed it to him . can you jest at a time when we have such deep cause for uneasiness ? ” the way , ” and he went in first . the wounded man , in an accent of terror which made the young men shudder ; “ you will not allow that ? , what supplied the place of those fine qualities , ” replied the young man , “ and that was <unk> . very severe with the bonapartists in those days . ” in the morning they perceived amiens , and at half past eleven they were at the door of the	45.901336669921875
cursed inn . portion of the grounds as the <unk> of a walk , or as a place for meditation , was abundantly justified in the choice by the absence of all glare , the cool , <unk> shade , the screen it afforded from the scorching rays of the sun , that found no entrance there even during the burning days of hottest summer , the incessant and melodious <unk> of birds , and the entire <unk> from either the noise of the street or the <unk> of the mansion . hands of the concierge , who takes care of the house , but here is the order i have given him to <unk> the count in his new possessions . ” d ’ artagnan . with	133.05807495117188
you ? duke . ” of my revenge . ” no harm meant , ” answered danglars ; “ at first i certainly did feel somewhat uneasy as to what fernand might be tempted to do ; but when i saw how completely he had <unk> his feelings , even so far as to become one of his rival ’ s attendants , i knew there was no further cause for <unk> ” caderousse looked full at <unk> was ghastly pale . . ” a crime is today a title to favor . captain of the post advanced at the head of a dozen men , holding a lantern in his hand . him , count . ” hey ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ i will	80.80699920654297
be there ten minutes before <unk> ” and he set off running as if the devil possessed him , hoping that he might yet find the stranger , whose slow pace could not have carried him far . bonacieux , _au <unk> ! _ ” letter of the cardinal ? ” said d ’ artagnan . chavigny paid him a visit , the duke used to ask him what he should think if he saw an army of parisians , all fully armed , appear at vincennes to deliver him from prison . , ” replied vampa , pointing to the hollow space in front of which the bandit was on guard , “ and i will go myself and tell him he is free . ” memory	90.08721160888672
, madame , ” continued the count ; “ the day had been burning hot ; you were waiting for horses , which were delayed in consequence of the festival . going to the house of the duc de <unk> , who has sent for him . fire yet with his hot blood , for it is not thirty hours since it was drawn from the wound . ” , thus , madame , three times a day , ” said he . ? ” expected is that you will be arrested . ” death of poor felton ; i pardon you for the attempts upon my own person . the brigand chief , “ give me the torch . ” pleasure and surprise escaped from the lips	72.1587905883789
of valentine , who almost instantly said , in a <unk> tone , as though some envious cloud darkened the joy which illumined her heart : feverish impatience . , with great impatience for the news from england which would announce to him that buckingham would not come . ” said he ; “ you are not unlucky in being charged with such <unk> , particularly if my lord has authorized you to look into her bed . ” he broke my arm ; the second , he wounded me in the breast ; and the third time , made this large <unk> ” the englishman turned down his <unk> , and showed a scar , whose <unk> proved it to be a recent one . able to	97.61170959472656
give us an answer tonight . ” reply he threw himself into the arms of the <unk> , who received him with great coldness . . of me ? ” he asked . screamed she , turning towards the wall , as if she would tear an opening with her hands . and a rigid form with twisted limbs , swollen eyelids , and lips <unk> with bloody foam , lay on the bed of torture , in place of the intellectual being who so lately rested there . cried he , clasping his hands . up the bag of money , and placed it between his teeth . to take a little rosewood casket , with her cipher upon it , and went out again immediately .	80.01126098632812
” cried both the children , throwing their arms around their father ’ s neck . this , albert displayed his most dazzling and effective costumes each time he visited the theatres ; but , alas , his elegant toilet was wholly thrown away , and one of the most worthy <unk> of parisian fashion had to carry with him the <unk> reflection that he had nearly <unk> italy without meeting with a single adventure . lot , i hope to die for the king , for royalty and for god . respect , and i would have married her . ” minutes to <unk> ” , valentine ? ” she was to do so . . ” are out of place , everything should be <unk> arranged	106.40373229980469
. haydée stopped , overcome by such violent emotion that the perspiration stood upon her pale brow , and her stifled voice seemed hardly able to find utterance , so parched and dry were her throat and lips . . ” ” said d ’ arminges , “ it is the common lot ; even an executioner is not <unk> . , ” said athos ; “ we must wait for aramis . ” sir , ” said the queen , “ to the point , and answer me , yes or no ; if the king persists in remaining in england will you send him succor ? to reveal to him . ” faria had so often drawn them for him . strangers had departed , franz	106.9690170288086
was on the road to the piazza di <unk> , listening with studied indifference to the learned dissertation delivered by albert , after the manner of <unk> and <unk> , touching the <unk> nets used to prevent the ferocious beasts from springing on the spectators . , then , very dearly , monsieur chevalier ? ” said she . _ said villefort , “ he is a noble fellow . , baroness , to honor me with an introduction to your daughter ? ” library was a bedroom . do ? the failure of his first search , he began a second , after having told gaetano to roast one of the two kids . a carp . ” ” purse , in which was evidently a part	123.68323516845703
of the sum which the bandit had received , with a dice box and dice , completed the possessions of the dead man . as we used to be ; let us be open with each other . , his brow bathed with perspiration , he counted the seconds by the beating of his heart . remarked danglars , affecting to pity the young man from the bottom of his heart . you meddle , ” said fernand , seizing his arm ; “ but this i know , you have some motive of personal hatred against dantès , for he who himself hates is never mistaken in the sentiments of others . ” , my dear morrel , m. de morcerf will kill me . ” asked	67.9675521850586
mordaunt . grew red , one from shame , the other from anger . o ’ clock at night his horses took him to the barrier of charenton ; there a post-chaise was waiting for <unk> entered it with his valet de chambre , saying that he was going to fontainebleau . ” far from france at that period . he , “ my visit is <unk> ; you , no doubt , stand in need of repose , and i will withdraw . ” by the <unk> of the trench , till they came within a hundred paces of the bastion . . to <unk> , in case your prosperity should cease . it in the <unk> , because i was called away . ” not be	69.85317993164062
surprised had we been forestalled by cromwell . nevertheless . ” said the duke , leading him into the chapel , “ look at these diamond studs , and tell me what they are worth apiece . ” , my poor friends . ” to me ? ” asked the duke . weakness fails , from its <unk> and imperfect organs . ” said porthos , “ it does not exceed two thousand five hundred livres ! look at a <unk> on which was a superb <unk> of silver . she has great and terrible projects . less guilty , monsieur duke ! artagnan found kitty waiting for him . handsome cavalier led her back to the place whence he had taken her , and where luigi awaited	87.80020141601562
her . you do it ? ” asked the lieutenant . can i count on you ? ” and saw the unfortunate man upon his back about four paces off . ” ; it is to him that the queen has been writing all the day . i have studied it in all its forms and in the effects which it produces . . has completely bewildered me . had entire faith in the bravery of planchet , and reminded them of the manner in which he had conducted himself in the <unk> affair of boulogne . . ! ” cried the commissary . , without reckoning the doctor . moment ’ s conversation , in which porthos <unk> that a lady of elevated rank had <unk> to	90.72547912597656
relieve him from his embarrassment , mousqueton entered . ” said felton , “ i will tell you what you were doing , or rather what you meant to do ; you were going to complete the fatal project you cherish in your mind . as a <unk> . of bordeaux wine ; but his eyes , raised toward heaven during this delicious occupation , spoke a language which , though mute , was not the less expressive . ” replied the sergeant , “ their vehicle has broken down a second time ; it really must be doomed . ” you are a gifted individual ! ” of d ’ artagnan ’ s worldly <unk> , be it well understood , from his desire of finding mme	92.80207061767578
. this was a declaration of war between the two kingdoms . and led the way . for the headsman of the nearest town , but at least a day would be gained , and a day might be sufficient for the rescue . upon any ? ” asked danglars . of normandy , ” replied the queen , “ i think i can promise ; but with regard to the present , the cardinal is always telling me there is no more money in the royal coffers . ” ? ” they all asked . ? —the album ! ” than ten minutes in the drawing-room before he drew danglars aside into the recess of a <unk> , and , after an ingenious <unk> , related to	67.93741607666016
him all his <unk> and cares since his noble father ’ s departure . my dear girl , ” said the gascon , who sought for an excuse in his own eyes for breaking the promise he had made athos ; “ you must understand it would be <unk> not to accept such a positive invitation . render an account to herself of the changes she could place upon her countenance , so <unk> and so expressive , she made it take all expressions from that of passionate anger , which convulsed her features , to that of the most sweet , most affectionate , and most <unk> smile . she inquired in a hoarse voice , ‘ did you invite him to sleep here tonight ? ’	100.71763610839844
to reproach myself with , ” said he , stopping albert on the steps . favorable to the minister ; i said to myself that a minister is never loved , but that with the genius this one was said to have he would eventually triumph over his enemies and would make himself feared , which in my opinion is much more to be desired than to be <unk> ” the mention of two places in the palazzo rospoli had recalled to franz the conversation he had overheard the preceding evening in the ruins of the colosseum between the mysterious unknown and the <unk> , in which the stranger in the cloak had undertaken to obtain the freedom of a condemned criminal ; and if this <unk> individual	126.45924377441406
proved ( as franz felt sure he would ) the same as the person he had just seen in the <unk> argentina , then he should be able to <unk> his identity , and also to prosecute his researches respecting him with perfect facility and freedom . had cleared the quai from the pont neuf to the quai saint michael , he raised his sword for them to double their speed . an <unk> . i saw him pass ; but pray , call emmanuel . ” astonished , went toward a large oaken cupboard , opened it , and gave the abbé a long purse of faded red silk , round which were two copper <unk> that had once been gilt . and beckoned the young man	201.9728240966797
in . now standing on his brow , while the garments that hung about him were so ragged that one could only guess at the pattern upon which they had originally been <unk> . but never do them . ” liberty ? sword , and sprang toward the door . ? ” of emotion , in proportion as the proofs that faria , had not been deceived became stronger , so did his heart give way , and a feeling of <unk> stole over him . young friend , has not been of sufficient length to admit of your having passed through any very important events . ” —why not ? ” your thousand crowns from the abbey and the twelve thousand francs you make by selling sermons	189.51898193359375
, are you rich ? ” for ? ” gentleman , ” said one of them , “ who seems as if he were going to join the army . ” d ’ artagnan addressed the four musketeers , “ i am ordered to exercise the greatest possible care in guarding the prisoner , and since there are no locks to the carriage , i shall sit beside him . to instruct them . . betrayed , dug her nails into her flesh to subdue every emotion that might give to her face any expression except agony . villefort , that you are talking in a most dreadfully <unk> strain ? ? mme . head and uttered a cry of joy . the whole scene of that challenge	91.83747863769531
yesterday ; i have been thinking of your firmness all night , and i said to myself that justice must be on your side , or man ’ s countenance is no longer to be relied on . ” or <unk> . , so strange , so new , and so ardent , made him view the infamous and imaginary accusations of milady de winter as , through a <unk> glass , one views as frightful monsters atoms in reality imperceptible by the side of an <unk> . . ” be here ? ” you , debray . ” and they neither saw nor heard of cucumetto . , sir , ” answered a voice which was the voice of high command in the battle-field , “ that	117.99021911621094
he sent against me the only two men capable of getting the better of four men ; of fighting man to man , without discomfiture , against the comte de la fere and the chevalier d ’ herblay , and of <unk> only to fifty men ! seven o ’ clock by the entrance of an <unk> servant , who brought a letter for d ’ artagnan . to do with that purse ? ” whispered he . exclaimed dantès , “ what is the matter ? as to his <unk> place ? ” leaned out to listen . most were <unk> , many of the people used threatening language . entered the rue meslay by the <unk> . find your theme <unk> . ” able to understand	55.78121566772461
how all this is . ” and wore the uniform of musketeers . ” him a baron , and can make him a peer , but he can not make him a gentleman , and the count of morcerf is too aristocratic to consent , for the paltry sum of two million francs , to a <unk> . , furnished in a luxurious manner they had not expected to see under the roof of signor pastrini , and were shown into an elegantly <unk> drawing-room . fly . fancies go too far , ” replied the triumphant bonacieux , “ and i mistrust them . ” , defended himself desperately . , athos ? , then , and come to me first . ” cristo , “ you	74.78588104248047
must not ask of us , the <unk> of fine porcelain , such a question . and let us see what you know . ” , and let us drink . cross . ” the baroness reluctantly gave him , and led her respectfully back to the door . , ” he said ; “ i am ready to obey your eminence . ” that you may be recognized ? ” returned monte cristo “ you know full well that whenever we part , it will be no fault or wish of mine ; the tree <unk> not the <unk> flower falls from the tree . ” you have let fall and i have picked up ; for in three years , madame , i have only seen	73.32288360595703
you four <unk> first , which i have described to you ; the second , at the mansion of madame de chevreuse ; the third , in the gardens of amiens . ” laughed aloud . have heard it , and to enlighten <unk> the two harnesses were worth three hundred pistoles . with nobody ; she is to speak to no one but <unk> you will do her the honor to address a word to her . ” group were much excited . the following epistle : ! <unk> mistaken the spot . no anxiety . the garden ? ” motionless ; he felt that some great and unforeseen misfortune hung over his head . , ” said d ’ artagnan . ? ” to speak a	56.86420822143555
great deal in the murder case , and that you should take something to keep up your strength ; ” and the valet placed the cup on the table nearest to the sofa , which was , like all the rest , covered with papers . porthos , “ that is a duchess of my acquaintance whom i have great trouble to meet on account of the jealousy of her husband , and who sent me word that she should come today to this poor church , buried in this <unk> quarter , solely for the sake of seeing me . ” fere is a <unk> . ” , it was not yours , then . ” of milady , and left the saloon the happiest of men	56.95283508300781
. this , the cardinal had not yet said a word about the duke of buckingham . i think he acted very generously . ” foot , then . ” brought to you that you may add your prayers to those of the faithful , are they ? ” asked franz somewhat <unk> . ran through his whole body , and clutched his heart in a grasp of ice . stormy , a cold wind shook the few remaining yellow leaves from the boughs of the trees , and scattered them among the crowd which filled the <unk> . ” said lord de winter , who perceived what was passing in her mind ; “ yes , you look for the signature , and you say to yourself	78.5362777709961
: ‘ all is not lost , for that order is not signed . had been on the previous evening , and waved his <unk> to his guest in token of adieu . much coveted contained eight hundred thousand livres . for his displeasure . ” chapter 7 . curate , or if he is not at home , go to the convent of the <unk> , which is the last house on the right , and bring me one of the brothers . serve him ; which d ’ artagnan perceiving , ordered two glasses to be brought , and commenced the following conversation . was mistaken . do better . words and let go the ladies , who thanked d ’ artagnan with an eloquent look	84.65444946289062
. with wives , they must be placed at once upon the footing in which you wish them to remain . s having re-entered the world and the extreme sobriety he had observed at table ? of salvation , to keep her safely for the chastisement she has merited . my lord . ” ’ artagnan , picking up a louis and displaying it ; “ here ’ s a louis that <unk> <unk> of straw . ” . ” to keep our word . andrea , i think you have managed this affair rather skilfully ? ” the officer with his <unk> eye , and repeated : myself , and for you , gentlemen , which will be said , gentlemen , for which i have not	84.11734771728516
the least doubt you will be marvelously benefited . ” i have <unk> torture to which i have submitted when i saw the deadly poison poured into your glass , and how i trembled lest you should drink it before i could find time to throw it away ! ” politics only with soldiers and jailers , and you have not an idea , my lord , how little is known of what is going on by people of that sort ; i am of monsieur de bassompierre ’ s party . ? ” asked the officer . the famous room . if ? ” cried he , “ what are we going there for ? ” , who had just gained the good graces of a <unk>	77.77242279052734
, and who had persuaded the latter to let them stand before , instead of behind him , as they ought to have done . and the bastion seemed abandoned . advancing several steps to meet him . but she has most likely returned to the louvre . ” her door stopped , as if he had been changed into stone . ” said debray , “ what you tell us is so extraordinary . ” , whilst d ’ artagnan was on his right ; each guarded a door and served as a rampart to him on either side . porthos , “ ’ tis astonishing how empty violent agitation makes the stomach . ” , but they were at first fixed and <unk> ; then sight	88.56747436523438
returned , and with it feeling and grief . lose as much as two thousand pistoles , laughing all the while till the tears rolled down . ” mercédès ! ” stopped , having reached cours la reine . a short time while the lamp sent forth its final struggles ; its <unk> awoke him , and he found his fingers as damp and purple as though they had been dipped in blood . , musketeers , one of whom , by the by , had a dispute with a <unk> man who sought a quarrel with him , for i don ’ t know what . ” to his brow ; there was no doubt upon the subject . port , ” said aramis ; “ it	84.80575561523438
will refresh you . ” proved himself as brave and faithful as ever . my uncle that the emperor remembered him , and you will see it will bring tears into the old soldier ’ s eyes . , ” replied franz , “ but our neighbor , the count of monte cristo . ” a strong wrist , but his agility was superior to all force . one forget the happiest days of flowery youth , one ’ s dearest friends , the dangers we have dared together ? said athos , “ in a position so precarious as ours we must examine the earth and not the heavens . it is but too true ! ” louis made a gesture of indescribable anger and alarm ,	102.02831268310547
and then drew himself up as if this sudden blow had struck him at the same moment in heart and countenance . with joy . devoted to each other ; but when it becomes a question of serving the cardinal or of fighting him , of being mazarinists or frondists , then we are only two . ” that he performed from time to time some of those early masses which the common people , generally , alone attended . will do as he says , ” he murmured , with his little monkey smile ; “ but they may do as they please , the brave gentlemen ! the priest . guitant . said peppino . here at midnight . ” the keeper of the seals ;	101.85491943359375
he has the right of entry at the tuileries , and can procure you audience at any hour of the day or night . ” countenance there was more to fear than i had thought . again as if by a spring . of raoul was pronounced , looked <unk> at d ’ artagnan , in order to see if any curiosity was painted on his face . prisoners in it , ” answered comminges . word ? ” he said . a <unk> who were constantly near the prisoner , assisted in picking up the tennis balls . have lived happily amongst those good people , who adored me , but my <unk> disposition prevailed over the virtues which my adopted mother endeavored to <unk> into my	104.73635864257812
heart . another kind of recreation , in which a handkerchief is filled with sand , pebbles , and <unk> pieces , when they have them , which the wretches beat like a <unk> over the head and shoulders of the unhappy sufferer . that name to me ? ” although he <unk> against it . by a long and fearful state of terrified silence on the part of those who were left behind . with him again in the course of our history , it may be well for our readers to be made at once acquainted with him . <unk> , ” observed eugénie ; “ she would look far better if she wore <unk> , and we should then be able to see her finely	84.26090240478516
formed throat and wrists . ” importance . ” , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ that you will wait until i have proved myself worthy of it . my doublet , like yourself . ” eugénie opened a drawer , of which she kept the key , and took from it a <unk> violet silk travelling cloak . more lively and anxious to please than he had hitherto been . chair , took the pen and signed . , and was no more heard of . ” replied monte cristo ; “ besides , has she <unk> ” there will be enough to go around . ” all my protestations , if it be as i suspect , my cunning gossip will assure me that he	82.001953125
holds his eminence in horror . ” i am too good-natured . ” said franz , “ let us to the colosseum . ” a young and charming woman , whom he loved , not passionately , but reasonably , as became a deputy attorney of the king ; and besides her personal attractions , which were very great , mademoiselle de saint-méran ’ s family possessed considerable political influence , which they would , of course , <unk> in his favor . <unk> only thing i specify is one of those <unk> ; and tell the confectioner that i will promise him my custom if he <unk> this time in his <unk> only now , but when i leave my prison . ” at the tuileries chapter	117.37413024902344
11 . go out too late , nobody will see us , ” said porthos , “ and that will be a pity . , who was constantly doing actions of this kind . ” , and therefore he retained the entire confidence of his superior , la ramee , who now relied upon him more than he did upon himself , for , as we have said , la ramee felt at the bottom of his heart a certain weakness for monsieur de beaufort . aside all rancor and talk pleasantly . ” into the river . only crimes , ” said she : “ there are certain virtues which he pursues more severely than certain <unk> . ” in one single throw . ” he ,	78.43833923339844
“ monseigneur ’ s order is , you know , to conduct that woman , without losing time , to fort la pointe , and never to leave her till she is on board . ” ? ” asked he . of la <unk> . you for the <unk> manner which you observed between me and eugénie , as in speaking of the man whom i could not love , my thoughts involuntarily reverted to him on whom my affections were fixed . ” expectation , when the <unk> of august came , the house opened as usual , and cocles appeared behind the grating of the <unk> , examined all bills presented with the usual scrutiny , and , from first to last , paid all with	118.10961151123047
the usual precision . for me . ” d ’ artagnan . said porthos , “ when all my expenses are paid , i shall have , at most , thirty crowns left . ” apply to me ? ” us his name , although he does not talk much ) <unk> grimaud , then , went down to the cellar , wounded as he was ; then his master , having admitted him , barricaded the door afresh , and ordered us to remain quietly in our own bar . ” . the horses standing a few minutes since at the door ? ” of laughter . ’ t consulted my daughter ; but if she has good <unk> ” the count , motioning the two young	63.504371643066406
men to sit down . silence , the lady inquired : his island of monte cristo twenty times , but not once had he found an opportunity of landing there . cardinal saluted the three friends with an inclination of his head , and took the right hand , followed by his <unk> that night he himself slept in the camp . custom , was thinking much and saying little . , no doubt , with an intention of escape ? ” of henry iv . declare , d ’ artagnan , i think it of much more consequence than the little piece of waste paper you have so <unk> slipped into your bosom . ” ” with the same <unk> pomp , was brought to m. de	79.53907012939453
villefort ’ s door , and the coffin removed into it from the <unk> . editions not protected by u.s. copyright law means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works , so the foundation ( and you ! ) good idea , for it isn ’ t warm . ” his friend ’ s entreaties , and bade him find a shepherd to send to rita ’ s father at frosinone . chair , feeling that i was about to fall , but this support was soon insufficient on account of my weak arms . either riches or poverty , if my valentine was near me , and i felt certain that no one could deprive me of her ? up those stairs .	95.22349548339844
then , ” said the count , “ who this deeply regretted son was ; for i always understood you were a bachelor . ” greater pleasure than that of fulfilling her grandmother ’ s last <unk> ; there will be no obstacle from that quarter , i assure you . ” ! ” cried the jesuit . would die of it ! ” except that his beard has turned gray and his hair is white ; do you know him ? ” asked the host . ones he had so often thought of was thinking of him , and striving to diminish the distance that separated them . in prison , monsieur du vallon and myself , because we could not believe that he had sent us	67.03929138183594
to england to quietly look on while they cut off the head of charles i. , brother-in-law of the late king , your husband , the <unk> of madame henrietta , your sister and your guest , and because we did all that we could do to save the life of the royal martyr . said athos . of the battle which on the following day was to save france the second time from <unk> was <unk> in his mind . <unk> le <unk> ’ 1 ” said richelieu . o ’ clock under the pretense of being indisposed . ; i will do mine elsewhere . should like to know , ” persisted caderousse , “ should they put dantès in prison ? your particular world .	93.98643493652344
fellow , excuse me ; i am lodged like a <unk> . and fearful of being left to perish on the desolate island , i swam off on a piece of <unk> to try and intercept your course . ! with unspeakable distrust . fire in the rooms adjoining the very apartment of the lovely carmela . , d ’ artagnan ? ” asked athos . upon the cambric front of a shirt , which had considerably changed in color since his entrance into the prison , and he polished his varnished boots with the corner of a handkerchief embroidered with <unk> surmounted by a coronet . your majesty on the side of your honor , it would be quite another thing , and i should be the	125.6494140625
first to say , ‘ no grace , <unk> grace for the guilty ! ’ happily , there is nothing of the kind , and your majesty has just acquired a new proof of it . ” ” said monte cristo . receive it from your father personally , but lord wilmore will be the security for the money . 40,000 francs for your share , besides the 100,000 you furnished me to begin with , making in all <unk> francs for your portion . the _cicerone_ , seeing franz approach the window , “ shall i bring the carriage nearer to the palace ? ” frondeur , ’ ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i should knock here and should be sure of a good supper	102.55416870117188
. the walls and call out to a man who works in the moat to send them back again . ” , my dear monsieur mouston , but i warn you that paris will be burnt down to-night ; ” upon which mousqueton had declared , without asking anything further , that he was ready to follow his master and monsieur d ’ artagnan to the end of the world . was drawn up as to this affair , i suppose ? ” inquired the englishman . did toward the opening . parted with him . ” ties of friendship or <unk> consideration will induce you to conceal the truth . ” eight hundred piastres . ” musketeers showed to d ’ artagnan that his words began to	61.190223693847656
make some impression on them . refer ? forty to forty-five years , but he seemed at least fifty , and his black moustache and eyebrows contrasted strangely with his almost white hair , which was cut short , in the military fashion . , my dear porthos ; a man is not privileged in all ways , ” said d ’ artagnan . they all , with one accord . gondy , ” said the duchess , “ you remind one of the <unk> . the adventure of the preceding night , and the embarrassment in which he found himself placed by not having sufficient cash by six or seven hundred piastres to make up the sum required , and finally of his application to the count	101.66645812988281
and the picturesque and satisfactory result that followed . same thing . ” cardinal arranged his shoulder belt , then looked with great <unk> at his hands , which were most elegant and of which he took the greatest care ; and throwing on one side the large kid gloves tried on at first , as belonging to the uniform , he put on others of silk only . guards received bonacieux in their arms from the officer who supported him . his smooth exterior at the donjon of vincennes . i will allow no one to annoy you . ” rue de la <unk> . quarter will be agreeable to you , since for the moment you have no master but god ? ” ! ” said	135.30967712402344
porthos , almost burying his large feet in the <unk> . ” asked franz , “ what do you wish me to do with this paper ? ” tears in his eyes and heaving breast , and without uttering a word he gave her the letter . one to save the other ? not exaggerate the evil , ” said monte cristo , “ for by endeavoring to avoid one fault you will fall into another . to give some orders he saw mousqueton approaching . come , but i had so long been prepared for it that my heart did not fail in the least . them , at least , the duke of <unk> and the princess <unk> , are far away from me , exposed	59.68662643432617
to the blows of the ambitious and our foes ; my husband , the king , is leading in england so wretched an existence that it is no exaggeration to <unk> that he seeks death as a thing to be desired . by one <unk> the doomed ship even before the vessel weighs anchor , so all the numerous clerks had by degrees deserted the office and the warehouse . if he had a mistress . middle height , with thin reddish whiskers , light complexion and light hair , turning rather gray . observed m. noirtier at one of the open windows , where the old man had been placed that he might enjoy the last rays of the sun which yet yielded some heat , and	224.70668029785156
was now shining upon the dying flowers and red leaves of the <unk> which twined around the balcony . point of free will which is a mortal rock . anything to you by word of mouth ? ” <unk> man , or better <unk> in these matters , he would have been surprised at the king ’ s procureur answering him on such a subject , instead of referring him to the <unk> of the prison or the prefect of the department . our musketeers , preparing to listen to a letter one of them had just received . the room , leaving to planchet and fourreau the duty of paying <unk> honors to brisemont . ” said a loud voice outside the room , “ in the	128.26370239257812
name of the law ! ” as no attempt was made to prevent it , the door was opened , and a magistrate , wearing his official scarf , presented himself , followed by four soldiers and a corporal . by the many storms that have broken over my head , that i am become passive in the hands of the almighty , like a sparrow in the <unk> of an eagle . concealed in this wood . ” been a man , you would not have let him go from here . ’ you , make you sign a flaming parchment , <unk> your soul to him as <unk> did his <unk> ? ” struck eleven . ” said groslow . asked mazarin . in the morning	88.21826934814453
he was at the apartment of athos . a sort of mental superiority over those whose lives we know better than they suppose . south , he was a man of <unk> habits and moderate desires , but fond of external show , vain , and <unk> to display . a second <unk> . ” compelled to marry his daughter perhaps , ” replied albert , laughing . , ” said aramis . use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever . bound to do , being in possession of this secret ? ” said d ’ artagnan , with an astonishment which this time was not pretended . immediately . crime	63.402889251708984
will profit , ’ says an axiom of <unk> . ” of the eagle is closed forever . suspect him ; felton himself might now be watched ! , though you do not know him ; m. de monte cristo knows everybody . ” went on , looked at him with increasing astonishment . the rest ventured to pass the door and to advance on tiptoe . , and there they lost her . ” then , we two with our swords , you with daggers . up and down his cell to collect his thoughts , and then went back and listened . of madame de villefort , ” he said to the nurse . benedetto , “ i am asked for proofs , do you wish	78.66956329345703
me to give them ? ” said danglars , “ he fancies himself captain already , upon my word . ” much money as i want ; mother assunta always <unk> me when i ask for it ! has come from palermo , naples , or rome to france by sea must know it , since he has passed close to it and must have seen it . ” ambitious , must he not ? exclaimed monte cristo in a tone of exquisite sweetness . to m. de la trémouille . , but when a chief presents himself he rarely has to wait long for a band of followers . of the great charlemagne . ” do not be offended at the question i am about to put	107.55767059326172
to you , as it comes in the way of my duty as your patron . something . ” to kill that man ! ” said d ’ artagnan . astonishment . have tried to stop number three of the <unk> , who gained the prize in the race today , ” replied franz ; “ and then moreover , what could happen to him ? ” as you desire , monsieur , for you were warned just now , and i now again warn you . ” to you . ” , or have never been outside the harbor , you must know . ” <unk> , after the <unk> of saint bartholomew : ‘ how have i played my little part ? ’ ” villefort was	58.80567169189453
stretched across the doorway leading to the room in which edward must be ; those <unk> eyes seemed to watch over the threshold , and the lips bore the <unk> of a terrible and mysterious irony . i was here already ? ” said the young man . with me , m. de villefort , that general quesnel , whom they believed attached to the usurper , but who was really entirely devoted to me , has perished the victim of a bonapartist <unk> ? ” then ? ” cried mordaunt , as if disposed to reply at once to the <unk> . see , there is a deadly <unk> between us . ” around in the armchair ; a delicious torpor <unk> every vein . morning that	64.91294860839844
i had a heart , did i not , count ? ” monte cristo only answered by extending his hand to the young man . , as much money as what you wish me to undertake will require . one , ” said kitty , “ who appears to me quite a different sort of a man from that poor monsieur d ’ artagnan . ” : they were to follow the road toward compiegne and on <unk> from the forest turn to the right . murmured caderousse , seeking to regain the window , which the count <unk> <unk> “ reverend sir , i don ’ t <unk> me—i take my <unk> ” assertion , will you not , beauchamp ? ” said albert with increased though	82.665283203125
stifled anger . , ” said ; m. de villefort , “ and see what this new fancy of your grandfather ’ s <unk> ” valentine rose quickly , and was hastening joyfully towards the door , when m. de villefort altered his intention . , ” asked albert , “ that we ought to accept such offers from a perfect stranger ? ” follow the road to the camp protected by his esquire and the two musketeers , and return to athos . interesting and even necessary that we should say a few words about it , particularly as many details of this siege are connected in too important a manner with the story we have undertaken to relate to allow us to pass it over in	113.07164001464844
silence . ” said m. de tréville , “ i was so confident of your loyalty that i required no other <unk> before his majesty than yourself . time ? ” asked the man in the cloak . i am at liberty ? ” , he could see the <unk> of <unk> and musketeers around the scaffold and the first ranks of the populace <unk> and groaning like the sea . and the same cry , but that of athos <unk> all the rest . , rubbed his eyelids , and opened his eyes . this letter ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . ring with a dull , heavy sound , seeming to participate , in the general sadness , before the concierge appeared and peeped through	69.68421173095703
the door , which he opened just wide enough to allow his words to be heard . property ! ” ! , and to do her justice , she was very useful to us . indeed , madame , ” continued monte cristo , “ the secret <unk> of the east begin with a love <unk> and end with a death <unk> with paradise and end <unk> . five or six of the cardinal ’ s guards , who recognized d ’ artagnan , and knowing that it was he who had wounded jussac , they looked upon him with a smile of singular meaning . brothers , because you are a gentleman , because the kings of all countries are the first among gentlemen , because the	64.92353057861328
blind populace , ungrateful and brutal , always takes pleasure in pulling down what is above them . eminence will give you all that you <unk> , money , and titles . ” , very well , ” said the major , <unk> the buttons of his coat at each exclamation . my age , for i have not counted the years i have been here . of a conspiracy against england will your honor give me all four of them ? ” pale . belong to your profession , ” answered caderousse , “ and you do well to repeat them ; but , ” added he , with a bitter expression of countenance , “ one is free to believe them or not , as one	90.66121673583984
pleases . ” , they would not question people in this manner , ” said d ’ artagnan to himself . old greek legend the <unk> , or children of <unk> , were doomed to punishment because of the abominable crime of their father . hard to please , <unk> , ” returned albert , “ did we not think him delightful . bowed and left the room , giving orders that valentine should be summoned to her grandfather ’ s presence , and feeling sure that she would have much to do to restore calmness to the <unk> spirit of the invalid . . ” child ’ s name in his tablets . he gave me and the cross i took from his hand ; he desired	88.0589370727539
they should be returned to the queen . ” artagnan , beware , ” said aramis . said the young man , with an air of sorrowful resignation , to faria , “ that god <unk> it right to take from me any claim to merit for what you call my devotion to you . shall be . ” to the side of the table where the fair <unk> sat , and leaning over her chair said tenderly : tell you all this with tears of <unk> anguish , can you reply that i am wrong , can you prevent my putting an end to my miserable existence ? something of the highest importance to tell you . ” place , and stay there ; i get tired	81.59844207763672
of it , and leave it ; i am free as a bird and have wings like one ; my attendants obey my slightest wish . , you kept him waiting a long time at boulogne . ” has gone again ; the true one , as you say . ” as in all probability i own my present safety to that influence , it would ill become me to search too closely into its source ; therefore , instead of <unk> him for his intimacy with <unk> , you must give me leave to excuse any little <unk> there may be in such a connection ; not altogether for preserving my life , for my own idea was that it never was in much danger , but	146.1008758544922
certainly for saving me 4,000 piastres , which , being translated , means neither more nor less than <unk> livres of our <unk> sum at which , most assuredly , i should never have been estimated in france , proving most <unk> , ” added albert with a laugh , “ that no prophet is honored in his own country . ” an anxious and rapid glance over the field of battle . beauchamp , debray , and château-renaud were talking of the very sudden death of the marchioness . too weak to use this sword , raoul , so much the better . the same time uneasy , ran after him and seized him by the arm . thing . ” minute or two , it appeared	135.91941833496094
to d ’ artagnan that m. dessessart made him a sign to approach . a rock , he saw , a thousand feet beneath him , his companions , whom jacopo had rejoined , and who were all busy preparing the repast which edmond ’ s skill as a <unk> had <unk> with a capital dish . as you see , great need of hearing from you . said albert , with a cold and formal bow . finish the work ! ” cried porthos . ” the better , we will fire the first shot together . ” united states , check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading , copying , displaying , performing , distributing or creating	66.52656555175781
derivative works based on this work or any other project gutenberg™ work . you know , my dear friend , madame du vallon—— ” ’ s old servant , opened it . you looking for them ? ” manner , colonel , ” said d ’ artagnan . dead ? ” ; then , after a slight hesitation , she resumed . . so kind before . power , therefore ; take as large an escort as you like . ” you will go and examine it . ” like a defeated man , heaved a sigh that was like a groan , and then suddenly looking her full in the face , with clenched teeth and expanded nostrils , said , — “ but if he is	57.58879470825195
<unk> ” of an intimacy of too tender a nature with coligny , who , for her sake , had been killed in a duel , in the place royale , by the duc de guise . athos , extending his hand to one of the <unk> windows by which the room was lighted ; “ you will soon know what to expect , for here he is . ” fearful agony pervaded her frame , and she sank panting into the arms of porthos and aramis . up by henry iv . that point , for the musketeers belong to our forces and monsieur de <unk> , the substitute for monsieur d ’ artagnan , still holds his place . ” . ” , his two auditors	63.845523834228516
, accompanied by the host , fell upon d ’ artagnan with sticks , <unk> and <unk> . at what time is it her wish to start ? ” his own room ; and after asking bernouin , who stood at the door , whether anything had occurred during his absence , and being answered in the negative , he desired that he might be left alone . d ’ artagnan ; “ a singular commission . ” , ” said i , “ and in addition to my dishonor , you shall have my death to reproach yourself with . ” ” exclaimed the count . , that i see how hopeless the position of the king is , tell me with what you are charged on	65.58248138427734
the part of my royal husband . ” was a woman here ? ” replied aramis , becoming as pale as death . . ” , that ought to have protected charles ’ s retreat , was advancing to meet the english regiments . out this evening . ” , ” said the young man , “ here is <unk> come round again ; tell me , is this the moment for a wedding ? ” , discovered a mine in <unk> , and comes to paris to <unk> a <unk> <unk> at auteuil . ” already <unk> recompensed ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . our appearance that we were people of quality , and not <unk> ? ” his intentions ; but albert had great projects	55.326568603515625
to put into execution before going to the theatre ; and instead of making any answer , he inquired if signor pastrini could procure him a tailor . exclaimed cromwell . <unk> . ’ s orders ? ” inquired gaetano . him perfectly , ” cried m. de boville ; “ he was crazy . ” evinced the best intention in the world , but one of the precautions taken at vincennes was that of allowing prisoners to keep no money . you thought ? ” asked the young man anxiously , in his turn descending from the table . or not , my opinion is still the same , ” returned albert . épinay passed for one of the best swordsmen in the army , but he	71.24810028076172
was pressed so closely in the <unk> that he missed his aim and fell . sir , ” was monte cristo ’ s response , in a tone and with an emphasis so deep that villefort involuntarily shuddered . absorbed in an interesting conversation with m. cavalcanti , he paid no attention to anything that was passing . ? ” thousand means of <unk> the _moccoletto_ ? —the gigantic <unk> , the monstrous <unk> , the superhuman <unk> . very current , and m. de tréville loved <unk> as well as a king , or even a cardinal . seat to m. de boville , who took it without ceremony , and quickly drew up the required assignment , while the englishman counted out the bank-notes on the	139.02943420410156
other side of the desk . their heads in silence . against you ; i tell you . ” said morcerf , “ i thank you sincerely for having used so much candor towards me , and i gratefully accept the exclusion which you propose . come from auteuil here ? ” into the chamber , leaving the door open behind him , and making a sign to milady to be silent ; his face was much agitated . <unk> the <unk> , not the <unk> . ” , then. ” and monte cristo took the letter , which he opened and read . and half the garden , and building a wall between the garden and the <unk> , had let them upon <unk> with the pavilions	66.03160858154297
at the bottom of the garden . me in your way ; i saw a woman knocking at the window of one of my friends . ” three friends had remained <unk> , their eyes dilated , their arms extended like statues , and , motionless as they were , the beating of their hearts was audible . thing be possible . ” morrel , do you not , grandpapa ? ” asked valentine . he still in prison ? ” , ” said the duke to those present , who dared not even smile , “ that it is the ‘ illustrious coxcomb ’ who is the greatest thief in the world ; at least , according to pistache . ” slowly with her hand , while	56.79664993286133
drawing him nearer with her look ; but felton , in his turn , embraced her more closely , <unk> her like a <unk> . am sure of it , ” continued the host . ” said the officer , “ everything is quiet <unk> i did not know that something is going on in yonder house ! ” up together , passing all their time with each other , and giving themselves up to the wild ideas of their different characters . ? ” asked morcerf . ’ whether i ever told you that when i was at <unk> i was <unk> strong in greek . ” replying , feeling his desire to don the musketeer ’ s uniform <unk> increased by the great difficulties which preceded	73.28551483154297
the <unk> of it . of that period , athos rode and fenced to perfection . watch and play a close game ; for , ” he added with a sigh , “ we two are equal , perhaps , to eight others ; but we are not equal to the four that you know of . ” , count , ” said julie , “ will you permit us to express to you all that the other <unk> ” ? ” demanded milady . are right , and i am glad to see that you do justice to the count at last . own good fortune ! ” replied scarron , “ i suppose you wish to propose to her an alliance offensive and defensive . ”	62.122276306152344
, ” continued athos , “ what is the penalty you demand against this woman ? ” conscience with them , as with us . ” off his dress , carefully preserved the bunch of violets ; it was his token reserved for the morrow . the boulevard , on my way here , ” said beauchamp . the game at tennis took place in the open air . that time said nothing for fear that d ’ artagnan , interrupted in his turn , should not have the time necessary , from this moment declared that his name was athos , and not d ’ artagnan . d ’ artagnan , drawing his sword and taking refuge behind his horse ; “ are you not mistaken ?	71.36975860595703
, who , unable to bear the universal gaze now riveted on him alone , advanced staggering into the midst of the tribunal , with his hair dishevelled and his face <unk> with the mark of his nails . , gout ! ” of his , ” said danglars , shrugging his shoulders . and cries of pain began to be heard in the crowd . around . all cried out , “ straw ! the cardinal , in a tone that contrasted strongly with the severity of his words , “ you have constituted yourselves judges , without remembering that they who punish without license to punish are assassins ? ” and started as he did so , for a vague remembrance reminded him that it once	148.74798583984375
belonged to himself . meet you ; but , ” added he , looking at d ’ artagnan with a certain degree of uneasiness , “ you know what has happened to me ? ” ! ” said porthos ; “ and i turned my horse aside from going plump on to him ! is imperative . age of extravagant hopes , monseigneur , ” said d ’ artagnan . of twenty-five or twenty-six years , with dark hair , blue eyes , and a nose slightly turned up , admirable teeth , and a complexion <unk> with rose and opal . moment ; mousqueton shrieked with pain . although past the first <unk> of youth , was still <unk> handsome ) was now seated at the piano	81.47305297851562
, a most <unk> piece of cabinet and inlaid work , while lucien debray , standing before a small <unk> , was turning over the pages of an album . the last pressure of their hands expressing what their tongues could not before a stranger . morrel ; i was really happy . ” been placed here on purpose . ” which <unk> the sun from the grapes , and won the heart of the gardener . fellow , ” said d ’ artagnan . in front of the cardinal ; this was his second interview with richelieu , and he afterward confessed that he felt well assured it would be his last . it not , monseigneur , and i shall have nothing else to do ?	88.8114013671875
” , handsome , young , and bold ; he spoke of love like a man who did love and was anxious to be loved in return . de chatillon . fernand , and villefort the oath of implacable vengeance he had made in his dungeon . a half-pistole may have . carried off 3,000 crowns from here the other day ? ” the most charming persons that <unk> <unk> d ’ aubigne . ” , ” said aramis , with that ingenious air of confidence which every poet has in himself ; “ but let me be properly acquainted with the subject . , in spite of its striking appearance and the graceful effect of the <unk> planted in the two vases , as they waved their	104.295654296875
<unk> leaves in the wind and charmed the eye with their scarlet <unk> , had fallen into utter <unk> . generous , neither does he possess that supernatural penetration which you attribute to him , for if he did , he would have perceived that i was unhappy ; and if he had been generous , seeing me sad and solitary , he would have used his influence to my advantage , and since , as you say , he resembles the sun , he would have warmed my heart with one of his <unk> rays . from the château d ’ if , and they are firing the alarm gun , ” replied dantès . milady , in a hollow , faint voice , “ what brings	113.70960235595703
you back to me , and what do you want with me ? ” , if you please ? ” full in front . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , carefully avoiding to utter either the former name borne by porthos or his new one , “ then he has not forgotten me ? ” peppino who was preparing to mount guard as comfortably as possible by seating himself opposite to the door , and placing between his legs an <unk> pan , containing <unk> <unk> with <unk> . pass hours either in her oratory or in her room , without either reading or praying . inquired for the woman ; you should have traced her . ” a fellow he is ; a man who nearly	126.56632232666016
killed mazarin between two doors . on her brow , as if to force the fugitive ideas it contained to <unk> in a moment . that andrea feared he should be obliged to notice the change . through him—a chill even to his heart ’ s <unk> . most distant a ... plan was formed . dear child , adieu for the present . <unk> period , in the midst of which we were born , without some stain of infamy or blood to soil the uniform of the soldier , or the gown of the magistrate . not be accomplished . ” the project the count had of visiting paris ; and he had no doubt but that , with his eccentric character , his characteristic face	135.51856994628906
, and his <unk> fortune , he would produce a great effect there . thought d ’ artagnan , “ ’ tis our road likewise ; we will go together . ” , but unfortunately he is not in paris . ” count , ” exclaimed danglars , “ i never for an instant entertained such a feeling towards you . ” son ! ” said the count . them eighty trusses , making in all four hundred and thirty . <unk> , <unk> , <unk> <unk> , embroidered <unk> , velvet <unk> , elegantly worked stockings , striped <unk> , and silver buckles for the shoes , all disappeared ; and gaspard caderousse , unable to appear abroad in his <unk> splendor , had given up any	92.96975708007812
further participation in the <unk> and <unk> , both for himself and wife , although a bitter feeling of envious discontent filled his mind as the sound of mirth and merry music from the joyous <unk> reached even the miserable hostelry to which he still clung , more for the shelter than the profit it afforded . said to the duchess , “ i have had the boldness to present myself at your hotel without being known to you ; it has succeeded , since you deign to receive me . it with this madman ? ” exclaimed he , turning round as the noise of the door announced the entrance of the host , who came in to inquire if he was <unk> . of milady ,	135.04275512695312
” said athos to d ’ artagnan . , not to kill him <unk> i had an opportunity of doing so a hundred <unk> to kill him without being <unk> least , without being arrested . to extend his hand , but it fell powerless beside him . ? the captain . mousqueton , breathing more freely , “ you are only going , then , to make a visit ? ” at my age they say that we have no more tears , <unk> i think that when one is in trouble one should have the power of weeping . a word . all <unk> were clothed happily , all ideas wore a smile , all shades were <unk> . milady , in a trembling voice ,	74.69222259521484
“ why do you not enter ? smile . resolution ? ” said morrel , shrugging his shoulders ; “ is there anything extraordinary in a journey ? ” ” said the banker , stopping the young man ; “ do you hear that delightful <unk> ? infant in the arms of old ocean , and on the bosom of the beautiful <unk> ; i have sported with the green mantle of the one and the azure robe of the other ; i love the sea as a mistress , and pine if i do not often see her . ” ” he said , hastily , “ do you know if the count is within ? ” the door opened , and a coachman appeared . the	52.420894622802734
guards immediately sprang forward , and two other soldiers having joined them , the number was deemed sufficient . two objects in a safe place , nor should i accept them if the resources of our ancient fortune were left to us , but our estates are <unk> , our ready money is exhausted , and we are reduced to turn to service everything we possess . , nor shed a tear , but a deadly pallor spread over his face ; he knelt down on the ground , raised winter ’ s head , and <unk> the order of the saint <unk> , placed it on his own breast . , your lost child . ” ” replied the secretary with slight uneasiness . . ” one	159.15599060058594
, ” said d ’ artagnan to himself . be allowed to go ; i am almost a prisoner . ” from that man ? ” be as safe as in a temple ; i give you my word of a gentleman . ” joyfully replied the italian ; “ yes , i am really he . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , stooping in his turn on the neck of his horse , and answering on his side through the carriage window . the crimes , the power , and the infernal genius of milady had more than once terrified him . my life depends on your answer . hear them call for help ? ” . ” moment . in arabic to ali , and	49.51313018798828
the horses went on at great speed . sound was heard , and instead of one figure , as he had expected , he perceived that two were approaching him . know how we are situated ? must be horribly bored , and have my sympathy . ” ” said andrea , “ i assure you i have never given the subject a thought , but i suppose it must have been at least two millions . ” montlhéry , you mean ? ” you said i offended the good god , ’ said la carconte with a horrid smile . said she , “ i can assure you that you have severely punished me ; and if in the time to come you should find yourself in	69.7206039428711
a similar situation , you have but to apply to me . ” ! ” said franz , interrupting himself . it is a sepulcher and nothing else . ” , then ? ” asked dantès , who after believing himself free , now began to feel a <unk> alarm . the duke , who from time to time looked at the clock , the fingers of which seemed to move with <unk> <unk> . ? ” replied danglars ; “ gone , as every prudent man ought to be , to look after his own affairs , most likely . then , sir , ” said raoul , “ and you will deign to tell me who is the person that you call the young indian ?	50.5750617980957
” de beaufort ? porthos . , free step of an <unk> or an <unk> . arabs of rome , more fortunate than those of paris , understand every language , more especially the french , they heard the traveller order an apartment , a dinner , and finally inquire the way to the house of thomson & french . uncommon in italy , if we may credit travellers , the <unk> did not manifest the least incredulity , but congratulated albert on his success . ’ s temperament could not long indulge in that melancholy which can exist in common minds , but which <unk> superior ones . porthos , shaking his head , “ never should i have thought this of him ! seated himself .	161.15489196777344
objects with his eyes , his alarm every moment increasing . heaven , you ! ” cried the queen ; “ but look me in the face . great simplicity of thought , and without education ; he could not , therefore , in the solitude of his dungeon , traverse in mental vision the history of the ages , bring to life the nations that had perished , and rebuild the ancient cities so vast and stupendous in the light of the imagination , and that pass before the eye glowing with celestial colors in martin ’ s <unk> pictures . , as you did in the time of louis xiii . out . ” ” , in my rooms , he made his <unk> amongst us	150.262451171875
by striking every man of us with amazement , not even excepting château-renaud . ” out an exact <unk> of his affairs . supper , but he rose quickly on hearing the two friends announced . cavalcanti , crossing his arms , “ one has friends . ” <unk> , eating his hay . its hinges . doing there ? ” cried the two friends . floor , according to a custom in provincial <unk> , were barred , so that they strongly resembled the windows of a prison . charles , “ call me your father . ” send him to paris . ” advanced toward him , took him by the hand and presented him to scarron . , all turned their eyes to the bench	90.0222396850586
where the four friends were seated . to the hilt in rita ’ s left breast . quickly or more <unk> a journey than a thought which <unk> in itself all the faculties of the organization of him who thinks . the abbé , “ we may hope to put our design into execution . ” , ” said the duke , “ you are the only man to turn such <unk> compliments . ” , ” said the queen . , sir , that <unk> exist , and that these marked and invisible beings mingle amongst us ? ” the sword of the gentleman we may as well have the head of the puritan . lives . ” ” said mousqueton , “ i can ’ t	65.54899597167969
swim ; let me stay here . ” ridiculous <unk> for my head , it seems to suit my shoulders so correctly . , prevent me from sleeping with your security . ” was engaged in cutting the four sides of a pane of glass with a diamond . , <unk> ? ” she said , “ and why art thou not at notre dame ? ” or black , were raised behind by the point of a sword , or before by the barrel of an <unk> or a musket . possessed of that strange character which has so often made me tremble ! ” , but she has only been shaken by it ; and this time , at any rate , valentine will not die	79.15070343017578
. ” one except major bartolomeo cavalcanti and his son . ” the service . ” hear me tell you , monsieur d ’ artagnan , that i don ’ t know where he is ? ” that ? ” had brought dantès back to the circular rock . ” said aramis , almost involuntarily ; “ i fancied that i recognized mazarin himself . ” picard . ” . produce any witnesses to the truth of what you have <unk> ? ’ — ‘ alas , no , monsieur , ’ replied the count ; ‘ all those who surrounded the vizier , or who knew me at his court , are either dead or gone away , i know not where . the country , half	58.13910675048828
by the protection of her cousin , half through what we have personally done for her , we shall obtain from the queen what we desire . closet of the wounded duke laporte and patrick . ” will follow your advice . ” ” ” this enigma . and what do you want ? ” cried she . she seized his hand and led him to her grandfather . papers of all sorts , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , which were kept in the <unk> of the family , all descending from the poisoned cardinal , i in my turn examined the immense <unk> of documents , like twenty <unk> , <unk> , secretaries before me ; but in spite of the most <unk> researches , i	87.74031066894531
<unk> . the four friends is <unk> ’ ” the innkeeper shivered . brow was the only trace of emotion that charles evinced , as he learned these tidings . , though occasionally he appeared a little before or after his time , but generally , both in summer and winter , he took possession of his apartment about four o ’ clock , though he never spent the night there . and the lieutenant each drew with the left hand a pistol from their <unk> and cocked it in their turn . efforts , and one of them cried in italian , “ courage ! ” a general and do not go and drink . ” terms , do you really think that what you do deserves	150.7414093017578
being called anything ? ” for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works , reports , performances and research . upon the ceiling , a table and two benches composed the entire furniture . by these words , and turned his eyes with indifference to the other side . , i listen . ” is quite clear and your majesty can continue your road . ” a little , i hope , ” replied athos , in a tone of emotion . , but a wife , <unk> heavens ! the look , and so did villefort , for his countenance became clouded , and he knitted his eyebrows <unk> . <unk> or 8,000 francs , his bills <unk> up to the 5th to 4,000 or	116.07801055908203
5,000 , which , making the best of everything , gave him <unk> francs to meet debts amounting to 287,500 francs . amusing here ; there is not a single woman passing . ” in the antechamber were visible the rough faces of seven or eight <unk> sailors . me ! ” had been to return to paris , but he remembered the anxiety which his prolonged absence might occasion raoul , and reflecting that there were now only two miles between the vicomte and himself and a quarter of an hour ’ s riding would unite them , and that the going , returning and explanation would not occupy an hour , he put spurs to his horse and a few minutes after had reached the only	188.05955505371094
inn of mazingarbe . man ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . looked also for his sister and brother <unk> ; he soon discovered them in another box , and kissed his hand to them . like good wine , as you may know , monsieur ; these have asked for the best . passport ? ” , ” replied he coldly . you to take care of him ? ” do with it ? ” ” my friends , ” said the former , sighing . wonder and curiosity in the neighborhood of the allées de meilhan , and a multitude of theories were <unk> , none of which was anywhere near the truth . ? ” asked the queen . succor of the english fleet will	54.871490478515625
never even arrive in sight of the place . advice . will find at home will tell you . favorable occasion to secure his dinner ; but dantès feared lest the report of his gun should attract attention . he be , if he had entered his mother ’ s room and not since returned ? leave . . ” colonel , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ we are very grateful for your gracious invitation ; for without you we ran the risk of going without dinner , as we have without breakfast . said , despite the cries of his conscience and the wise counsels of athos , d ’ artagnan became <unk> more in love with milady . it , but she seems to	113.56865692138672
entertain some prejudice against the danglars . ” the rue des fossoyeurs . the sugar question ? ” asked the editor of the ministerial paper . to his family , ” said d ’ artagnan . the light of bazin ’ s taper , the two friends continued their road and a quarter of an hour later they had joined de winter at the porte saint denis . also defective , you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem . ” this will be forgotten ? ” to the gascon ; but as before she expected him in vain . come from ? ” to the door and at the second forced it open . ” , saw them , ” said	68.41134643554688
porthos . and her daughter whom valentine had seen ; they had been ushered into madame de villefort ’ s room , who had said she would receive them there . . with a notary ? ” again repeated villefort . speak , doctor ; i shall have courage . ” prefer complete <unk> ; but tell me how you made his acquaintance ? ” cried scarron , “ i should compromise you too much . ” us what sort of a night you have had , and we will describe ours afterward . ” porthos , “ let us take the opposite direction ; if we follow the escort we shall find everything devoured and die of hunger . up with a proud air which plainly said	78.95506286621094
, “ i ask alms of no man . ” he was , i would console myself ; but to be in the midst of persons elevated by myself to places of honor , who ought to watch over me more carefully than over themselves , —for my fortune is <unk> me they were <unk> me they will be nothing , and perish <unk> from <unk> ! , and with it darkness ; but however profound was this darkness , my eyes began to accustom themselves to it . put down the portmanteau , gave him some pieces of money , and having rapped at the shutter sent him away . , but no longer strike the blow <unk> , indeed . ” before she had traversed a	129.57090759277344
third of the street . able to swim we will go . ” each other in their turn with frowning brows . be better in bed . which cut like a <unk> remember it , aramis for you always called it <unk> . he has said ; it is very evident that the mind still retains its full force and <unk> ” then , turning towards the paralytic , he said , “ you possess , then , 900,000 francs of capital , which , according to the manner in which you have invested it , ought to bring in an income of about 40,000 livres ? ” agent when you ask me the question , i believe there is nothing to say against him , and that	93.96595001220703
you will be content with the way in which he has performed his duty . ” by the <unk> sun , advanced , twirling the remains of a hat between his hands . and opened her eyes . was the cardinal and his escort . to forty years of age , dressed in deep black , had just entered , accompanied by a young woman dressed after the eastern style . the baroness , who , descending , took it with a peculiarity of manner imperceptible to everyone but monte cristo . centred in the business of the stage , like all <unk> natures , delighted in whatever addressed itself to the eye or ear . , and—— ” boulogne . do you wish for anything else ?	84.2562484741211
” said the patron . de villefort , ” said renée , becoming more and more terrified ; “ you surely are not in earnest . ” , ” replied milady , softening her smile so as to give it an angelic expression , “ my being alone or being persecuted . ” be a bishop ? ” ? ” asked he again . him again . would be a coward ? ” cried the count . . fact , the four friends arrived punctually at the hour , each from his own abode or occupation . come into your hands , mousqueton ? ” steps stopped . reached the foot of the <unk> , a priest arrived in some haste , forced his way through the soldiers	62.77643585205078
, and , advancing to the chief of the <unk> , gave him a folded paper . an hour at most . ” face were effaced ; he had still a nose , but his cheeks , <unk> out , each took a portion of it unto themselves ; his chin had joined his throat ; his eyes were swelled up with the <unk> of his cheeks ; his hair , cut straight in holy guise , covered his forehead as far as his eyebrows . was perceived even in the royal carriage . ” then ? ” , then , what would you call robespierre ? limited either by mountains or rivers , or a change of manners , or an alteration of language . eyes solemnly	130.28970336914062
<unk> . ” said he , “ you appear to be more stupid than i am , for you forget there is a little quarrel to arrange between us two . ” doubt about it , ” thought he ; “ it is some prisoner who is striving to obtain his freedom . appeared upon his countenance was so visible that bonacieux was terrified at it , and he endeavored to draw back a step or two ; but as he was standing before the half of the door which was shut , the obstacle compelled him to keep his place . , expecting every moment to see that poor wretch holding between his hands the poniard plunged into his heart . ” the carriage the president reminded	84.34395599365234
the general of his promise to allow his eyes to be bandaged , to which he made no opposition . , ” said the duke , “ now make me a little hole in the floor whilst i go and fetch the culprit . ” king in bed . ” way , and crossing the pont neuf , still driving the two sorry animals before him , he reached the rue aux ours . presence . ” the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete , old , middle-aged and new computers . ’ s paper , ” cried beauchamp . ’ s musketeers . distribute this work in any binary , compressed , marked up , nonproprietary or	62.87361526489258
proprietary form , including any word processing or hypertext form . ? ” after her with a gloomy air . i ask of you ? ” resumed porthos , with a movement of the shoulders full of good fellowship . de monte cristo , digging underneath these trees , found neither skeleton nor chest , because neither of them was there ! ” know it , ” cried d ’ artagnan . , that the other might not see how joy at the thought of having a companion <unk> the sympathy he felt for the failure of the abbé ’ s plans . of it yesterday or the day before ? ” , ” cried porthos , “ what precautions for the study of theology ! ” had	90.61121368408203
been , and still is , completely deserted . pursued in the <unk> , driven out of the kingdom of naples , where he had carried on a regular war , had crossed the <unk> , like manfred , and had taken refuge on the banks of the <unk> between <unk> and <unk> . to any of these gentlemen ; and should they wish it , you will warn me. ” just then the count felt his arm pressed . was ? ” of blue , red , and gold . a wonder . with us ? ” asked mousqueton , with a serene and glowing countenance . lest , instead of keeping in shore , she should stand out to sea ; but he soon saw that	87.52790832519531
she would pass , like most vessels bound for italy , between the islands of <unk> and <unk> . morrel , “ the <unk> <unk> assassin . ” , ” said planchet , who had not heard what they were saying , “ what do you intend to do ? ” grandmother ’ s wish , the cause of which she did not know , and an instant afterwards villefort entered . think , what he had not for a long time dared to believe , that there were two mercédès in the world , and he might yet be happy . politician , my queen , ” said mazarin ; “ let us hear the <unk> ” and he hid what he had written by sliding the	49.09663391113281
letter under a folio of blank paper . near . find athos ? an inquisitive glance into the <unk> was full of gunpowder . ? if the result will be as agreeable as you describe , but the thing does not appear to me as <unk> as you say . ” beautiful and strong , was set off by a <unk> of lace , like certain hands by titian and <unk> . . on departure , athos ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . stood before him . , or rather as he pretended it was , to astonish our young traveler , this pastime really astonished him . knotted rope and a poire d ’ <unk> ” * he , “ leave me alone with patrick and	129.8463897705078
<unk> , is that you , de winter ? captain is the prince , understand that rightly ; you have no other . bread , since the fowls are beyond all price in this accursed place . ” comprehend , that being of no country , asking no protection from any government , acknowledging no man as my brother , not one of the scruples that arrest the powerful , or the obstacles which <unk> the weak , <unk> or arrests me . annoying , ’ said the brigadier ; for the man we are looking for is the chief . ’ , and she complained of being indisposed , but i did not think seriously of it . ” a sacrilege . is the isle of dogs	154.59933471679688
. she was still threatening him with an <unk> gesture . am the first , ” cried morrel ; “ i did it on purpose to have you a minute to myself , before everyone came . no one is aware of the queen ’ s project ? ” man , restrained for a minute by a last hesitation ; but there was such an ardor in his eyes , such <unk> in his voice , that she felt herself constrained to confide in him . ” truth , i consider it lost . ” ? ” asked athos , quietly . replied the stranger with a slight hesitation , and blushing . young man , without taking the trouble to shut the door after them , descended	59.832523345947266
the rue des fossoyeurs rapidly , turned into the rue des <unk> , and did not stop till they came to the place st. sulpice . to me ? ” he is ; as you see , his shutter is closed , and you can see no light shine through the <unk> of the shutters . ” , an affair of importance ; and what is the most important affair to a woman of twenty-five ! that , i could only know what i was told respecting the <unk> with which the vessel was laden . ” said madame danglars . with blood ! , sire , ” answered the minister of police . ” replied morrel gayly , “ i will not dispute it . ” the	48.864479064941406
bolt with precaution , and both , light as shadows , glided through the interior door into the passage , ascended the stairs as quietly as possible , and entered d ’ artagnan ’ s chambers . she , ‘ but spare the honor of the widow of <unk> ’ — ‘ it is not to me to whom you must address yourself , ’ said kourchid . , you are not brave enough to be of any use to me whatever , ” replied mme . the minister of police , “ i came a moment ago to give your majesty fresh information which i had obtained on this head , when your majesty ’ s attention was attracted by the terrible event that has occurred in	75.01356506347656
the gulf , and now these facts will cease to interest your majesty . ” fellow , magnificent ! ’ artagnan ’ s arms . been told that i should see you today at seven o ’ clock . ” believe me too <unk> ! ” happy return , my boy . road . conduct monsieur le cardinal neither to de beaufort , nor to de bouillon , nor to the coadjutor , nor to d ’ elbeuf . athos , pale , but resolute ; aramis was wiping a slight moisture from his brow . time in the <unk> surrounding the house , and gathering a rose to place in her waist or hair , she turned into the dark avenue which led to the bench ;	83.70195007324219
then from the bench she went to the gate . , ” answered planchet , alighting , and extending his arms to mousqueton , the two servants embraced with an emotion which touched those who were present and made them suppose that planchet was a great lord in disguise , so highly did they estimate the position of mousqueton . last twelve months to have been <unk> ? ” asked the abbé . , but said no more about it ; and with a rapid change of thought , the conversation passed suddenly to another subject . ’ artagnan assembled his friends . if , indeed , you should have another ) will find you at liberty . ” said the duke . he will perhaps tell us	67.35333251953125
that he has had enough of it . ” which you could ascend by the grand , and go out by the back staircase , the servants passed with curiosity , and bertuccio with terror . electronic work is derived from texts not protected by u.s. copyright law ( does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder ) , the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the united states without paying any fees or charges . doubt , in my look , my voice , my whole person , that sincerity of gesture , of attitude , of accent , which carries conviction to the most <unk> minds , for he paused . corner of the carriage	57.314735412597656
, began to examine with a feverish anxiety every house they passed . of the state of your finances . ” feverish arm . <unk> ” athos , “ my opinion is that it is not proper to allow lackeys to have anything to do in such an affair . for i should have left him dead on the spot , i assure you . ” , a name was chosen and posted up on an iron plate , but before construction was begun , it occurred to the possessor of the property that a handsome sum might be obtained for the ground then devoted to fruits and vegetables , by building along the line of the proposed street , and so making it a branch of communication	160.2772674560547
with the faubourg saint-honoré itself , one of the most important <unk> in the city of paris . felton . is always with friends that one fights . ” swiss to humiliate you , but i shall lodge here no longer . ” asked the gascon , timidly , “ that the comte de la fere has commissioned you to give his compliments to monsieur du vallon and myself ? ” obeying him like a child , hated him as a child hates his master , and would abandon him to the personal vengeance of monsieur and the queen . word , then ? ” was about to retire , she was cheered with a ray of hope , for she thought he was about to speak ;	59.26290512084961
but his lips moved without any sound leaving his mouth , and making a powerful effort to control himself , he sent back to his heart the words that were about to escape from his lips , and went out . ” returned jacopo . to allow him even time to reflect on any thought but one . ’ s <unk> ” resumed aramis . that behind this little window , which threw forth such friendly beams , the pretty mme . letters of the alphabet from a down to <unk> when she arrived at that letter the paralytic made her understand that she had spoken the <unk> letter of the thing he wanted . . the king , “ undoubtedly my haste <unk> you <unk> ; without	143.07205200195312
doubt the rioters are in prison , and you come to tell me justice is done . ” ” he asked . , ’ i exclaimed , ‘ you are very good . ’ stroke was given , two summoned baptistin , and three bertuccio . a good reason for my conduct , ” replied the banker . ” added château-renaud . i was praying , sir ? ” said milady , in a voice broken by sobs . instead of sitting down at the stern of the boat , which had been decorated with a blue carpet for his <unk> , stood up with his arms crossed . whose it is you can say that it belongs to an <unk> gentleman . ” you do nothing ,	57.60953140258789
and have nothing like other people . experienced of this malady , i have continually reflected on it . not ! ’ to the abbé ; i shall hold him responsible for his <unk> ’ <unk> <unk> , and i shall soon know all about this assassination . dangerous than the others , being composed of armed men . which must be taken to its address . ” three members to accompany him , and got into the carriage with the general after <unk> his eyes . mordaunt ; “ fire upon them ! ” my dear m. caderousse , ” said monte cristo ; “ what are you doing here , at such an hour ? ” those puritans , half <unk> and half soldier , who	70.99324035644531
<unk> around cromwell . ! ” said porthos ; “ and if the cardinal asks for you , what answer can we make ? ” and on what an occasion ! said the prince ; “ give it to me later . gutenberg literary archive foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for project gutenberg™ and future generations . , is at last dead ? ” he no longer cried out , lifted his head up by the hair ; his eyes were closed , and the mouth was distorted . torch , and turned to see if they came after him . see why ; we are very comfortable in those we wear . ” abbé busoni . ’ ” spot standing mute and	76.67628479003906
motionless . an extraordinary story , ” said beauchamp ; “ is it not ? ” , monte cristo ’ s joy was not less intense . asks nothing or seems to ask nothing , has asked more in the eyes of heaven than those who tax the country and steal the bread of the poor . ! ” the end of the world . and am , monsieur , with great respect , recognized me , sir. ” debray stepped forward , and cordially pressed the hand of his <unk> . . that i did know it , and i do not say that i did not know it . brother of the family , who had left her a widow with one child . right ,	61.141544342041016
” replied villefort , surprised ; “ he sleeps , indeed ! ; a deputation of two or four people . ” the eye of a father is no more to be deceived than his heart . ” their <unk> imagination . you remember that this is the 5th of september ; it is ten years today since i saved your father ’ s life , who wished to die . ” said , ” cried the king , who had heard all these compliments through the open door ; “ only tell him , tréville , since he wishes to be considered your friend , that i also wish to be one of his , but he <unk> me ; that it is nearly three years since	63.44552993774414
i have seen him , and that i never do see him unless i send for him . more , stood erect , and while monte cristo was <unk> his disguise had advanced straight to the secretaire , whose lock was beginning to crack under his <unk> . it were only possible to place a deaf and blind sentinel in the gallery beyond us . ” monsieur ! ; “ do you not see that each of your words <unk> me like molten lead ? ” to me of his lost son touched me to the quick ; indeed , his griefs , hopes , and fears on that subject might furnish material for a most touching and <unk> poem . be assured that i shall be entirely	185.06214904785156
devoted to the person who will give me the means of quitting paris . ” ” cried she , “ you have <unk> betrayed me , and still more , you have my secret ! that albert resided in the <unk> street , appeared every day on the fashionable walk , and dined frequently at the only <unk> where you can really dine , that is , if you are on good terms with its <unk> . by the <unk> of many feet led to the door , which was made of three planks ; the door had never been painted or varnished , so great <unk> <unk> in it during the dry season to close again when the rains came on . her majesty ; and as	89.41905975341797
a last <unk> ” —he looked round for some valuable <unk> “ you will <unk> ” , ” replied franz ; “ i am curious to know what work you were perusing with so much attention as we entered . ” i fear nothing . ” very warmly , for the idea had sometimes crossed his mind ; still , when he recollected the independent , proud spirit of eugénie , he positively rejected it as utterly impossible , though the same thought again continually recurred and found a resting-place in his heart . i have nothing more to say ; my arguments lead to nothing ; doubtless they are bad , since they have not determined minds so just as yours . ” temple ! ” cried	183.3489990234375
d ’ artagnan ; “ and with that , white teeth , a piercing eye , dark complexion , black hair , and haughty <unk> , that ’ s my man of meung . ” they one day learned positively that they must not count on buckingham , their courage would fail with their hope . advanced as that , my dear countess , ” returned franz , “ i can not deny that we have abused his good nature all day . ” vainly tried to lay hands on him ? ” the boat ; the boat replied . to him , and the friends gave him to understand that among all his high <unk> he must find a place for kitty . all around him ;	106.22249603271484
not one struck him . of a count of monte cristo ? ” that the young woman took from her pocket a white object , which she unfolded quickly , and which took the form of a handkerchief . to ask me ? ” said vampa with a smile . lower windows at the café rospoli ; should i have obtained the requisite pardon for peppino , the two outside windows will be hung with yellow <unk> , and the centre with white , having a large cross in red marked on it . ” pulse , and finding it throb violently she remembered that the best method of <unk> such illusions was to drink , for a draught of the beverage prepared by the doctor to <unk>	134.85409545898438
her fever seemed to cause a <unk> of the brain , and for a short time she suffered less . the wall ! ” fellows ! ” murmured the cardinal . without doing so ? pen , flourished it above his head , and said : ? ” said , motioning to his groom to approach . for three , six , or nine years by the new tenant , who , according to the rule of the proprietor , paid six months in advance . come ! ” , if i allow you to escape i am a ruined man . ” ” he said , “ it is time for you to go to bed ; you will start in the morning for the army of	51.98386764526367
monsieur le prince . been sent by my protector . ” postscript ? ” well as you can , my good man ; it does not concern me , the more so as i have not a <unk> left . ” active part in the return from elba . not know that this is a young man whom the count is introducing ? ” said morcerf . mordaunt , looking at athos and aramis with bloodshot eyes , “ these are frenchmen , i imagine . ” your desk , ” said monte cristo , pointing with his finger to the pistols on the table . do but to put the address to this letter . ” said m. danglars conceals at least half of his fortune .	47.848514556884766
” was obliged to sail in the morning in order to land his cargo on the <unk> of piedmont and france , between nice and <unk> , urged dantès to try and rise . he was in valentine ’ s confidence and knew all their secrets , morrel took the dictionary , a pen , and some paper , and placed them all on a table where there was a light . said franz , <unk> himself . do so , ” replied albert . de villefort , “ it is really frightful . ” de winter . ” tell you , monsieur , ” continued the citizen , “ that i am convinced that there is less love than politics in all this . ” question i	48.564918518066406
put to you on entering the room ? —where do you keep the poison you generally use , madame ? ” then , ” said fernand impatiently . plan ; i dare say it is a pretty one . ” m. scarron ’ s house ; he named to guiche the people whom he had seen there . it is your opinion , ” said anne of austria , with a sneer and biting her lips with rage , “ that yesterday ’ s riot , which to-day is already a rebellion , to-morrow may become a revolution ? ” of his new duties , deigned to explain to the two gentlemen that he was ordered to take up his position on the place royale with two hundred	88.74798583984375
men , forming the rear of the army of paris , and to march on charenton when necessary . had business to transact with linen drapers , to whose houses i conducted her . ” don ’ t you in the first place want a horse ? ” s vigorous and daring mind , denying anything to be impossible , with that energy which marks the great man . are looking for , ” he said . said , “ are you disposed to confer a great obligation on an unhappy father who has just lost his daughter ? why ? ’ a small furnished house to let in the rue des <unk> , where his mother would find a humble but <unk> lodging , and thither he	140.16650390625
intended conducting the countess . ! ” ought to know that we no longer have a police , since we are no longer at paris . ” and say if we have the appearance of people who wish to run away . ” a duty had sustained them . for my d ’ artagnan , the noble and loyal gentleman ? ” wait . ” i risk nothing but being taken back again to prison . , make up her mind to renounce the world , sir , since it is only about a year ago that she herself proposed entering a convent . ” good friend , ” said d ’ artagnan to him , “ i must invite you to deprive yourself , for my sake	68.86225128173828
, of your hat and cloak . ” him , pointing him out to his companions . of the <unk> fair round arm of a woman but twenty-five years old , and who yet spread death around her . caderousse , thunderstruck , “ but for that black hair , i should say you were the englishman , lord wilmore . ” yesterday . ” knocking , and prayed with an accent so full of anxiety and promises , terror and <unk> , that his voice was of a nature to reassure the most fearful . his side , went up to the landlady , praised her <unk> was a horrible production from the country of <unk> heard from her that there were only two houses of importance	113.79736328125
in the village ; one of these belonged to the archbishop of paris , and was at that time the abode of his niece the duchess of longueville ; the other was a convent of jesuits and was the <unk> by no means unusual <unk> these worthy fathers . de morcerf , although of spanish origin , possesses considerable influence , both at the court of france and madrid , and i unhesitatingly place the best services of myself , and all to whom my life is dear , at your disposal . ” his services in providing a suitable crew for the little vessel , but this dantès declined with many thanks , saying he was accustomed to <unk> about quite alone , and his principal pleasure	149.45419311523438
consisted in managing his yacht himself ; the only thing the builder could oblige him in would be to contrive a sort of secret closet in the cabin at his bed ’ s head , the closet to contain three <unk> , so constructed as to be concealed from all but himself . the traveler , pointing to the table . he said you would make an excellent steward , i concluded you had <unk> was all . ” on , an eager and curious spectator , —i , who was watching the working of this mournful tragedy , —i , who like a wicked angel was laughing at the evil men committed protected by secrecy ( a secret is easily kept by the rich and powerful )	320.3092956542969
, i am in my turn bitten by the serpent whose <unk> course i was watching , and bitten to the heart ! ” there gave it to him . ” parliament nor the people with <unk> represent the wealth of the country ; nor the nobles nor the princes , who are the military power of france . ” he added , turning to aramis , “ let us go . calm and collected , and saluting his judge with easy politeness , looked round for a seat , as if he had been in m. morrel ’ s salon . , then ? ” asked the queen , motioning to raoul to rise . and <unk> their criminals in the most agreeable possible manner ; but	74.27178955078125
some of these , like clever rogues , have contrived to escape human justice , and succeed in their <unk> enterprises by cunning <unk> . , and we are simple <unk> . ” don ’ t know , but who is called milady . ” , albert , but perhaps you may be blinded by pride or resentment ; if you refuse me , if you ask another for what i have a right to offer you , i will say it is <unk> of you to refuse the life of your mother at the hands of a man whose father was allowed by your father to die in all the horrors of poverty and despair . ” his sword . see anything that was not <unk> ,	76.58175659179688
talked to him as usual . raoul and the man who accompanied the young gentleman , the color gradually returned to the pale cheeks of the dying man , who opened his eyes , at first entirely bewildered , but who soon fixed his gaze upon the person who had saved him . said , without having recovered the use of his hand and foot , had regained all the clearness of his understanding , and had gradually , besides the moral instructions we have detailed , taught his youthful companion the patient and sublime duty of a prisoner , who learns to make something from nothing . cristo . ” make me hateful , but i will prevent your rendering me ridiculous , and , above all	126.42969512939453
, i forbid you to ruin me . ” really think so . opened the carriage door . in italy ? ” fernand who betrayed , sold , and murdered his benefactor , ali ? vast chamber , where , according to the cardinal ’ s directions , he was treated with all the courtesy due to a nobleman . arms , he dragged him into an adjoining room ; but almost immediately he returned to fetch the lemonade . brilliant , ” answered the count . cried the boy , his eyes sparkling with joy , “ if i can find out where bazin is going ? any moment , for you left word that i awaited them ? ” ” said the englishman . name in	79.8892593383789
france , but is common enough in <unk> and epirus ; it is as if you said , for example , <unk> , modesty , innocence , —it is a kind of baptismal name , as you parisians call it . ” threw a gleam of light over the field of battle . the little abbé scarron . . of her husband , and more particularly his cupidity , she did not despair of bringing him round to her purpose . way of dressing as a man , that dear marie ; i know only one other woman who can do it as well . the unknown to franz , “ i do not know if you are of my opinion , but i think nothing is more	95.6253662109375
annoying than to remain two or three hours together without knowing by name or appellation how to address one another . , are not a courtier . project gutenberg literary archive foundation this little <unk> to you ? ” asked porthos . not answer . your mother . ” said aramis . will leave them when i go to auteuil . ” , you will no longer be performing your <unk> for practice , but on a field of battle . ” the doors and windows , then returned , and the three united in stifling the cries of terror incited by the sight of these preparations , and then dragged assunta feet foremost towards the brazier , expecting to wring from her an avowal of where her	95.89459228515625
supposed treasure was secreted . , ” said the duke with a smile , “ of the persons who are here ; the men run no other danger than that of falling in love with you , and the women of falling ill of jealousy at seeing you so lovely ; i meant persons who were out in the streets of rome . ” ” had flourished , or was still <unk> , on their brow , that is seen on the brow of the culprit in your house . ” respectable gentleman sitting opposite to us in the same box with the lovely greek girl ? the wedding is to take place immediately , m. dantès , ” said danglars , bowing to the young couple .	110.7910385131836
mazarin , “ you did not make so many difficulties with regard to the king and queen . ” black and with his habitual simplicity ; his white waistcoat displayed his expansive noble chest and his black stock was singularly <unk> because of its contrast with the deadly paleness of his face . de saint-méran , ” repeated the doctor , “ then madame de saint-méran , —a double fortune to <unk> ” villefort wiped the perspiration from his forehead . is now in the gallery prefers being alone , and never practices in the presence of anyone . ” with the cardinal , the queen sent for him . , ” returned porthos ; “ and even when one is killed , one <unk> again , the	100.68387603759766
proof of which is , that here we are ! ” ? ” exclaimed the count . indiscretion . ” father ? ” returned julie , “ we may indeed say he has , for he has done for us what he <unk> only to his chosen ; he sent us one of his angels . ” a profound silence . , he descended the stairs rapidly , and went straight to the port . over the grave of my father , ” replied morrel in a broken voice . maintained the speed at which he started ; but when out of sight he turned his horse to the right , made a circuit , and came back within twenty paces of a high hedge to watch the	60.65263748168945
passage of the little troop . is my office to know everything . make <unk> a vow in your presence , to employ all that remains to me in pious works . ” , madame , for the next meeting . a large one ? ” with those dreadful horses , ” said madame de villefort . the secret which i am not willing to know ? ” has become queen of paris , <unk> <unk> , and since she could not venture at once to <unk> herself in the palais royal or the tuileries , she is installed at the hotel de ville , where she is on the point of giving an heir or an heiress to that dear duke . ” if it were dead	87.81179809570312
? ; they are two qualities out of the four . ” ” i am at your service . ” d ’ artagnan , “ from this very day ; and mind , if the wine is bad , we will send him to find better . ” without pity : the count , “ i am emboldened to speak openly to you . suppose they are only assumed names , ” said athos . the <unk> would have been belief in all the good things he said of himself . but that has nothing to do with it . and put them in a hat , which he handed to mordaunt . the contrary , that their punishment , which had been <unk> by providence , is	49.5390739440918
only delayed by my present determination , and although they escape it in this world , it awaits them in another , and that they are only exchanging time for eternity . ” in a voice of tenderness , amounting almost to love , was that of haydée . said la ramee , “ i must ask your highness ’ s pardon , but it seems that monsieur de chavigny is to be away for a few days and he has sent me word that he has certain directions to give me before his departure . ” neither have , nor desire to have , a mistress , following in that respect the very <unk> example of athos , who has none any more than i have .	102.3643569946289
” dessert , upon a sign from d ’ artagnan , porthos had sent away his servants and the two friends were alone : my stables the horse you like best . all , ” said aramis . ! ” called the chevalier d ’ artagnan . ” ! myself into the sea , gained one of the islands near <unk> isle de <unk> or the isle de <unk> then i should have been safe . ” , it was a dream . ” ” said faria , “ i have thought over all the most celebrated cases of escape on record . de winter would have brought up that young <unk> ? , my friend , ” said the baroness . , my beautiful queen , and	71.49275207519531
that would be a pity . ” my quality of a husband this concerns me . mother ; château-renaud recounted it at the jockey club , and debray detailed it at length in the salons of the minister ; even beauchamp accorded twenty lines in his journal to the relation of the count ’ s courage and gallantry , thereby <unk> him as the greatest hero of the day in the eyes of all the feminine members of the aristocracy . at the coach door ; the coachman took care of his horses , the lackey held the <unk> . your eminence is in a position to accomplish the threat thus made ? ” all that you are trifling with my happiness , that my life or death	179.938232421875
are nothing to you . piece of glass in his hand , said : “ sharp . ” excellency , ” said vampa . went out , and meeting a servant on the stairs , he asked : work on the monarchy of italy ! ” ’ t know , that that is what we ask of you . ” ” the via <unk> <unk> ; the coachman , without saying a word , drove up it , passed along the piazza di <unk> and the rospoli palace and stopped at the door of the hotel . valentine , ” exclaimed the young man ; “ how is it possible for anyone to do that ? ” asked porthos , “ haven ’ t you still in your	45.7470588684082
service your old lackey , that good , that brave , that <unk> , then , is his name ? ” pleasure another time , ” said the countess ; “ you promise that ? ” not mistake . give caderousse a little courage . needed . he cried ; “ stand off the road ! ” an agreeable proposition to them all , and it was therefore agreed that each should leave a very exact address and that upon the request of any of the <unk> a meeting should be <unk> at a famous eating house in the rue de la <unk> , of the sign of the hermitage . forgotten ; if he passes over into france his cause is lost . ” ” said the	95.10814666748047
concierge , “ i shall not have much cause to regret him , for he came here but seldom ; it is five years since he was here last , and he did well to sell the house , for it did not bring him in anything at all . ” ’ s symptoms ? ” michon , monsieur ? ” said madame de chevreuse , trying to read in athos ’ s eyes . rolling and <unk> the paper in his hands . at my door , and as i am not a gentleman , i may be allowed to lie . ” only a protector , but a friend ; not only a benefactor , but a father . your recompense , ’ said the traveller	50.62991714477539
, offering the young herdsman some small pieces of money . clerk ceased to move over the paper ; he raised his head , and appearing to be perfectly sure of <unk> : absolute mistress of your actions , and may go abroad or remain in your apartments as may seem most agreeable to you . by land , or do the musketeers consider themselves superior officers ? ” and <unk> executed the customary <unk> ; robert duly challenged the prince of <unk> ; and the royal father of the princess <unk> , taking his daughter by the hand , swept round the stage with majestic <unk> , the better to display the rich folds of his velvet robe and mantle . , guided by planchet , the	216.3692626953125
little cavalcade set out , taking the route the carriage had taken . his eyes , and then stared at the man who thus <unk> the <unk> of his captain . pleasure , and that i answer for my will to no man . ” of these beans , cousin porthos ? ” said mme . the governor . even belong to my band ; he was merely a poor shepherd , whose only crime consisted in furnishing us with provisions . ” , madame ! ” exclaimed the terrible interrogator . , because i can live with my thoughts and recollections of past days . balsam for <unk> balsam given to me by my mother and of which i have made a trial upon myself . ”	109.07811737060547
name , and nothing else . ” giving way to an impulse of despair , was about to throw himself at the feet of louis xviii. , who retreated a step and frowned . then ? the host , “ i replied that as from the moment we seemed not likely to come to a good understanding with respect to payment , i hoped that he would have at least the kindness to grant the favor of his custom to my brother host of the golden eagle ; but monsieur porthos replied that , my house being the best , he should remain where he was . , or the next day after , the third attack may not come on ? accompany them . felton , “	85.18461608886719
no ; you shall live and you shall be avenged . ” said raoul , “ that i have got something like a scratch on the arm . mystery . <unk> . ” there is that letter ! ” cried the queen , with a broken and trembling voice ; “ take it , and deliver me from your odious presence . ” him ? ” was composed of half of m. <unk> ’ s men and half of m. dessessart ’ s men . charity , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ not to lead one ’ s neighbors into temptation . ” ’ continued he , after rapidly writing the few lines i brought to your excellency , and upon receipt of which you deigned	63.34218215942383
to receive me into your service , and proudly i ask whether your excellency has ever had cause to repent having done so ? ” but , see , here they come with the syrup of violets . ” it ; he even came to force m. danglars . d ’ artagnan was <unk> and <unk> an exact copy of the hero of <unk> , to whom we so happily compared him when our duty of an <unk> placed us under the necessity of <unk> his portrait . , time brings round opportunity ; opportunity is the <unk> of man . in eight days you will be where you ought to be , and my task will be completed . ” i should kill my body , and	137.34255981445312
you make yourself the agent of him who would kill my soul . ” turned out ill , ” she added . mean ? ’ added caderousse . . ” of having reached the end of the route he had only <unk> its beginning , and he therefore turned round and <unk> his steps . ” , ” said the gascon , “ monsieur du vallon and i are going away as ambassadors , where , i know not ; but should you want anything , write to madame <unk> , at la chevrette , rue tiquetonne and draw upon her purse as on a <unk> economy ; for it is not so well filled as that of monsieur d ’ emery . ” entered the courtyard and	70.35751342773438
d ’ artagnan led the prisoner up the great staircase and across the corridor and ante-chamber . on arriving in town the duke would <unk> his pace , but it was not so . idea of the carnival at rome . you will make a handsome <unk> the day you marry mademoiselle danglars . ” other to do . , ” said raoul , who was beginning his apprenticeship with that particular class of society , who , when there were robbers on the <unk> , were connected with them , and who , since <unk> no longer exist , have <unk> and <unk> filled their vacant place . the night had fully come . lord is stretched over him , ” said felton ; “ he will	90.89292907714844
not escape the chastisement he deserves . ” he recollected him . franz , “ for the very three days it is most needed . ” when she was hunting with her husband , ” continued athos , in a low voice , and speaking very quickly , “ she fell from her horse and fainted . of his eyes , fingers placed upon the lips , little <unk> smiles , which really did assassinate the disdained beauty . mother ’ s portrait , with its oaken frame , leaving the gilt frame from which he took it black and empty . without <unk> pleasure . much at hearing the stories ; but vampa reassured her with a smile , tapping the butt of his good fowling-piece ,	141.08233642578125
which threw its ball so well ; and if that did not restore her courage , he pointed to a crow , <unk> on some dead branch , took aim , touched the trigger , and the bird fell dead at the foot of the tree . completely bewildered that without taking any heed of what might become of kitty he ran at full speed across half paris , and did not stop till he came to athos ’ s door . mad . , and put you in prison ; if at the end of three or four months you are set at liberty , the ring will be lost , or a false stone , worth three francs , will be given you , instead of	121.17652130126953
a diamond worth 50,000 or perhaps <unk> francs ; from which you must allow that one runs considerable risk in purchasing . ’ not return their fire . ” ! fireplace in my dungeon , ” replied faria , “ but it was closed up long ere i became an occupant of this prison . thought he , they have lowered it . he was sentry at the door of a general who carried on a secret correspondence with the enemy . needs one thing more to make him happy . ’ ” this reasoning , what is the marvellous ? —that which we do not understand . . ” offered to you , madame , and what happens to you is the result of a very simple	155.5182342529297
measure which we are obliged to adopt with all who land in england . ” , indeed , as we have stated , a very handsome man . us go on . ” same . , ” replied villefort ; “ he is quite sure that his wishes will be held sacred by me ; besides , he understands that in my position i can not plead against the <unk> ” the eye of noirtier beamed with triumph . herblay ! ” cried athos ; “ such proposals are not to be made to gentlemen such as these . behind the <unk> , when it would have been better if you had been elsewhere . that , neighbor caderousse ; it is not worthwhile to contradict me for	71.46763610839844
such a trifle as that . ’ artagnan ? ” said athos ; “ we shall have to look elsewhere for our dinner . ” not that ; he has plenty , and to spare , for supper ; but he makes one condition , and rather a peculiar one , before he will receive you at his house . ” madame , and i will not finish . ” , ” murmured the young lady with the velvet eyes . ’ artagnan , ” resumed aramis , giving to his voice a slight tone of bitterness , “ trust me ! today takes us to england . ” dear aramis , ” quietly replied athos , “ i think it would only change monsieur de retz ’	51.494140625
s appearance . ” exclaimed m. de boville , “ your fears are unfortunately but too well founded , and you see before you a man in despair . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ do you begin to believe that it ’ s a ruined cause , and that what with your <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> , we shall never get the upper hand ? ” sire . ” bearing that we are people of condition . ” brave porthos . up the private stairs . ” glass of good wine would be acceptable this dreadfully hot <unk> ” then perceiving for the first time the garb of the traveller he had to entertain , caderousse hastily exclaimed : “ a thousand pardons	102.9631118774414
! they have been stolen , perhaps the person who stole them still has them in his hands . ” lucky as to find what everybody is seeking for ? ” open or even <unk> , i should think nothing of it ; but , <unk> was <unk> sealed . d ’ artagnan . valet , who never left the door , entered in reply to the call . ; do you promise me to make what use you can of the report of the fortune m. cavalcanti will bring without touching the money ? ” said athos , saluting in his turn the two cavaliers . it occurs a fourth time i shall complain of it , so never mind . ” the opera , the <unk>	84.9858169555664
, or the <unk> ; i purchased mine at constantinople ; it cost me more , but i have nothing to fear . ” has allied itself with the nobility of the cannon . them myself or shall send a courier directing you to bring them to me . employed the son of such a man ? ” his <unk> to madame danglars , that she might be under the care of his wife . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i beg to introduce to you your brother , who is arrived from flanders and whom i am going to take into my service . ” in such circumstances , monsieur du vallon , who is rich , always gives me his prisoners . ” ,	54.065189361572266
and in it were four <unk> and a <unk> . the jailer , “ do not always <unk> over what is impossible , or you will be mad in a fortnight . ” be in the army commanded by the duc de beaufort . ” monte cristo , “ i trust he is not going to tempt me by some fresh insult ! ” porthos . then ? ” said monte cristo . important . ” to despair , maximilian , ” said valentine , “ again you plunge the dagger into the wound ! magistrates appeared before the cardinal and their <unk> addressed mazarin with so much <unk> and determination that the minister was astounded and sent the deputation away with the same answer as it had	56.89802932739258
received from the duke of <unk> he would see what could be done ; and in accordance with that intention a council of state was assembled and the superintendent of finance was summoned . to the door , ” added morrel . means which i will not employ but in the last extremity to close your mouth , or at least to prevent anyone from believing a word you may utter . ’ usual phrase ; i am quite familiar with it . two adversaries reached the field of battle . a closet , which was entirely dark , and led d ’ artagnan into it . said athos , “ while they bring the wine , tell me , d ’ artagnan , what has become of	70.20416259765625
the others , come ! ” of the guards who had declared himself the friend of bois-tracy , “ besides , ” continued he , “ i have reflected , my dear intimate of bois-tracy , that i am not less tenderly his friend than you can possibly be ; so that decidedly this handkerchief is as likely to have fallen from your pocket as mine . ” joy ; this man was the comte de <unk> <unk> tool of his eminence . killed ? while two silent tears rolled down her cheeks . few paces from me , i saw that what i had taken for a weapon was only a spade . other address was necessary ; in his pride he fancied that every one must	117.75437927246094
know the chateau du vallon . at but four paces . biscuit <unk> up wine ! case they would have met with more fitting reward . recall me to myself , maximilian , ” he said ; “ i was delighted to see you again , and forgot for the moment that all happiness is <unk> . ” you think ? ” replied the young man . by this full confirmation of franz ’ s former suspicion had no doubt imparted a corresponding expression to his features ; for the countess , after gazing with a puzzled look at his face , burst into a fit of laughter , and begged to know what had happened . produced and distributed project gutenberg™ ebooks with only a loose network	105.40365600585938
of volunteer support . ; the queen may appear to have abandoned those persons , but we must not put faith in appearances . <unk> , which is lying but little , when he said that by going in search of milady he at the same time went in search of constance . alarmed on her account . milady , in a sharp voice . wish to be at paris when the count was there . on horseback . and try if there are any means of speaking to him . ” prevent my building myself a little hut on my <unk> , and <unk> not twenty yards from you . ” ? ” named m. franz d ’ épinay ? ” to me for a minute only	79.36275482177734
, for mercy ’ s , for pity ’ s sake ! priest you wish to pray with valentine ? ” asked d ’ avrigny . the novice , “ as to friends , you would have them wherever you want , you appear so good and are so beautiful ! ” room , and valentine seated herself at the bedside of her grandmother . , i am charged with <unk> it ; and if you do not give it <unk> ” french , but she had married in england . ” de longueville ; and if the worthy broussel were there , whom you so stupidly helped arrest , i should tell you to excuse yourself to him at once and kiss him on both cheeks .	76.2949447631836
” <unk> <unk> , ” said morcerf ; “ did he not make a million in spaniards this last year ? ” <unk> if napoleon had remained on the throne , but his action was rewarded by the bourbons . jeweller made the diamond play and sparkle in the <unk> , and the <unk> threw out <unk> of light which made him <unk> of those <unk> of the <unk> to play in at the windows . . ” truth , aramis . ” of satisfaction , descended the terrace steps , and sprang into his carriage , which was whirled along swiftly to the banker ’ s house . vengeance upon milady . said the implacable young girl , “ monsieur albert claims and well deserves his share	109.07125091552734
. his , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but , as good luck would have it , just as i thought i should have two affairs to manage , our friend was brought home with a broken leg . you in his service . ” remembrance of madame <unk> left on his character a certain poetic <unk> , <unk> indeed ; for like all other recollections in this world , these impressions were , by degrees , effaced . life in <unk> off blows which were forever aimed at him ! ” been each in search of his equipments , there had been no fixed meeting between them . my pocket again , opened it , and made ready to strike . , monsieur ; for	159.0740509033203
when the gentleman was about to set out , we perceived that his lackey was <unk> monsieur porthos ’ s horse , as well as his master ’ s . not him to thank ; <unk> be <unk> will erect an altar <unk> <unk> . ” ” asked porthos . way : if coysel says loud enough for the cardinal to hear him , on such or such a day such a prisoner will escape , ’ tis plain that the cardinal will take measures of precaution and that the prisoner will not escape . ” right not to return to it . , rising without speaking , went and <unk> his sword . which , from being light in her youth , had become chestnut , and	120.76605224609375
which she wore curled very plainly , and with much powder , admirably set off her face , in which the most rigid <unk> could only have desired a little less rouge , and the most fastidious sculptor a little more <unk> in the nose . ” ” cross the lys ? ” madame ? ” . settled ; mme . one will open the doors . ” that after going back fifty paces , the man ended by fairly taking to his heels , and disappeared amid the <unk> of the lackeys . they might find something far more grave than the selling of <unk> cigars , or barrels of brandy without a permit . we were saying . lord , ’ tis but little , as	176.6597900390625
certainly i shall not go alone . ” but i say that he <unk> himself . true . ” aramis , after having had an entertainment at my house and enjoying themselves very much , created such a disturbance that the provost of the castle , a rigid man , has ordered them to be confined for some days ; but i accomplish the order they have given me by <unk> to you a dozen bottles of my anjou wine , with which they are much pleased . over in the deadly struggle that had taken place there , and the sheets , to which the unfortunate jeweller had doubtless clung , were dragged across the room . the yard . also , ” said d ’ artagnan	99.7254867553711
; “ but he seemed to me cold . ” ? ” said porthos . turn in the lock he began to be alarmed , lest they should only have exchanged one prison for another . door partly open enabled him to see his road , and to hear the voice of one in sorrow . we are going there this evening , ” said athos to the vicomte ; “ we will pay our compliments to that poor man . ” been so had it been possible to get rid of m. de villefort ; but , like the feudal barons who <unk> against their sovereign , he dwelt in an impregnable fortress . with you , hermine ? study to learn the art of <unk> ?	89.462646484375
” asked monte cristo . first ? ” . ” that he stated to m. danglars his intention of only staying a year in paris , during which time he proposed to spend six millions . liberty ? ” said the cardinal . to accept my offers , will you oppose them ? ” the <unk> of this astonishment , that d ’ artagnan related to him the precaution taken , and how , thanks to the devotion of his three friends , whom he had left scattered and bleeding on the road , he had succeeded in coming off with a single sword thrust , which had pierced the queen ’ s letter and for which he had repaid m. de wardes with such terrible coin .	68.10594940185547
” replied the young magistrate with a smile ; “ and in the interesting trial that young lady is anxious to witness , the case would only be still more <unk> . him leave to go twice a week , and he was now availing himself of that permission . was done for saint <unk> of florence , saint george <unk> of <unk> , and even for the order of malta . which <unk> life almost without leaving any perceptible traces . pursuing you remorselessly , ” he said with a <unk> smile . , ” said peppino , taking the fowl from the young bandit and placing it on the worm-eaten table , which with the stool and the goat-skin bed formed the entire furniture of the	119.26276397705078
cell . that d ’ artagnan and porthos are at rueil , alive and well . ” will be better than afterward . ” was what my captain had bade me do . me , ” said winter . . ” <unk> at my father ’ s feet , now sprang up and fired , and the room was filled with fire and smoke . step farther , d ’ artagnan , ” said he , “ we shall cross swords together . ” from expecting the change you have just informed me of ; namely , that four years afterwards , this <unk> of power would be <unk> . , ” replied athos . to-day . ” if has no cemetery , and they simply throw the	63.44873809814453
dead into the sea , after fastening a thirty-six-pound <unk> to their feet . ” ” said mousqueton ; “ and five hundred feet from here is a small <unk> . ” or death . ” milady , seeing the stranger lay his hand on his sword , “ the least delay may ruin everything . ” you tomorrow . emptying sadly a bottle of the famous spanish wine he had brought back with him from his journey into picardy . , then , dear monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” said milady . red , and replied that having in the evening broken one of those studs , she had sent it to her goldsmith to be repaired . ” horses he would dispute the price .	91.23074340820312
” and fancied he saw an old man stretched on a <unk> ; he , also , was dying of hunger . an <unk> price , which the count had doubtless wished to conceal from his guests , was on the second floor of the great palace , situated between the via del babuino and the monte pincio . , ” said d ’ artagnan . side of the grave , and said the prayers of the dead . <unk> , ” cried he , speaking to the dog , “ will you be quiet ? him ! ” said madame de villefort ; and she passed over to monte cristo a bottle full of the same kind of red liquid whose good <unk> the count had <unk>	64.4323959350586
on edward . , ” said the captain . for ten pistoles , witness <unk> . ? ” , sir ; the abbé ’ s dungeon was forty or fifty feet distant from that of one of bonaparte ’ s emissaries , —one of those who had contributed the most to the return of the usurper in 1815 , a very resolute and very dangerous man . ” and the youthful louis , remaining the last , was amusing himself by placing some lead soldiers in a line of battle , a game which delighted him much . have you decided ? ” cried jussac for the third time . my dear count , ” she said , “ that you are a very terrible <unk> , and	101.34188079833984
that you look at the world through a somewhat <unk> medium ? that albert had collected <unk> <unk> , japanese porcelain , oriental stuffs , venetian glass , arms from all parts of the <unk> was familiar to him ; and at the first glance he recognized their date , their country , and their origin . for i presume that you gentlemen are frondeurs ? ” athos , “ she is alone within half a league of us , in the direction of the river . ” seemed to descend , several steps , <unk> the fresh and <unk> air , like that which may be supposed to reign around the grotto of <unk> , formed from such perfumes as set the mind <unk> , and such	126.580322265625
fires as burn the very senses ; and he saw again all he had seen before his sleep , from sinbad , his singular host , to ali , the mute attendant ; then all seemed to <unk> away and become confused before his eyes , like the last shadows of the magic lantern before it is extinguished , and he was again in the chamber of statues , lighted only by one of those pale and antique lamps which watch in the dead of the night over the sleep of pleasure . said she , “ how came you here ? behind me . ” know there is a young woman whom i love , and that i believed that woman dead ? ” asked d ’	141.26416015625
artagnan . by three horses , driven by a <unk> ; rochefort ’ s lackey would precede it , as courier . was one of the great political events of the reign of louis xiii. , and one of the great military enterprises of the cardinal . ’ s roof , m. morrel can visit me in the presence of my good and worthy protector , if we still feel that the union we contemplated will be likely to insure our future comfort and happiness ; in that case i shall expect m. morrel to come and claim me at my own hands . the hotel de la chevrette . eminence . ” said d ’ artagnan , <unk> under the shoulder of the giant , “ but	65.68466186523438
i am in such <unk> was running after someone <unk> ” more to be said ; go and rejoin your mother and sister . ” subterraneous gallery , and arrived in time to hear the exclamations of the turnkey , who called out for help . please , sir , ” replied franz . he who saved the life of your step-mother and her son . ” la ramee ! only two persons deserve our notice ; these are mademoiselle eugénie danglars and mademoiselle louise d ’ armilly . them . appeared to answer his purpose . ” no grottos at monte cristo ? ” he asked . <unk> on the bourse , and has lost money . ” love <unk> she will ? ” sometimes we were	80.91967010498047
stopped for want of money , and but for that diamond , which i was obliged to sell , we should have remained on the road . ” is a poor wretched creature ) , i did hope . words , which is all that is absolutely necessary , although i believe there are nearly one hundred thousand in the <unk> . her ? a paleness still greater than usual , and by those traces which loss of sleep leaves on the face , that he must have passed almost the whole of the night without sleeping . he took his hand ; the tumultuous agitation of the young man was succeeded by a profound stupor . for the loss of thy place . ” agreed to and	112.60042572021484
mousqueton played the role of barber . clap of thunder . ” you want ? ” ” my doing so , sir , ” said baptistin . , my son ; for your example has given me at the same time hope and courage . ” i do not in the least suspect your veracity ; i ask if you are certain of it ? ” said he , ‘ demand thy child of carlini ; he will tell thee what has become of her ; ’ and he returned to his companions . ; for three months i struggled with death ; at last , as i seemed to cling to life , i was ordered to the south . cried the pretended monk , “ pardon	63.18489456176758
you ! comte de la fere ; i wish to speak with him . ” child , and carlini recognized the old man . not reply . ” and setting the example he <unk> his oar into the sea ; two strokes took the bark on twenty fathoms further . spot where he and the stranger were , the roof had given way , leaving a large round opening , through which might be seen the blue vault of heaven , thickly studded with stars . the <unk> ? ” went out without any mystery , took his horse , which was tied with those of his friends to the <unk> of the shutters , in four words convinced the attendant of the necessity of a <unk> for	86.2087631225586
their return , carefully examined the priming of his pistols , drew his sword , and took , like a forlorn hope , the road to the camp . _arabian nights_ ? ” dinner has been a real feast . , monsieur , but i suspect someone . ” speak ! ” , my dear fellow , ” said château-renaud , “ i can not imagine what objection you can possibly have to mademoiselle <unk> is , setting aside her want of <unk> and somewhat inferior rank , which by the way i don ’ t think you care very much about . see the shore from the boat ; they would therefore be less likely to see the boat from the shore . only . two young	103.02558135986328
noblemen , richly clad , promised everything they required , and our two cavaliers , after seeing that preparations for the reception were actually begun , started off again and proceeded rapidly toward <unk> . a feeling of respectful delicacy ; it was , however , evident that the cardinal was recognized by both comminges and the other officers on horseback . , but deeply interesting , ” said the young lady , motionless with attention . avoid <unk> the <unk> of the magnificent baldric we are acquainted with ; but on timidly opening his eyes , he found himself with his nose fixed between the two shoulders of <unk> is to say , exactly upon the baldric . woman of <unk> . ’ ” said athos ,	133.09881591796875
with the charming melancholy that was one of the <unk> of his character , “ so brave , so good , so terrible to the enemies of those he loves . in louis of twelve francs . ” , has it softened your heart ? ” . are the chevalier d ’ herblay and the comte de la fere , just arrived from london , and they can give you , as <unk> , such details as you can convey to the queen , my royal sister . through fifty feet , dantès would dig a hundred ; faria , at the age of fifty , had devoted three years to the task ; he , who was but half as old , would sacrifice six ; faria	93.6121597290039
, a priest and <unk> , had not shrunk from the idea of risking his life by trying to swim a distance of three miles to one of the <unk> , <unk> , or lemaire ; should a <unk> sailor , an experienced <unk> , like himself , shrink from a similar task ; should he , who had so often for mere amusement ’ s sake plunged to the bottom of the sea to fetch up the bright coral branch , hesitate to entertain the same project ? ” of paris without further resistance , and was at this time in the prison of saint germain ; while blancmesnil , who was arrested at the same time , but whose arrest had been made without difficulty or	141.58421325683594
noise , was safe in the castle of vincennes . , “ anne , are you mad ? on the deck . be a cavalier ? ” said porthos . last time ; but death checked his thought , which remained engraved on his brow like a last kiss of love . walk , <unk> in his mind all the accusations against the favorite of james i. and charles i. , furnished by two years of <unk> meditation and a long sojourn among the puritans . in doing nothing for you in spite of all my efforts . ” count . ” ” replied cromwell . the <unk> . ” said lord de winter , “ after having played comedy , after having played tragedy , we are	83.86946868896484
now playing melancholy ? ” . he had no secrets from me , and if this had been so he would have confided in me . ” his way in the darkness of the night ? ” replied d ’ artagnan . procureur was made up ; he felt assured that benedetto was guilty , and he hoped by his skill in conducting this <unk> case to flatter his self-love , which was about the only <unk> point left in his frozen heart . returned to their “ domestic <unk> , ” as they say in the gallery of the chamber in well-turned speeches , and in the theatre of the rue richelieu in <unk> pieces ; but it was not the case with debray . . porthos	101.40665435791016
. , drew his sword . sent for ! ” place of rendezvous , ” continued athos , “ and in a last interview arrange our mutual position and the conduct we are to maintain toward each other . ” years , morrel , ” said the count , placing his hand on the young man ’ s shoulder . she saw the deepest terror depicted in noirtier ’ s eyes . at brussels . ” never been willing to partake of food under the roof of m. de morcerf . ” were you ? ” ? for my wound . said gondy , “ you seem to be a clever and a thoughtful man ; are you disposed to take a part in a little civil war	61.955074310302734
, should we have one , and put at the command of the leader , should we find one , your personal influence and the influence you have acquired over your comrades ? ” the period of these two <unk> , had , as may well be supposed , the eye on the watch , the nose to the wind , and the ear on the hark . slowly , bowed frequently , laughed without noise , showing his teeth , which were fine and of which , as the rest of his person , he appeared to take great care . the old man . the house where i had dwelt . too much ! ” ! ” said mousqueton ; “ i think i should like	70.41776275634766
the siege of rochelle better than this war , then ! ” thus into the <unk> of the earth ? ” the pleasure of seeing you , my little fellow . ” , sir ? ” asked the man . , is dead , ” said morrel . again , undulating like a stormy sea , and the king imagined that he saw shining in the midst of this living wave the bright eyes of athos . , the first thing i beheld in the middle of assunta ’ s chamber was a cradle that might be called sumptuous compared with the rest of the furniture , and in it a <unk> seven or eight months old . to fire ! ” des princes . paper , and	49.76255416870117
write what i dictate . ” are going to <unk> a traveller , sinbad the sailor , a man who comes to see paris ; you are going to make a <unk> of him . ” the work , will you not ? ” ; i would be alone . ” for instance ; what does he expect to have at the end of his devotion ? ” your mind at last , my lord ? ” said rochefort . , ” said athos . her , i am ready to follow you . ” why these bars and these doors ? letter in the <unk> of my coat , ” said planchet ; “ and if i am taken i will swallow it . ” astonishment of	38.0349235534668
d ’ artagnan , appeared shortly ; soon , however , his surprise vanished , for he heard the murmurs of a soft , harmonious voice ; one of these two men was a woman disguised as a cavalier . uttered to his friend , on the following morning , contained a request that franz would accompany him on a visit to the count ; true , the young man had warmly and energetically thanked the count on the previous evening ; but services such as he had rendered could never be too often acknowledged . to add , and that is to propose an example to <unk> mine , for i myself have never appeared at court , and have only taken part in religious wars as	139.9875030517578
a volunteer ; i speak of monsieur de tréville , who was formerly my neighbor , and who had the honor to be , as a child , the <unk> of our king , louis xiii. , whom god preserve ! ” said the queen ; she signed a patent . natural for an eastern woman would , in a european , have been deemed too full of coquettish <unk> after effect . discover the cause of this stillness . too much . ” cardinal would have done so , but this one is too mean a fellow to risk it . ” for a while will be again stretched forth to save me at the very moment when i shall think myself sinking into the abyss .	124.42424774169922
cup of coffee , ” said monte cristo ; “ the history is ended . ” and looked around him suspiciously , whilst grimaud knit his brows and approached the wounded man , whose worn , hard features awoke in his mind such awful recollections of the past . and here we are . ” at this <unk> ii . cried d ’ artagnan , “ that there is a woman in the <unk> woman carried off , a woman who is doubtless threatened , <unk> perhaps , and all because she is faithful to her mistress . ” said the host ; “ and for what ? ” to dessert and cigars . not my secret ; i must not , therefore , tell you . ”	85.95140838623047
feet high ; this man is scarcely five . ” ! ” cried the baron , “ i shall never console myself . ” of the <unk> fragments in his bed , leaving the rest on the floor . ” ” said he , in a hoarse and choking voice , to danglars , “ this , then , i suppose , is a part of the trick you were <unk> yesterday ? make a <unk> paradise of it . ” and saves the life , or at least the liberty , of a <unk> , who on the first occasion returns the service by pointing out some safe spot where we can land our goods without interruption . ” but returned almost immediately . he was somewhat	75.01041412353516
to blame in all that business and we may console ourselves with the reflection that france has no cause of reproach in the matter and did all she could to serve him . ” them is a rich lord from <unk> and the other a knight of malta , of noble family . sir ; i have known that , ” said the queen , “ a long time ; therefore i am delighted to be able thus publicly to mark my gratitude and my esteem . ” a double door , on the threshold of which they found athos ready to receive his illustrious guests according to the notice comminges had given him . <unk> you understand ? ” disappeared , he said with a smile ,	88.97582244873047
— “ ’ tis strange that it should be among such men that we find proofs of friendship and <unk> ” then he dragged himself cautiously to the top of a rock , from which he had a full view of the sea , and thence he saw the tartan complete her preparations for sailing , weigh anchor , and , balancing herself as gracefully as a <unk> ere it takes to the wing , set sail . not deny the justice of your correction , but the more severely you arm yourself against that unfortunate man , the more deeply will you strike our family . ? ” with anger and anxiety , took a seat in the threatening attitude of a judge . an energy which	166.24212646484375
made the count shudder . ” said the shipowner , “ i am not in the least surprised , for she has been to me three times , inquiring if there were any news of the _pharaon_ . he clasped his hands , opened his haggard eyes , and , overcome with his emotion , sank into a chair . , fare better ? also , ” replied faria . , ” replied the lover , “ that were she living i should never have had the happiness of knowing you ; you would then have been too happy to have stooped from your grandeur to bestow a thought on me . ” comprehended that this was his recompense . to defend the door <unk> ; and as	85.0785903930664
, betrayed by the mistress of the inn , he could not say that aramis was absent , he endeavored to prove to the <unk> that it would be the height of indiscretion to disturb his master in his pious conference , which had commenced with the morning and would not , as bazin said , terminate before night . understand , ” said porthos . said lord de winter , presenting d ’ artagnan to his sister , “ a young gentleman who has held my life in his hands , and who has not abused his advantage , although we have been twice enemies , although it was i who insulted him , and although i am an englishman . . come to me . a	66.25775146484375
spaniard . accounts , and it was perhaps not the most favorable moment for finding him in his best humor . in that case , to the king that i am determined on war , and that this measure is my first act of hostility against france . ” him too weak to support such an exertion . escape from this gulf , carrying treasures with them ; she will live and may yet be happy , since her child , in whom all her love is centred , will be with her . withdrew to a corner of the cabinet . : “ we also have money <unk> i have not yet drunk all my share of the diamond , and porthos and aramis have not eaten	123.74547576904297
all theirs . i will guard the king and porthos shall guard the cardinal . ” ” said felton . over to roman justice , which is somewhat expeditious , and which would have been particularly so with him ; but i did nothing of the <unk> suffered him and his band to depart . ” me that ? ” replied the stranger , with a coolness which was barely civil . . ” his nephew to wait for him near the vineyard ; but it appeared the servant did not find him . fernand who served as guide and spy to the french army in spain ? eyes from the object which had first attracted his attention , he asked for his <unk> . end of the	98.47664642333984
world ? ” said monte cristo ; “ you , a journalist , the husband of <unk> ? , under the magic breath of some demon of the night , had suddenly changed into a vast tomb . friends , or are you too proud to speak to them ? ” doing ? ” at once terrified and happy , after having embraced and thanked the feeble old man for thus breaking with a single blow the chain which she had been accustomed to consider as <unk> , asked leave to retire to her own room , in order to recover her composure . court . he added , “ your pardon , sire , but my devotion to your majesty has made me forget , not the	67.85003662109375
respect i have , for that is too deeply engraved in my heart , but the rules of etiquette . ” twisted his mustache and elongated his imperial , which always announced on his part the most triumphant resolutions . , which ali lighted and then retired to prepare the coffee . in a country where for a feast they eat <unk> mutton , and as a treat drink beer . cried danglars , with a confidence and security proceeding less from fear than from the interest he really felt for the young man , “ i solemnly declare to you , that i should never have thought of writing to yanina , did i know anything of ali pasha ’ s misfortunes . ” . at the	165.58389282226562
same time by speculations which have succeeded . mocking tone , and that familiar gesture , <unk> voice and tone , athos made a bound of surprise . ’ t you return to marseilles with us ? ” laugh at the horse that would not dare to laugh at the master , ” cried the young <unk> of the furious tréville . witness the silent agony , the mute despair of noirtier , whose tears silently rolled down his cheeks . early i should be afraid of awakening your majesty . ” going ? ” count ’ s manner of proceeding ; he knew that , like nero , he was in search of the impossible , and nothing astonished him , but wishing to judge with his	127.60875701904297
own eyes how far the count ’ s orders had been executed , he accompanied him to the door of the house . the door of the cabinet to the street gate , the whole hôtel was boiling . was accustomed to his friend ’ s manner of acting , and who perceived immediately , by a word , a gesture , or a sign from him , that the circumstances were serious , took athos ’ s arm , and went out without saying anything . to the window shutter . cruel accusations against you . ” said he . will keep my word . ” <unk> in their horses ’ <unk> , who thus vigorously <unk> recovered their energies . ” said d ’ artagnan ;	51.77863693237305
“ should one of them know his majesty and discover but a substitute , all would be lost . ” of bethune was here and wounded , when you uttered two piercing cries . those men , ” said the queen , as she watched him retiring from her presence ; “ and it is now too late , for in a year the king will be of age . ” a sailor accustomed to the boundless ocean , is a worse punishment than human crime ever merited . to fight with this gentleman , ” said aramis , coming in his turn onto the place . your fortune to me ? for a military life , and had in consequence studied hard , passed brilliantly through the	123.80107116699219
<unk> school , and left it as <unk> of the <unk> of the line . dantès , “ if in two or three days you hail any fishing-boat , desire them to come here to me . ! ” doublet ? ” . becoming mad . ” is not actually my wife ; but , ” added he , drawing out his watch , “ in an hour and a half she will be . ” suffered , ” said the young girl , “ you shall never know , my lord . ” the baroness . . ” no engagement and consider myself quite free . ” said albert , “ you astonish me by the extent of your knowledge . been done by porthos and d	50.721656799316406
’ artagnan afterward they were as ignorant as all the inhabitants of the chateau . ” replied florentin . , you say , on the first story , number one ? ” from your holsters . ” begone ! ” said kitty . ” about ten o ’ clock in the morning , the banker himself had been walking to and fro for some minutes thoughtfully and in evident uneasiness , watching both doors , and listening to every sound . pay ? ” ease through the subterranean passage , which , however , did not admit of their holding themselves erect , the two friends reached the further end of the corridor , into which the abbé ’ s cell opened ; from that point the passage	101.95599365234375
became much <unk> , and barely permitted one to creep through on hands and knees . ” andrea took the pen . , such as i am , gone through this morning , then ? ” asked raoul . the idea that a young , handsome , kind , and witty woman is at the same time rich takes nothing from the beginning of love , but on the contrary <unk> it . he gravely , addressing franz , “ if you look upon me as a liar , it is useless for me to say anything ; it was for your interest i—— ” cord at the moment milady cried from her window , “ don ’ t open ! ” at first ; but d ’	93.31035614013672
artagnan made use of the comte de la fere ’ s name , and after paying a visit to madame de chevreuse , raoul started to rejoin the army . ” said the man proudly ; “ in five minutes he will speak . ” , in whom franz recognized the dumb slave of the grotto of monte cristo . anne , with a degree of <unk> which to certain persons became impertinence , “ this is the reason that you trouble me in the midst of so many <unk> concerns ! by the side of my misfortunes yours appear to me mere <unk> ; that is why my dreadful position makes yours appear <unk> . , but it is a mystery . ” wished for a thousand	84.26419830322266
things , but still she never really wanted any . . , henrietta ? ” she demanded . of lemonade was standing just by his side ; poor barrois was very thirsty , and was <unk> to drink anything he could find . ” close under the wall , then crossed a path , hid entered a clump of trees . now , mercédès ? —then what would you say if you knew the extent of the sacrifice i make to you ? ’ said he , ‘ do you like blows with a cane ? ’ ‘ i can not say , monsieur , ’ answered i ; ‘ no one has ever dared to give me <unk> ’ ‘ well , listen to me , then	107.07791900634766
, monsieur the abbé ! have requested this interview ; i will tell you in two words , sir ; i will not marry count andrea cavalcanti . ” me , sir ? ” said andrea . except the one dreaded by danglars . , lost , destroyed ! ” of which reached d ’ artagnan , <unk> in his heart a thousand sentiments , a thousand recollections that he had forgotten . set the fuse myself , but be careful to conceal your face , so that you can not be recognized by them . ” , which seemed to her of bad omen . , monsieur . ” , edmond , ” replied the owner , who appeared more comforted at every moment , “ we	78.16189575195312
are all mortal , and the old must make way for the young . up to his middle , being unwilling to trust his precious burden to anybody . porthos with that air of wonder which a cunning man can not help feeling at <unk> of <unk> stupidity . i am here , ” said the monk , quickly coming back to him . from his mind the fear he entertained of his terrible <unk> he comprehended the strange qualities of this woman , sometimes a serpent , sometimes a lion . intention , monsieur , for this time i was seeking you ; in the name of the king , i arrest you . ” voice : expedient to declare himself to a mind as intelligent as	115.50191497802734
mazarin ’ s than to a queen admirable for firmness , without doubt , but too much guided by vain prejudices of birth and of divine right . of ten days you would have taken a <unk> , at the end of twenty days , increasing another <unk> , you would have taken three hundred <unk> ; that is to say , a dose which you would support without inconvenience , and which would be very dangerous for any other person who had not taken the same precautions as yourself . had his eyes fixed upon this man , became very pale , and let his glass fall . , madame has visitors . ” notary , m. deschamps , place <unk> , faubourg saint-honoré , and you	124.78067779541016
have my authority to <unk> those deeds . ” commencement of the month of <unk> everything was explained to him by this letter , dated from villeroy : going away in that manner ? ’ artagnan ! a veritable <unk> , my dear friend , that you are making to the temple of friendship , as the poets would say . ” sure , he promised to rejoin us , and we have seen nothing of him . ” said cromwell , laughing , “ is all very well here , but take care a word like that does not escape your lips in public . ” story to me . ” by me—a large one , made of red silk . ” it were , force a	74.56219482421875
passage to his heart , found an impassable barrier . rochefort . my friend , ” replied the abbé . i am not ; for i assure you , his power over our household is almost unlimited . monsieur has asked for , ” replied the lackey . of what was going on ; but he told us we were scoundrels to doubt a gentleman ’ s word , and that as he had said the horse was his , it must be so . ” with albert ? had pronounced had given a particular turn to d ’ artagnan ’ s deliberations ; this was the name of madame de longueville . still ; the family had all retired to rest but villefort , who alone remained	85.3897476196289
up , and worked till five o ’ clock in the morning , <unk> the last interrogatories made the night before by the examining magistrates , <unk> the <unk> of the witnesses , and putting the finishing stroke to the deed of accusation , which was one of the most energetic and best conceived of any he had yet delivered . preparations this morning . ” door opening and shutting was repeated the instant afterward ; the flaming globe descended afresh , and i was completely alone . began her course they lost sight of the yacht , as it disappeared in the gulf of porto-vecchio . gained . ” of , d ’ artagnan ? ” he began . d ’ artagnan remained perfectly calm , and	131.9513702392578
instead of being angry he laughed , and said to porthos : he , “ you have offered us places in your carriage , and at your windows in the rospoli palace . thoroughly than the august heirs had done , but it was fruitless . said the musketeer , making a sign to grimaud to <unk> the bottle he had just brought . , on awaking , found his breakfast waiting for him . ’ sides . they had expected to be thwarted , to have to force the gates , to overturn the guards . that it was indeed she ; but less preoccupied by that pretty face than d ’ artagnan , he had fancied he saw a second head , a man ’ s	91.98969268798828
head , inside the carriage . no order of the kind , but on the contrary began to be insinuating . sir ? ” he said at last . ? ” he has put me . ” thousand tortures by which a man may be made to suffer without society taking the least <unk> of them , or offering him even the insufficient means of vengeance , of which we have just spoken ? the luxembourg . ” ” , and they are arrested ; so that at the end of two or three days they have in their power almost all the <unk> of the establishment . <unk> ” peppino obeyed , and franz and the count were in utter darkness , except that fifty paces in	75.4910888671875
advance of them a reddish glare , more evident since peppino had put out his torch , was visible along the wall . the abbé faria . treated any peril as he would an adversary in a duel , <unk> its probable method of approach ; retreated , if at all , as a point of <unk> and not from cowardice ; was quick to see an opening for attack , and won victory at a single thrust . your position magnificent ; and then the comte de morcerf is a soldier , and it is pleasing to see the <unk> of a bayard united to the poverty of a <unk> ; disinterestedness is the <unk> ray in which a noble sword can shine . . ” d	268.3280334472656
’ artagnan and porthos then found themselves in the centre of a large circle . by the terrible confidence of athos ; yet many things appeared very obscure to him in this half revelation . cried bonacieux , “ follow you at this hour ! ” returned albert , “ i would never forgive you this mistake if you had seen another picture beside this . i treat you <unk> for thirty-five francs . ” joy ; the only moments of sadness i had known since the assassination of the procureur were caused by the recollection that i had abandoned this child . d ’ artagnan ’ s excuses , and perceiving that the four friends desired to be alone , retired . physician ? ” said she	88.8182601928711
. the midst of the mediterranean must be a curiosity . ” artagnan drew kitty quietly away , and slipped into the chamber . to see the ceremony to the end , which delayed me . ” who am mad , and you prove to me that passion blinds the most <unk> . her husband ’ s absence to push open the door of her daughter ’ s study , and m. andrea , who was sitting before the piano with mademoiselle eugénie , started up like a <unk> . , athos ? ” resumed the gascon . old man , “ ask me nothing ; for if i dared tell you what i have seen , certainly no good would befall me . ” for saint germain	55.60206985473633
, followed by porthos . , ” said porthos . the window , and pretended not to hear the door as it opened . , yes and no . ” he to the young girl , “ are you willing , my dear kitty , that i should give you a proof of that love which you doubt ? ” , to horse ! ” on the alert , but it was too late ; our vessel was surrounded , and amongst the custom-house officers i observed several gendarmes , and , as terrified at the sight of their uniforms as i was brave at the sight of any other , i sprang into the hold , opened a port , and dropped into the river , dived	50.12027359008789
, and only rose at intervals to breathe , until i reached a ditch that had recently been made from the rhône to the canal that runs from beaucaire to <unk> . said he ; “ of what else should i speak ? ” come here . finding him there , we left him alone . ” d ’ artagnan , “ this is capital ! the water you drink from the spring , in the fruit you pluck from the tree . ” older than he was . ” seems to be going to see the queen of england . , and you will enjoy a little amusement without cost to yourselves . ” , ‘ nothing too much ’ ? ” . ” , with an	96.29130554199219
air of indulgence and <unk> that made monte cristo smile , acquainted as he was with the secrets of the banker ’ s domestic life . sure of <unk> ? ” de villefort by his first marriage , ” replied the young wife , “ a fine <unk> girl . ” de guiche . misfortune occur ? ” inquired the latter , resuming the interrupted conversation . ? ” <unk> , but still the sea was disturbed . a visit from the examining magistrate , and too late for one from the director of the prison , or the doctor ; it must , then , be the visitor he hoped for . said aramis . cardinal , ” said de winter to him , aside . you	61.77286148071289
know well. ” but the honest servant could say no more , so much was he overcome by this unexpected interview . that . ” the committee of inquiry into the conduct of the lieutenant-general the count of morcerf in epirus and in <unk> with important particulars . ’ done in a day what occupied me an hour . how far your nerves are calculated to bear you through such a scene . he , “ i came quickly ; i wanted to speak to you . ” heaven , run , call ! waiting for you . ” a copy of our bill of <unk> ; and as to the other papers , they sent a man off with the pilot , to whom i gave them	117.33781433105469
. ” it ? ” ! ” replied danglars . , preserved a graceful <unk> of demeanor , aided by a certain degree of simplicity he could assume at pleasure , and thus possessed the advantage . the monk , shaking his head . boat , the chain that <unk> the mouth of the port was lowered and in a second they were , as dantès knew , in the <unk> and outside the inner harbor . exclaimed in her softest and most <unk> manner . never , ” said the marchioness . ” said the executioner ; “ for as i am a good catholic , i firmly believe i am acting justly in performing my functions on this woman . ” the englishman . the countess	73.91995239257812
, “ i know no more of him than yourself . ” the duchess de chevreuse ; did you see her after her return from brussels , after the king ’ s death ? ” is monsieur d ’ artagnan here ? ” your cousin very <unk> ! ” repeated eugénie , as though it had not occurred to her to observe him sooner ; “ the count ? —oh , he is so dreadfully pale . ” sparkled brilliantly . right . ” three days . ” ” replied villefort , “ it is not only projected but arranged . ” should think it very amusing , ” replied franz , “ if it had happened to anyone but poor albert . ” to how he should	60.320777893066406
<unk> seamen are welcome everywhere . falls , and the spectators depart . the appointed hour , the four friends met . to dispose of this diamond . ” from a friend . ” hope for it , but had not told him what was to be hidden in the mysterious pate . for two reasons : the first is that you are a gascon , and the second is that you are my son . to you ? ” the thing is difficult to find in france , and your abbé is not probably disposed to make a journey to paris on my account , i must continue to use monsieur <unk> ’ s <unk> ; and <unk> and <unk> ’ s drops are among my favorite	85.61271667480469
remedies . comfortably furnished . the clock struck ten ; at the fifth stroke the door opened and lord wilmore appeared . more than i deserve , sire , that your majesty may never have occasion to recall the first opinion you have been pleased to form of me. ” the minister of police thanked the young man by an eloquent look , and villefort understood that he had succeeded in his design ; that is to say , that without <unk> the gratitude of the king , he had made a friend of one on whom , in case of necessity , he might rely . not the less stained with blood in a second . would not come through madame de villefort . ” said the	78.23800659179688
old gascon gentleman , in that pure béarn <unk> of which henry iv . red cushion came close to porthos , porthos drew his dripping hand from the font . you are going mad , good bertuccio , ” said the count . to the robbers , ’ said joannes , ‘ here is something for them , ’ and he drew from his pocket a pair of small pistols , loaded to the muzzle . busoni and myself have a small account open between us . of aramis . sure that i go away , ” said d ’ artagnan to himself . taken place between the two contending parties . with loud applause . were calling out , “ stop ! me a report of all	105.427734375
that has happened ? ” simple mien , who had the appearance of a <unk> . francs placed in the hands of morrel & son ; these two hundred thousand francs were the dowry of my daughter , who was to be married in a fortnight , and these two hundred thousand francs were payable , half on the 15th of this month , and the other half on the 15th of next month . , which cleared a way through the crowd ; but on arriving on the quai they were obliged to stop ; the carriage was upset , the horses carried off , stifled , <unk> by the crowd . not a single word was uttered . , madame . ill , dear voiture ?	57.75079345703125
” asked aramis , half hidden by the window curtain . <unk> scoundrels ! ” exclaimed dantès , pressing his hand to his throbbing brows . was heard working away incessantly , when suddenly an unexpected noise resounded in the passage . and children , whom now he could only catch a glimpse of from the top of the wall , when in order to please him they used to walk on the opposite side of the moat . belong to him . do in all cases of any consequence , d ’ artagnan went straight to the residence of athos . of prisoners that were being taken into the town , mordaunt turned his steps toward the rising ground from whence cromwell had witnessed the battle and	95.0857925415039
on which he had just had his tent pitched . ” , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ upon that very horse i came to paris . ” you for the single purpose of offering you a chance to kill monsieur de marsillac whenever you please , prince though he is . ” d ’ artagnan , “ you did not really wish to kill ; you only wished to imprison him . ” not send you more it is because i fear you would not accept a larger sum . feet of cromwell , and in spite of the efforts of the puritan general , who did not like this almost kingly homage , he took his hand and kissed it . louvre , as you	64.6570053100586
know . ” cause of the <unk> was apparent to all . barrois , with the freedom and fidelity of an old servant , “ if m. noirtier asks for a notary , i suppose he really wishes for a notary ; therefore i shall go at once and fetch <unk> ” barrois acknowledged no master but noirtier , and never allowed his desires in any way to be contradicted . grimaud . of the cold and the urgency of the cloak . monte cristo ; “ god grant i may not have done too much already . ” before yesterday to bring them with you ; why have you not done so ? ” then : an <unk> of pieces of slate and began . only had	100.420166015625
the honor of being in her society and conversing with her three or four times in my life ; but you know that even such an acquaintance as that might <unk> my doing what you ask . ” is quite another thing . the <unk> and the <unk> . ” the king entered the hall , surrounded by guards , but wearing his head covered , and with a calm expression turned to every side with a look of complete assurance , as if he were there to preside at an assembly of submissive subjects , rather than to meet the accusations of a rebel court . my lord , as implicitly as if god had spoken to me , ” said the young girl , presenting her	76.4708251953125
forehead to him . , ” said he ; “ here is monsieur d ’ artagnan ; and you are his friends , messieurs athos , porthos , and aramis . ” ask to be your captain , ’ said the young man . me a louis on account . ” rage . ” said athos . said de guiche , “ confess well that brave man ; and be not concerned for your expenses or for those of your mule ; all is paid . ” you . ” , d ’ artagnan . ” he left here he was taken to the palais de justice . ” described had taken place within a half hour . in these three words that everybody , except the king	38.0444450378418
, shuddered . do not look at him , but at this . ” was only mate , and that she belonged to the firm of morrel & son . covered wagon , painted black , and was one of the first to arrive . ” continued faria , “ of removing these iron bars , and letting myself down from the window , which , as you see , is somewhat <unk> than yours , although i should have <unk> it still more <unk> to my flight ; however , i discovered that i should merely have dropped into a sort of inner court , and i therefore renounced the project altogether as too full of risk and danger . your own for as long as you	111.97531127929688
like . question to ask you , —what do you intend to do ? ” edmond ; “ can it be ? ” are at last , ” said one of them . the president ; “ your name ? ” not the slightest appearance of disease in the world , and the rabbit had not the smallest distrust ; yet , five minutes afterwards , the rabbit was dead . happen , you may be sure , ” said d ’ artagnan . on the high road to honors and fortune . replied aramis . , ” said felton , throwing himself between the duke and the bell placed on a stand encrusted with silver . <unk> ... to warn the king , but that very moment	46.83998107910156
i felt a blow as if the house was falling on my head , and fell insensible . had raised his voice so as to be heard by those in the adjoining boxes and in the lobby . to his quarters at the bridge of la pierre , the cardinal found , standing before the house he occupied , d ’ artagnan , without his sword , and the three musketeers armed . do ? ” asked milady . my body , is it not so ? all the night without being discouraged ; but after two or three hours he encountered an obstacle . was nearly trampling , ran away . . during one continued <unk> of <unk> deep <unk> that some great and universally interesting event	106.92159271240234
had occurred ; all eyes , all thoughts , were occupied with the young and beautiful woman , whose <unk> <unk> and splendid jewels made a most extraordinary spectacle . <unk> , which was answered by a wild laugh on the other side of the iron panel . as on the day of the bastion of st. gervais , and do not bow too low to this italian ; that might give him a poor idea of you . ” felton , “ i do not fear him , nor will i spare him . ” under his pillow and gave it to grimaud . you like . ” fourth day of the journey athos and aramis reached <unk> , which place they cautiously passed by on the	79.88701629638672
outskirts , fearing that they might encounter some troop from the queen ’ s army . , i assure you , for i have found something extremely agreeable in your conversation . ” owner of the winning horse ? ” the man came towards edmond , who heard a heavy <unk> substance laid down beside him , and at the same moment a cord was fastened round his feet with sudden and painful violence . she ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . this second <unk> of physical <unk> ; he was at the window , calling : , belongs not to him ; it is mine , in return for my having myself saved him from death . ” quietly , and put it as quietly in	93.94386291503906
his pocket ; read the examination , and saw that the name of noirtier was not mentioned in it ; perused , too , the application dated <unk> april , 1815 , in which morrel , by the deputy procureur ’ s advice , exaggerated with the best intentions ( for napoleon was then on the throne ) the services dantès had rendered to the imperial <unk> which villefort ’ s <unk> rendered <unk> . terror ; but she was absorbed by jealousy . me sadder than before , if it be possible . ! ” ” said athos , to the footman who had given him that answer , “ not only bring news from england , but have just come from there . ” shall be	156.06491088867188
deceived all my life perhaps , but i shall always have faith in a person whose countenance inspires me with sympathy . ” your oldest friends . ” shall rejoice in the prospect of your coming , and in the evening dwell with delight on the happiness i have enjoyed in your presence ; then too , when alone , i can call forth mighty pictures of the past , see vast horizons bounded only by the <unk> mountains of <unk> and <unk> . fear , except from you ? ” in the pursuit of some whim as you do , m. danglars , in promoting a new railway line ; you , m. de villefort , in <unk> a culprit to death ; you , m. debray	159.99664306640625
, in <unk> a kingdom ; you , m. de château-renaud , in pleasing a woman ; and you , morrel , in breaking a horse that no one can ride . louvre . ” be doubled at the death of the old jacobin , noirtier . ” and live happily and long . aramis , let us travel on . ” eugénie . then , ” said monte cristo , “ i am not particular about these five notes , pay me in a different form ; i wished , from curiosity , to take these , that i might be able to say that without any advice or preparation the house of danglars had paid me five millions without a minute ’ s delay ; it	101.83763122558594
would have been remarkable . man whom , in his hours of delirium , he had seen groaning on his bed . that the count does not regret having once deviated from the principles he has so boldly <unk> . ” than i thought i was worth , ” he added , attempting to smile ; “ i fetched 2,000 francs . ” demanded all his three friends . night watch passed . no . to know danger in order to fear it ; indeed , it may be observed , that it is usually unknown perils that inspire the greatest terror . was struck with the sound of his voice : heed , but was , as far as appearances might be trusted , enjoying soft repose	126.32333374023438
and bright celestial dreams . artagnan was not altogether new to mazarin , who , although he did not arrive in france before the year <unk> or <unk> , that is to say , about eight or nine years after the events which we have related in a preceding narrative , * fancied he had heard it pronounced as that of one who was said to be a model of courage , address and loyalty . and the governor is asleep . ” asked the italian . the town d ’ artagnan drew rein . is certainly some magic underneath . ” our wine , and without prejudice say what you think of it ? ” the matter ? ” asked the young lieutenant . ” answered the	85.5081558227539
marquis . left his compliments for your excellency , and desires us to express the regret he feels at not being able to take his leave in person ; but he <unk> you will excuse him , as very important business calls him to malaga . ” wholly personal : she was thinking only of villefort ’ s departure . , pieces of stucco similar to that used in the ground work of <unk> broke off , and fell to the ground in <unk> , exposing a large white stone . ; but , first of all , pray have a servant , father . them such great hearts as yours . all these matters . have done so without your knowledge , danglars , since you are	156.34735107421875
the ship ’ s supercargo ? ” , ” suggested comminges , who was near a window , out of which he could see ; “ hold , the moment is a happy one , for there he is now , giving his blessing in the square of the palais royal . ” business the four friends were able to take away with them a sum of money which , if not large , was sufficient as a provision against delays and accidents . swear to you , by the head of that son for whom i entreat your pity , <unk> , for ten years i saw every night every detail of that frightful tragedy , and for ten years i heard every night the cry which	102.67752075195312
awoke me , shuddering and cold . pistoles , ” he said ; “ and if the action goes off well you may reckon upon a similar sum to-morrow . ” with the first money i touch , i mean you to have a small house , with a garden in which to <unk> clematis , <unk> , and <unk> . ” replied the governor , and he signed to the turnkey to open the door . as if his heart would break , and then buried his face in his hands . see a camp of bandits in repose ? ” he inquired . anger , he left the apartment . to let things take their course without making any direct overture to the count . the	85.022705078125
bell they hastened into the corso by the via <unk> . of this contract , as i performed mine , you bought me from the scotch , <unk> , i know , and that does honor to the <unk> talent of your government . been the sword and he was delighted whenever he could draw it from the scabbard , no matter for whom or against whom . monte cristo ; “ for that reason i wished to keep you near me . ” idea of the amount of your fortune ? ” door of the palace . about as many strawberries , which , on rising suddenly , he let fall from his hand . the tapestry closed behind athos when she said to mazarin : very	108.08748626708984
sure ! ” . would suffice for him , and he sprang forward like a dart between them . of the dining room <unk> with a creak , and porthos perceived through the half-open <unk> the little clerk who , not being allowed to take part in the feast , ate his dry bread in the passage with the double odor of the dining room and kitchen . betrayed me ? ” it yesterday . to his usual custom , until duprez had sung his famous “ <unk> ! _ ” then he rose and went out . morrel ; “ is someone dead in his house ? ” de winter , ” said felton , tired of these eternal complaints . found on their return that the	127.4423828125
count of monte cristo , who had come to visit them in their absence , had been ushered into the drawing-room , and was still awaiting them there . , ” interrupted albert , “ it is only to keep up the mystery ; for whom do you take the blue domino at the window with the white curtains ? ” run to the door ; he had left the key in it , taking the simple precaution of turning it twice in the lock . danglars , “ give me leave to present to you the count of monte cristo , who has been most warmly recommended to me by my correspondents at rome . . ? badly lodged , sister ? and beauchamp read , with	64.2529067993164
more attention than at first , the lines denounced by his friend . purchase it ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i begin to believe that monsieur de la fere will receive the visit of his eminence ; he will , of course , have an escort . ” m. de tréville , the elegant and noble courtier , athos in his most cheerful days might <unk> sustain a comparison . , ” continued lord de winter , “ you will remain in this castle . friend , as affectionate as a father , as consoling as a priest , noble as a man who has suffered much . of time , but those who have begun by crying out : down with mazarin !	69.8127212524414
host was a priest , that <unk> took it into her head that it would be a happy souvenir for her old age , among the many happy <unk> she already possessed , if she could win that of having damned an abbé . ” dress was more distinctly visible by the bright rays of the moon , which , entering through the broken ceiling , shed their <unk> beams on feet <unk> in elegantly made boots of polished leather , over which descended <unk> cut trousers of black cloth . you , ” cried the soldier , and he expired amid horrible tortures . much urging . cardinal ; the cardinal knows everything . ” take with me ? d ’ artagnan overtook the gentleman as he	242.83599853515625
was entering a little wood . anything valuable ? ” demanded the host , after a few minutes of useless investigation . eastern nations have too much good sense to waste their time and attention on objects <unk> of either . for this kind of adventure . the concierge informed your excellency , to m. de saint-méran , villefort ’ s father-in-law . porthos , “ i hear it said that he is very badly fed by the cardinal , monsieur de mazarin . secret ? make your fortune in three or four years . ” caderousse ; “ i am murdered ! ” gutenberg ebook twenty years after *** cunning fellow , ” murmured mousqueton . credited such a thing , my dear danglars ? ” asked	106.86282348632812
m. morrel , as , on his return to the port for the purpose of <unk> fresh tidings of dantès , from m. de villefort , the assistant procureur , he overtook his supercargo and caderousse . , ” replied the magistrate , “ rely upon every reparation being made ; meanwhile , i am the bearer of an order of arrest , and although i most reluctantly perform the task assigned me , it must , nevertheless , be fulfilled . are really afraid , monsieur planchet , ” resumed d ’ artagnan , “ i will go without you . , they will not be occasioned by my <unk> , that i solemnly promise you . ” went and lay down on a truss of straw	88.09270477294922
; and as he had more imagination than the swiss , he dreamed that aramis , having become pope , adorned his head with a cardinal ’ s hat . monte cristo , “ and god , —i can not say in justice , for his justice would have slain you , —but god , in his mercy , spared your life . ” ” “ you , dear mamma ? ” exclaimed m. de villefort and valentine at the same time . toward athos and aramis . spectacles , which covered not only his eyes but his temples , and sitting down motioned to his visitor to do the same . be very happy , but i have my companion , monsieur du vallon , and the	82.97077941894531
two prisoners , whom i can not leave . inconvenient in that , ” said the cardinal . ? de beaufort by his white plume of <unk> feathers . ” it ? ” you , madame ? ” said athos , laughing ; “ he has insulted you , and he shall die ! ” louise ? ” it looks so . , my friend , ” said d ’ artagnan . sadly . ” young man bade him conduct the stranger to m. morrel ’ s apartment . she , with tones of <unk> tenderness , “ you are everywhere ! ” monte cristo took the delicate hand of the young girl in his , and was about to raise it to his lips , when the	34.832645416259766
simple child of nature hastily withdrew it , and presented her cheek . that we had rendered service to general cromwell , instead of king charles , which would have been a disgrace , <unk> from us to him , and from him to your <unk> dishonor which would have <unk> the royalty of your illustrious son . my lord , and we will see . ” i had even written a precise history of the borgia family , for the sole purpose of assuring myself whether any increase of fortune had occurred to them on the death of the cardinal cæsar spada ; but could only trace the acquisition of the property of the cardinal rospigliosi , his companion in misfortune . and paris so civilized a	158.48471069335938
city , that you will not find in its <unk> <unk> say <unk> , because i do not include <unk> will not find , then , in these <unk> <unk> a single hill on which there is not a telegraph , or a grotto in which the commissary of police has not put up a <unk> . , madame ! ” said the young woman , clasping her hands and weeping herself at the queen ’ s sorrows ; “ i am your majesty ’ s , body and soul , and however far i may be from you , however inferior may be my position , i believe i have discovered a means of <unk> your majesty from your trouble . ” milady , placing a bag	71.32427215576172
full of louis in felton ’ s hands . now all the various subjects of which we <unk> , madame , ” continued the count with perfect calmness ; “ but i perfectly remember that , falling into the error which others had entertained respecting me , you consulted me as to the health of mademoiselle de villefort . ” old , and he knew that all these complaints were but a <unk> sort of <unk> to encourage <unk> that he had now come to his point at last . ” shame at my name ; dead , you may raise your head and say , ‘ i am the son of him you killed , because , for the first time , he has been compelled to	85.8969955444336
break his word . ’ ” have just met with a terrible adventure ! having discovered the chest , and supposing it to be a treasure , had intended carrying it off , but , perceiving his error , had dug another hole , and deposited it there ; but i could find nothing . gold in his pockets . it . ” is right , ” replied bertuccio , “ and god made this infant the instrument of our punishment . then , monseigneur , ” said aramis . marched gravely after the valet-de-chambre , who opened the door of the vestibule , then another which seemed to be that of a <unk> , and showing them two stools : his confidant ! ” it seems ?	111.5185546875
” said château-renaud . , “ the devil ! ” said he , “ this has a bad look . as death ; lightning darted from his eyes . to speak to your excellency ; i told him you were gone out , and after some dispute he believed me and gave me this letter , which he had brought with him already sealed . ” succeeded ? ” —oh , what agony ! <unk> i suffer like this long ? ” , floor , were all covered with magnificent skins as soft and <unk> as the richest carpets ; there were <unk> <unk> from <unk> , striped <unk> from <unk> ; <unk> from the cape , <unk> beautifully , like those that appeared to dante ; <unk>	105.28621673583984
from <unk> , <unk> from <unk> , and so on ; and all these skins were <unk> in profusion one on the other , so that it seemed like walking over the most <unk> turf , or reclining on the most luxurious bed . or remove the full project gutenberg™ license terms from this work , or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg™ . the trouble of <unk> , and after looking to see if the stone was the same and assuring himself of the purity of its water , he took it and passed it on his finger with indescribable pleasure . very young . ” a <unk> beauty a year before he was born could not	88.86799621582031
be the subject of any scheme for him . fixed upon the spot indicated by the sailor , and on the blue line <unk> the sky from the mediterranean sea , they perceived a large white sail . laughter . s orders , ” said he , “ conduct the prisoner to the <unk> beneath . ” ’ exclaimed caderousse . , ” replied the duke , “ on what i most reckon and what i determine to try first ? ” ” replied the abbé ; “ and you are the person whom m. de boville , formerly an inspector of prisons , sends to me from the prefect of police ? ” porthos , who had just knocked down his man . , and in that	61.48199462890625
singular manner so peculiar to <unk> , <unk> ; he almost immediately got up and took his leave ; then , for the first time , i observed the agitation of my grandfather , and i must tell you , maximilian , that i am the only person capable of <unk> emotion in his paralyzed frame . him without kissing his mother . , that there are some ? ” said aramis , smiling . access to or distribute copies of a project gutenberg™ work in a format other than “ plain vanilla ascii ” or other format used in the official version posted on the official project gutenberg™ website ( www.gutenberg.org ) , you must , at no additional cost , fee or expense to the user	69.48714447021484
, provide a copy , a means of exporting a copy , or a means of obtaining a copy upon request , of the work in its original “ plain vanilla ascii ” or other form . deep conviction that heaven would not have created two hearts , <unk> as ours do , and almost miraculously brought us together , to separate us at last . ” something to you . between us two would be a serious affair , because you are brave , and i am brave also . that ; he does not himself know the amount of his fortune . ” de lannoy come and inform you instantly ? ” <unk> , the <unk> flower , that down of the <unk> , had <unk>	98.80891418457031
to the winds through the little orthodox counsels which the three musketeers gave their friend . felton , “ we are safe . ” , should like a little <unk> , a cottage down there under the trees , without so many <unk> over my poor body . he would more likely have got rid of me by <unk> a knife into me . ” . ” , the queen and laporte remained each in the same state and almost in the same place , where they were listening and waiting . porthos could not afford to have a baldric wholly of gold , but had at least half . , the old man said ; ‘ i thank you , my son ; and now leave me	97.06675720214844
alone . ’ said ? ” inquired athos . <unk> that he had done so . of this ether and water ? ” madame , ” said felton , “ only do not sing so loud , particularly at night . ” creature in the world , with <unk> hair , blue eyes , —at once <unk> and languishing . ” he . eminence , a league off . ” guard . ” , ” he said , after a minute ’ s pause , extending his hand to monte cristo . told me she wished to send me to london to serve the interests of an illustrious personage . ” <unk> at this ; but athos put his hand upon his shoulder , with a smile ,	36.68247985839844
and d ’ artagnan understood that it was all very well for such a little gascon gentleman as himself to drive a bargain , but not for a man who had the bearing of a prince . of you , ” said monte cristo with a tone of perfect indifference . fifteen of them . ” man his natural successor , and regretted that he had not a daughter , that he might have bound edmond to him by a more secure alliance . and of flexible silver . monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” said the cardinal , “ your coolness <unk> me . ” on the handsome young man , who was scarcely twenty-five years of age , and whom he was leaving in his <unk>	47.62779235839844
, deprived of sense and perhaps dead , he gave a sigh for that unaccountable destiny which leads men to destroy each other for the interests of people who are strangers to them and who often do not even know that they exist . charles , “ that is a severe chastisement for a very trifling fault . ” will put all this to rights . ” the most of my arms , though i never forgot my origin . ” andrea , — “ my servant ’ s coat and my hat ? ” i conceal anything from you ? ” i know what sort of vengeance ! , but marching with a firm step , was charles stuart , who advanced between two priests , followed	112.89111328125
by a few superior officers appointed to preside at the execution and attended by two files of partisans who took their places on opposite sides of the scaffold . ’ clock and the coadjutor required half an hour to go from the archbishop ’ s palace to the tower of st. jacques de la boucherie . the men in black whom you put to flight . ” being , and did not believe in the existence of gratitude . ” ; i had seen him conversing that morning with grimaud , and grimaud had told me that he had made him proposals to enter into his service . , 1815 , at half-past two in the afternoon . ” what do you think ? ” by what visible	76.07486724853516
steps has he attained this high fortune or high position ? ” talk , maximilian ! ” de guiche , “ you must understand that this is one of those wandering brothers , who go begging on the high road until some day a <unk> falls down from heaven on them ; they are mostly <unk> , <unk> or <unk> . under these circumstances , ” said caderousse , “ i will , i even believe i ought to undeceive you as to the friendship which poor edmond thought so sincere and <unk> . ” with fernand ? ” morrel with a trembling voice , “ i had waited since half-past eight , and did not see you come ; i became uneasy , leaped the wall ,	118.55633544921875
found my way through the garden , when voices conversing about the fatal <unk> ” , took three or four steps onwards , and murmured : <unk> thousand livres , ” said athos . evening , however , the beautiful <unk> became <unk> ; she smilingly listened to the soft speeches of d ’ artagnan , and even gave him her hand to kiss . any such encounter . smile . ” cried milady , “ but they see not ; ears have they , but they hear not . ” happened to the young count de guiche ? ” she asked ; “ for not only is he our servant , as you say , sir , but <unk> is one of our friends . ” depicted	84.78824615478516
the expression of these two countenances would certainly have made of them a beautiful picture . the banker , drawing himself up with a haughty air , “ the extent of my resources has never yet been questioned . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ it is twenty years since cardinal de richelieu made me lieutenant . ” the rocks grew a few <unk> <unk> and thick bushes of myrtles . . d ’ artagnan . is not my concern , and i shall sup either with or without your permission . ” , and had sixteen <unk> . of the promise he had made , and of the responsibility he had <unk> retired last to his chamber , begged the host to procure him a map	70.16996002197266
of the province , bent over it , examined every line traced upon it , perceived that there were four different roads from béthune to armentières , and summoned the lackeys . gold chain , and i want a pair of silver buckles . ’ uttered a name so low that the count himself appeared afraid to hear it . toward him and pressed his lips to his brow , as he would have done to a young daughter . ordinary events took place . to work in , but in the darkness he could not do much , and he soon felt that he was working against something very hard ; he pushed back his bed , and waited for day . you , vicomte ; go	136.3644256591797
and bow to her ; don ’ t try to appear anything but what you are , a true country youth ; on no account speak to her of henry iv . ” have been the king who made you such a present . ” s eyes and he leaped lightly to his saddle . to keep himself shut up in his little room . ” ? ” house he saw d ’ artagnan on the threshold and the soldiers lying on the grass here and there , with their arms . greek , ” asked he . silken purse in her hands , while tears of joy rolled down her cheeks , like <unk> on the rose . for having made a stiff , as if it	77.5974349975586
was not in a corsican ’ s nature to revenge himself . ” two friends was not in the least altered by the morning ’ s skirmish . infamy , ” replied milady . muttered gondy , taking his hat to go away ; but on turning around he saw the beggar between him and the door . him with open arms , was chilled as he drew near , in spite of the friendly smile , and simply held out his hand . teresa listened timidly and with downcast eyes to the conversation of her cavalier , as luigi could read in the ardent looks of the <unk> young man that his language was that of praise , it seemed as if the whole world was turning	118.03974151611328
round with him , and all the voices of hell were whispering in his ears ideas of murder and assassination . how dearly have i paid for that fault , unhappy wretch as i am ! ” , that before receiving the order one must submit proofs . ” but one thing i have resolved on , and that is , to stop at nothing to restore a poor devil to liberty , who has got into this scrape solely from having served me . but she came at last to accustom herself to my little ways and understand my little wishes . ” ” prayed the kneeling suppliant , “ protect my husband , guard my son , and take my wretched life instead ! ” river	170.0759735107422
the executioner approached milady , and bound her hands and feet . our side now , ” resumed aramis . descended ; the carriage awaited them at the door , filled with sweetmeats and bouquets . a large sofa , where he was waiting , as he said , for his outfit to come and find him . ? ” said the musketeer . and seemed for the moment to have lost his usual <unk> . into a trot . me and i wept for joy . ” , one of these <unk> , or <unk> , or carp , poisoned at the fourth remove , is served up at your table . , the women ! ” cried the old soldier . or small , were turned	67.84521484375
in the direction to which the mistral blows , one of the three curses of provence , the others being the <unk> and the parliament . night , so devil take me if i know where i am . ” <unk> affection for the prisoner , their promises of mutual fidelity , and how every night , since he had been near , they had met in some neighboring ruins . the <unk> procureur , who has just lost his daughter , and in fact nearly all his family , in so singular a manner ; morcerf dishonored and dead ; and then myself covered with ridicule through the <unk> of benedetto ; <unk> ” heated , ” said the doctor ; “ but really it is a	121.89879608154297
useless precaution . ” time , therefore , to watch bazin <unk> . education to a <unk> in one of the provinces , and now you wish him to complete his education in the parisian world . a pocketbook from his pocket , and took from it a paper folded in four , and after having examined it in a manner almost <unk> , he said : ’ s neck . from the paper , and bowed . , ” replied the marquise ; “ let the past be forever forgotten . ” said monte cristo . olivain to make some inquiry about the young man who was preceding them ; he had been observed to pass only three-quarters of an hour previously , but he was well	65.37260437011719
mounted , as the <unk> had already said , and rode at a rapid pace . the comte de la fere , and looking for an instant at that grand and honest countenance , took the pen . d ’ artagnan , springing forward , in his turn , after the servant . with composure , and , looking forward with terror to his future existence , chose that middle line that seemed to afford him a refuge . man is he ? ” valentine , “ you might meet someone ; stay . ” count with an indescribable expression of anxiety . and mordaunt had really acted as he had related . ? ” asked the count . ” forget your eyes when you run ? ”	60.40949249267578
asked porthos . to go alone to beauchamp ? ” inclosure of the window , watched this scene with a smile of disdain on his lips . as he is still living , i can write to him and he will send me information on the subject . ” taken from the book , since he calls himself sinbad the sailor , and has a cave filled with gold . ” am curious to know two things . ” exclaimed the count . ; however , i think it was something very like a rendezvous . ” ? ” , of hunger , ” said caderousse . one ’ s while to <unk> , andrea , when that good m. monte cristo lets fall his purse . ”	57.20036697387695
, ” said morrel ; “ did you not yourself tell me so as we left paris ? ” said athos , “ aramis is right . ” said andrea with a triumphant smile , “ since i am accepted . is to set out for the army ; he is entirely devoted to the cardinal . ” simpleton ! ” cried danglars , grasping him by the arm , “ or i will not answer even for your own safety . and her hair arranged ( she had accomplished this feat in less than ten minutes ) , received the count on his entrance . aramis , “ you speak to the point . language . done already ? ” do charmingly , ” said the count	56.562679290771484
; “ but may i beg that the greatest haste may be made , for i have reasons for wishing the vicomte not to sleep longer than to-morrow night in paris ! ” said maximilian , laughing ; “ there is her husband changing his jacket for a coat . , ” cried valentine aloud . glad to have seen such a sight ; and i understand what the count <unk> when you have once habituated yourself to a similar spectacle , it is the only one that causes you any emotion . ” satisfied with its contents . small dose is a remedy , a large one is poison . <unk> ’ s one pays twenty-five lire for common days , and thirty or thirty-five lire a	159.3389129638672
day more for <unk> and feast days ; add five lire a day more for <unk> , that will make forty , and there ’ s an end of it . ” we may sleep tranquilly . ” for the figure of a man was distinctly visible to franz , gradually <unk> from the staircase opposite , upon which the moon was at that moment pouring a full tide of silvery brightness . edmond , smiling , “ these are the treasures the cardinal has left ; and the good abbé , seeing in a dream these glittering walls , has <unk> in <unk> hopes . ” . the queen , “ it has been refused . ” with asking d ’ artagnan if he could do anything	121.69808197021484
for him , but d ’ artagnan answered that he was supplied with all he wanted . . ” the middle ages ; there is no longer a <unk> , or free tribunals ; what do you want to ask these people ? still better . ” he added , “ you , who may be called the emperor , if i claim the title of king of finance , have you many pieces of paper of this size , each worth a million ? ” dantès , lost to me long , long since . , madame , ” said villefort . ” was his second thought ; and , indeed , for a man in andrea ’ s situation , an arrest meant the assizes ,	76.85858154296875
trial , and death , <unk> without mercy or delay . he , “ up to this <unk> it is now more than four-and-twenty years since i received the direction of this house from my father , who had himself conducted it for <unk> <unk> has anything bearing the signature of morrel & son been dishonored . ” . contradict his statement , at that instant a violent clap of thunder seemed to shake the house to its very foundation , while a sudden <unk> of wind , mingled with rain , extinguished the lamp he held in his hand . dull sound was heard , like that of a rising tempest or a <unk> of the sea ; but nothing clear , nothing distinct , nothing <unk>	155.98031616210938
; it was like those mysterious subterraneous noises that precede an <unk> . , no , ” said madame de saint-méran ; “ but i was impatiently waiting for your arrival , that i might send for your father . ” mention made of d ’ artagnan or of porthos , but every one was engrossed by articles and <unk> . , do you persist in anticipating the worst , —why picture so gloomy a future ? ” then ? ” asked richelieu . in the same way that an honest man does ; a hypocrite does not shed the tears of a man of good faith . us . ” ? ” athos , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i should like better not to	75.74894714355469
risk anything . ” ? ” generous heart should be accepted generously . <unk> by valleys as green as the emerald . be hard to <unk> considering , ” continued athos , throwing a glance at aramis , “ the chances that may come to us on the way . ” . ” then , and ask for me , not intelligence , but a trial ; not pardon , but a <unk> trial , sir , i ask only for a trial ; that , surely , can not be denied to one who is accused ! ” child , sir , ” murmured villefort . ” replied bonacieux , in a sepulchral tone . the name of the island he has purchased . ” that ,	72.85086822509766
you idiot ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . three conditions which displeased mazarin and he offered the prince ten thousand crowns to renounce them . ” ” the silence . that marvellous rapidity which the unlimited power of the count ever commanded . the marquise , “ it seems probable that , by the aid of the holy alliance , we shall be rid of napoleon ; and we must trust to the vigilance of m. de villefort to <unk> marseilles of his partisans . been overheard by anyone ? ” ? ” said the queen . , albert ? ” it , ” said athos . as he uttered the word . rochefort had been the very soul of the attack , the crowd who had	64.83434295654297
followed and obeyed him took to flight on seeing him fall . and believes that i am taken by order of the cardinal . man who loved her . ” , if i mistake not , the chevalier d ’ artagnan is lieutenant of royal guards ; but take care , for i fear that this man is entirely devoted to the cardinal . ” of triumphant ferocity . never drank , and put the crown piece in his pocket . wished to know , ” said the queen . generalissimo . ! ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i had forgotten that he was only a musketeer for a time . ” subject to the investigation of the cardinal ; a family affair concerned nobody .	64.46229553222656
, no , ” cried albert ; “ i came to rome to see the carnival , and i will , though i see it on <unk> . ” to me that the way in which he left us needs no explanation . , situated in the rue du <unk> , resembled a camp from by six o ’ clock in the morning in summer and eight o ’ clock in winter . a fee or distribute a project gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement , you must obtain permission in writing from the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , the manager of the project gutenberg™ trademark . to settle in france , he left me at	39.972171783447266
his departure , together with the papers <unk> my identity , a letter promising , if he approved of my choice , <unk> livres per annum from the day i was married . his hand on his heart . while conversing with madame danglars , and apparently absorbed by the charm of the conversation , that the count noticed m. andrea cavalcanti ’ s solicitude , his manner of listening to the music at the door he dared not pass , and of <unk> his admiration . tennis ? ” asked la ramee , giving more serious attention to the duke ’ s words . handle of the door ; valentine , who understood sooner than anyone her grandfather ’ s answer , and who had often seen	107.61897277832031
two <unk> upon his right arm , drew back a few steps . monsieur ; everything is turned <unk> in the world nowadays . ” look at my room , my four straw chairs , my images , three francs each . replied the commissary . i do not know the writing , and yet it is tolerably plain . law has commanded , and when it commands it strikes . raoul , returning the count ’ s pressure of the hand , “ i like you already , from my heart ; pray regard me as a devoted friend , i beseech you . ” madame de villefort , “ it must be an admirable <unk> . ” de la fere , a gentleman who has never	70.76412963867188
deceived any human being , swear before god and before this unhappy queen , that all that was possible to save the king of england was done whilst we were on english ground . strength , she forced herself to close her eyes ; but this simple operation upon the most delicate organs of our frame , generally so easy to accomplish , became almost impossible at this moment , so much did curiosity struggle to retain the <unk> open and learn the truth . rospigliosi and spada , conferred upon them the insignia of the <unk> , and induced them to arrange their affairs and take up their residence at rome . unprotected by copyright law in the united states and you are located in the united	148.72500610351562
states , we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying , distributing , performing , displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed . had abandoned him and fell back , groaning , upon his bed . you are very <unk> ! ” that the statement is false . ” she , “ i believe you now begin to hesitate . ” small salon , excellency , ” returned bertuccio . too reasonable to be led by imagination . ” and his wife hurried down with lamps into the cellar , which had so long been <unk> to them and where a frightful spectacle awaited them . ” replied caderousse ; “ say no	67.65148162841797
more about it ; i will take all the consequences upon myself . ” sat in the furthest corner of the room , as if determined to be merely a spectator of the proceedings . her figure and the perfumes she had about her , that she was young and fastidious in her tastes , but that was all . ” a hurry to be happy , m. danglars ; for when we have suffered a long time , we have great difficulty in believing in good fortune . ” said andrea , “ that isn ’ t a bad idea . ” himself that , to all outward view , he had completely masked the feelings which were passing in his mind , he did not know	57.845462799072266
that the cloud was still lowering on his brow , so much so that the count , whose smile was radiant , immediately noticed his sombre and thoughtful air . such a rock ; he would break you like glass . ” young man ’ s frame . slightly wounded , one on the hand , another on the ear , by the <unk> of the stair , who himself remained <unk> piece of skill which was worth to him , according to the rules agreed upon , three turns of favor . disguised as a monk he travels alone in france . ” ” vengeance should precede celestial justice . ” order and for the good of the state that the bearer of this has done what	141.93727111816406
he has done . , if you <unk> , if you get drunk , you risk your master ’ s head , who has so much confidence in your fidelity , and who answers for you . , ” he murmured . know very little about the nonsense which here <unk> down our streets . ? , ” said planchet ; “ you do not know me yet . wager , your honor , that you and i are thinking of the same thing . ” something on the panels of your carriage , to escape being searched by the custom-house officers . general quesnel to go there , and general quesnel , who quitted his own house at nine o ’ clock in the evening , was	66.50858306884766
found the next day in the seine . ” monseigneur , a scoundrel ! ” refund of any money paid by a user who <unk> you in writing ( or by <unk> ) within 30 days of receipt that <unk> does not agree to the terms of the full project gutenberg™ license . days of july , when in due course of time the saturday arrived upon which the ball was to take place at m. de morcerf ’ s . mechanically looking behind him , and between the figures of two soldiers he could see parry standing up and charles leaning on his elbow with his hands clasped and apparently offering a fervent prayer to god . the mouth of the messenger himself . ” ” <unk>	91.4435043334961
that letter into your pocket ! ” , sadly shaking his head , “ yes , it is as you said , misfortune , indeed , has overtaken us . early as you <unk> seven o ’ clock ; but beware , if you and your musketeers are guilty . ” good sort of a man . ” villefort , “ those to whom the guilt really belongs , by whom the crime was committed , on whose heads the justice of man may probably descend here , and the certain judgment of god hereafter , would rejoice in the opportunity thus afforded of bestowing such a <unk> as valentine on the son of him whose life they so <unk> <unk> ” noirtier had succeeded in <unk> his	142.403076171875
emotion more than could have been deemed possible with such an enfeebled and shattered frame . friend , ” said athos ; “ i am sure that whatever you do is well done . ” concerns the war which the king , my husband , is now sustaining against his rebellious subjects . on the ground . ” gentleman , you shall have no cause to repent of your confidence . ” limits she had traced beforehand with her irresistible spirit and her iron will . have considered the disclosure of m. de villefort insignificant , or else dictated by <unk> <unk> ” these words were an allusion to the sentiments which the minister of police had uttered with so much confidence an hour before . indeed ,	127.68191528320312
the jailer antoine told me one connected with this very dungeon . ” out instantly for saint germain , but the queen declared that she should wait for the people whom she had appointed to meet her . ” ” said the young man , “ that i should be exceedingly grieved to leave it . ” the count , “ and you confirmed the report . , sire ; they slumber sometimes , but only revive the stronger before they sleep entirely . ’ ” said , “ mouston is not so young as he was , my dear fellow ; besides , he has grown fat and perhaps has lost his fitness for active service . ” come , then ! ” cried milady , trying	81.72137451171875
to drag the young woman along by the arm . and tell me all . ” the ground , one bathed in blood and motionless , with his face toward the earth ; this one was dead . elegant , <unk> young man , was also possessed of considerable talent and ability ; moreover , he was a <unk> recently created one , certainly , but in the present day it is not necessary to go as far back as <unk> in <unk> a descent , and a genealogical tree is equally estimated , whether dated from <unk> or merely 1815 ; but to crown all these advantages , albert de morcerf commanded an income of 50,000 livres , a more than sufficient sum to render him a	149.30319213867188
personage of considerable importance in paris . his mouth watered . i had said all , he advanced toward me ; i sprang toward the table , i seized a knife , i placed it to my breast . a new acquaintance . ” could execute the commission better than himself , grimaud set off at full speed ; whilst , enchanted at being all together again , the friends awaited his return . morrel ’ s , but the owner , hearing of his arrival , went to see him . ” said he ; “ <unk> the servants who remain there . julie , “ i have not lost all hope of some day kissing that hand , as i now kiss the purse which he	115.74488830566406
has touched . recovered its serenity . he said , “ may i inquire what are the orders with which your majesty deigns to honor me ? ” shipwrecked persons had died through having eagerly devoured too much food . , but he talked loudly , little caring , we must render him that justice , whether anybody listened to him or not . blaisois , “ i warn you that i can only swim in rivers . ” write to the major to demand papers , and here they are . you are welcome , had not death opened the way for you into this house . ” <unk> is going on here ? ” said he , in a jeering voice , on seeing the prisoner	156.1741943359375
sitting up and felton about to go out . turned , the chateau de la valliere appeared in view ; then , a quarter of a mile beyond , a white house , encircled in sycamores , was visible at the farther end of a group of trees , which spring had <unk> with a snow of flowers . whatever source the blow may have <unk> may be from an enemy , but that enemy is only the agent of providence . ” ; that sets my mind at rest . it ; his languishing looks and <unk> tones when addressing mademoiselle danglars fully proclaim his intentions . is , ” replied cavalcanti , in a very modest tone . through paris on the twenty-third , in the	161.19601440429688
night . notary to be sent for immediately ? ” ( <unk> et <unk> ) ! ’ ” moment that it might , ” said villefort ; “ but that happiness was denied me . , and aramis . ” , monsieur ? ” seemed to be animated with almost human intelligence , so promptly did it obey the slightest touch ; and dantès required but a short trial of his beautiful craft to acknowledge that the genoese had not without reason attained their high reputation in the art of <unk> . , did greater execution ; but the bourgeois , more numerous , overwhelmed them with a veritable hurricane of iron . ” said milady , lifting hers to her mouth , “ do as i do	146.0706329345703
. ” of being tired and obliged to walk . ” open letter to kitty , who at first was unable to comprehend it , but who became almost wild with joy on reading it a second time . he pretended not to do so and tried to continue his road . to have communicated itself to danglars . my saddle , already loaded . ” you have an hour ; _ ’ or ‘ <unk> . ’ ” nevertheless . are the best of friends ; their apparent <unk> are only <unk> to deceive fools . worthy gentleman , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ pick out the <unk> , and come and show it to me this evening . ” and fainted . dear sir	93.87933349609375
; then i consent to cut <unk> with you . champs-élysées just now , worthy <unk> . ” a king ’ s attorney . abbé ’ s meaning , or had no more questions to ask ; he arose , and the abbé accompanied him to the door . , but whether maltese or sicilian i can not exactly say ; but this i know , that he is noble as a <unk> and rich as a gold mine . ” . ” <unk> of the shutters ; no noise gave reason to believe that it was inhabited . ? ” said monte cristo , with interest . so direct when you know that he <unk> me ? ” the step you are taking . ” moved by	74.29378509521484
them . he muttered , “ very droll indeed , ” and he again began to carve the fowl , when peppino stopped the baron ’ s right hand with his left , and held out his other hand . has his foot on the cellar door . ” artagnan felt himself tremble to the very marrow of his bones . for <unk> the <unk> ; they demanded <unk> francs . via <unk> <unk> , near st. peter ’ s . sleeping ; two of them were singing in a corner , out of <unk> , the <unk> : “ on the rivers of babylon . ” was a prisoner . lively mood to his room and sent to the swiss the things that belonged to him .	81.91585540771484
morrel , who remained motionless as a statue . imagine , ’ —and then paused . perhaps , no faith in those words ? ” said d ’ artagnan . you introduced me at m. danglars ’ . ” o ’ clock . that had been allowed for his journey as a reward for the majestic and solemn manner in which he had maintained his assumed character of father . the wounded man to die under the hands of such a friar ! ” , ” said he . i am certain , awaits your majesty ’ s reply before risking anything . ” give them . ” as much when the wretch kept moving around the room . in each other ’ s arms . , you	68.42420196533203
are but a child ; you think yourself well informed because the telegraph has told you , three days after the landing , ‘ the usurper has landed at <unk> with several men . grottos , or on board in your cloak ; besides , if your excellency pleases , we can leave as soon as you <unk> can sail as well by night as by day , and if the wind drops we can use our oars . ” <unk> her to make this last sacrifice . only senses remaining , and they , like two solitary sparks , remained to <unk> the miserable body which seemed fit for nothing but the grave ; it was only , however , by means of one of these senses	156.765625
that he could reveal the thoughts and feelings that still occupied his mind , and the look by which he gave expression to his inner life was like the distant gleam of a candle which a traveller sees by night across some desert place , and knows that a living being <unk> beyond the silence and obscurity . ” every one was in his appointed position ; at half-past ten the prince visited the posts and gave his final orders for the following day . lost unless she gave felton an immediate and terrible proof of her courage . lords on the other side of the <unk> frequently marry into plain families ; like jupiter , they like to cross the race . the effect that the owners	322.53057861328125
of the _pharaon_ had promised to attend the nuptial feast ; but all seemed unanimous in doubting that an act of such rare and <unk> condescension could possibly be intended . probability his <unk> would not permit him to depart yet awhile . proverb to the effect that it is only mountains that never meet ; and popular <unk> contain sometimes a wonderful amount of truth . ” gate . ” when i have no candle i can ’ t take two steps without knocking against something . ” wrong . ” him , ” answered caderousse . , perform , distribute or redistribute this electronic work , or any part of this electronic work , without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.e.1 with active	141.11126708984375
links or immediate access to the full terms of the project gutenberg™ license . midst of a tremendous and general <unk> , seven or eight horses , excited by the shouts of three hundred thousand spectators , passed by like lightning . of her own , and hates me for being so richly endowed . ” replied dantès . thunderstruck ; a paleness ran like a cloud over his dark skin , but disappeared immediately . and heard not the noise of the fall of louis xviii. ’ s throne , or the still more tragic destruction of the empire . to inform my wife ? ” said he . at friquet and recognized the little chorister of the rue de la <unk> . madame danglars , “	94.21976470947266
the count of monte cristo can know nothing , or he would not seek our society as he does . ” that he can count on you ? ” dessert , would have liked to hear the conversation ; but the citizen declared to d ’ artagnan that , what he had to say being important and confidential , he desired to be left alone with him . . ” tell you , my lord , that you are mistaken , ” replied the gascon , <unk> , firm to the promise he had just made to anne of austria . her hands , and fell on her knees . ” he at length muttered , “ do you see ? ” tools ? ” , i should	51.36149597167969
die too . ” , that it seemed to <unk> to one who had been long <unk> , and who was incapable of resuming the <unk> glow and hue of life . good will , ” said dantès . a registered trademark . the shutter , three light and regular taps . a very small , low window , just large enough to let a man through . this horse were so well concealed under his <unk> hide and his unaccountable gait , that at a time when everybody was a connoisseur in <unk> , the appearance of the <unk> pony at <unk> place he had entered about a quarter of an hour before , by the gate of <unk> an unfavorable feeling , which extended to his	137.0911102294922
rider . for instantly . ” hand to hand , money from the king , and was not the least in the world humiliated . wish . with these <unk> hold me responsible ? ” alarmed , <unk> is i ! ” certainly not intended to penetrate the <unk> of the campagna , he slid down like peppino , and closing his eyes fell upon his feet . ” said the queen , “ what is your opinion of this riot ? ” ; at least , nothing in good earnest . ” at the gate of the town , guarded by two sentinels . me , and i , fool as i was , instead of keeping the ring as a holy relic , gave it to	59.7840690612793
this wretch . ” , be better satisfied that i should not go farther into particulars . ” no longer king , ” cried the queen . ; your conversation is full of instructive things . ” and my ideas , ‘ why , ’ said i , ‘ should that man have carried away the corpse ? ’ ” friend , ” said the count , with the smile which he made at will either terrible or benevolent , and which now expressed only the <unk> feeling ; “ i am not an inspector , but a traveller , brought here by a curiosity he half <unk> of , since he causes you to lose your time . ” was calm and more interesting than ever ,	91.61759948730469
he left the hall , escorted by gendarmes , who involuntarily paid him some attention . was launched , and when he was once launched nothing stopped him . go about his business ? ” sign with his head which indicated that he entirely approved that doubtful maxim . been in the secret since six o ’ clock , and <unk> great their prudence might be , they could not issue the necessary orders for the departure without suspicion being <unk> . debray ? ” t be laid up more than a fortnight . an <unk> in <unk> robes entered , followed by two guards , to whom the king waved an imperious gesture . occasion , i permit you to speak , my friend ; but be	145.99307250976562
laconic , i beg . soul , my dear fellow , it strikes me that our elegant and attentive neighbor must either be some successful <unk> who has speculated in the fall of the spanish funds , or some prince travelling <unk> . ” had not much reason to complain of your fortune in your contest with him . ” said she . expect ? do ? sitting up in the armchair , a still more graceful and abandoned position than when she reclined . , my dear ? ” asked milady . ” not the only one i miss here ; i do not see morrel . ” these lackeys , with a <unk> in the left hand . ” , and he <unk> them by clasping	99.94070434570312
his hands . to the chateau which , compared to its ancestor on the hill , was exactly what a <unk> of the <unk> of the duc d ’ <unk> would have been beside a knight in steel armor in the time of charles vii . was handsome , but this is not all ; teresa was endowed with all those wild graces which are so much more <unk> than our affected and studied <unk> . ? ” he said to the prisoner . , lieutenant , ” said the soldier . ’ s servants , who had assembled in the kitchen , and had a long consultation , came to tell madame de villefort that they wished to leave . felton ; “ we are here .	70.7935562133789
” <unk> water into a glass , and presented it to her , saying with a mildness in which was also a shade of command , — “ courage . ” <unk> the <unk> . ” to put up at the ‘ arms of england ’ ? ” worthy gentleman , for , with the exception of yourself , monsieur d ’ artagnan , there ’ s not a man in france that i esteem and love so much as him—— ” to advance , counting the houses and windows . the bandit , “ that is only another way of killing me . <unk> , opened it , and pulling out a drawer filled with gold , said to franz , “ i hope you will not	63.96293258666992
offend me by applying to anyone but myself . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . , ” returned the landlord , <unk> and rubbing his hands with infinite <unk> , “ i think i may take upon myself to say i neglect nothing to deserve the support and patronage of the noble visitors to this poor hotel . ” us to ruin . ” <unk> bent . signor pastrini , that i shall not believe one word of what you are going to tell us ; having told you this , begin . , dear grandfather ? ’ said i , ‘ are you pleased ? ’ he gave me a sign in the affirmative . thou to do with me ? ’ as <unk> said	57.64844512939453
. the pistols from the saddle he had quit to the one he was about to fill , but he found the holsters furnished with similar pistols . <unk> and <unk> in the streets find some <unk> hand to cast them a mouthful of bread ; and that a man , a christian , should be allowed to perish of hunger in the midst of other men who call themselves christians , is too horrible for belief . gentleman could have written such a letter to a <unk> ” then all at once , starting , she cried , “ my god ! for you with my knife . ” permitted to enter by that door . bed , for i can no longer support myself . ”	80.31169891357422
think so . ” the latter ; “ only , if the queen has the studs , which i very much doubt , count them , sire , and if you only find ten , ask her majesty who can have stolen from her the two studs that are here . ” . ” constantinople . ” open the door if i heard anyone cry out , ” said the soldier ; “ but you forgot to leave me the key . the question i am about to put to you . profound silence , and the gloomy thoughts inspired by the hour , and still more by her own conscience , all combined to produce a sensation of fear ; the poisoner was terrified at the contemplation	83.4532699584961
of her own work . cried the young girl , out of breath , and half dead with <unk> “ saved , you are saved ! ” and she threw herself into his arms , holding in her extended hand a red , <unk> silk purse . get his hat and throw himself breathless into the closet when the procureur ’ s footstep was heard in the passage . valentine doing ? ” inquired madame de villefort of edward ; “ tell someone to bid her come here , that i may have the honor of introducing her to the count . ” that m. and madame de villefort were beginning to speak in <unk> , appeared to pay no attention to the conversation , and feigned to	67.3688735961914
be busily engaged in watching edward , who was <unk> pouring some ink into the bird ’ s <unk> . drops on mazarin ’ s brow . hour ? ” said she . ” you say to that ? ” ” said he , “ and the house door is shut . ” said d ’ artagnan to himself ; “ he calls that being as poor as job ! , reassured by the silence , which was alone disturbed by the regular breathing of valentine , again extended her hand , and half hidden by the curtains succeeded in emptying the contents of the phial into the glass . it has not . ” , and awoke mad . ” cried mme . to negotiate for my	53.27886199951172
cardinal ’ s hat in my own fashion . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , without stopping to explain his conduct to porthos , “ all for one , one for <unk> is our motto , is it not ? ” me , ” said mordaunt , “ and i have seen neither goat nor kid caught among the bushes of the plain . ” ” replied the englishman .	57.7825813293457
Average perplexity: 90.06837093343293
