” ” replied the captain . overcame all difficulties with a <unk> majesty ’ s order ; and , in spite of the protestations which the master of ceremonies made for the honor of his office and principles , villefort was introduced . ; one gets to like , without knowing it , all those beautiful objects that god causes to spring from the earth , which are despised in cities . entered the courtyard and d ’ artagnan led the prisoner up the great staircase and across the corridor and ante-chamber . year for kings , ” said gondy , shaking his head ; “ look at england , madame . ” his right of using his . ” to specify my wishes , i should have	164.3860626220703
too much . interrupted the jesuit , on seeing that his <unk> was going <unk> , “ now your thesis would please the ladies ; it would have the success of one of monsieur <unk> ’ s <unk> . ” cloister ; i will become a nun , ” said milady . de chevreuse ? ” ” said the queen . , and was soon at m. de tréville ’ s ; but instead of going into the saloon with the rest of the crowd , he asked to be introduced to m. de tréville ’ s office . a charge ! then , at the hôtel de londres with you ? ” last moments . and notwithstanding his suspicions , as the wound might be serious ,	70.57730102539062
he immediately sent off a mounted man to find a physician . be on the alert by land , whilst the governor pursues me by sea . ’ clock approached , and the carriage was momentarily expected by the count , the indication of more than common impatience and uneasiness might be observed in his manner . of a conspiracy against england will your honor give me all four of them ? ” partook of his <unk> another partook of his <unk> another was to die before him ! struck one when the carriage which conveyed madame de morcerf rolled away on the pavement of the champs-élysées , and made monte cristo raise his head . to put a question to you , and one very much to	183.2786407470703
the purpose too . the same time making a hole in the wall . ” ; with certain people , everything comes round . ” albert ; “ but remember , signor pastrini , that both my friend and myself attach the greatest importance to having tomorrow the costumes we have asked for . ” attend to the prisoners in his absence . passed for a severe but a just man . ” ” said the gascon , “ since we shall not die of thirst . the ringing sensation in his ears , and the madness which turned his brain , villefort rose as he perceived her . ? ” said the president , stupefied , and without noticing the agitation which spread over the face of	117.32505798339844
m. de villefort ; “ king ’ s attorney ? ” before eleven o ’ clock your father has not found someone who will come to his aid , he will be compelled at twelve o ’ clock to declare himself a bankrupt . ” they should sin no more , ” said beauchamp , laughing . to hunt , for he has neither dogs nor arms ; he ’ s not going on a message , for he goes secretly . was the enmity of man , and not the vengeance of heaven , that had thus plunged him into the deepest misery . and quitted the box . as if his feet had been rooted to the ground ; then he put the butt of his	104.54326629638672
carbine to his shoulder , took aim at the ravisher , followed him for a second in his track , and then fired . ? ” the table , saw the glittering of a knife , rushed toward it and clutched it ; but her disappointment was cruel . it ? ” , ’ said la carconte ; ‘ i do not like open doors when it <unk> . ’ is terrible , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but when i reflect that we have killed english , rochellais , spaniards , nay , even french , who never did us any other harm but to aim at and to miss us , whose only fault was to cross swords with us and to be unable	147.2710418701172
to ward off our <unk> can , on my honor , find an excuse for my share in the murder of that woman . ” , my friend , who read them for the first time ; but not for me , who have grown pale over them by many nights ’ study , and have <unk> every phrase , completed every thought . ” which served as <unk> , in a moment we were <unk> upon the <unk> ; we were well placed and saw everything . round felton ’ s neck , and let herself slip out of the window . father lost sight of him for more than ten years ; what he did during these ten years , god only knows . numerous for	145.59242248535156
me to remember them all , and i will content myself with the first , ” said the queen , graciously . ” it with all possible attention , ” said dantès , “ and i only see a <unk> paper , on which are traces of <unk> characters inscribed with a peculiar kind of ink . ” masters , and did not know the lackeys ; on the contrary , the lackeys knew milady perfectly . the world you invoke , try to prove to that world that you are neither guilty nor mad ! ’ do with him ? ” father . ” to the gascon ; but as before she expected him in vain . his _moccoletto_ in his hand . charles . is not	96.8455810546875
his own idea ; it is the republic ’ s , which deputed <unk> to devise a uniform for the <unk> . ” and the two grooms then mounted their horses , and all four started off at a quick trot to rejoin raoul and his companion . brow , <unk> decided anxiety and uneasiness , instead of the expression of offended pride which had lately reigned there . asked athos . , monsieur ? ” asked morrel . continued athos , shaking his head mournfully , “ upon my soul , you make me the most miserable of men ; you <unk> a heart not wholly dead to friendship . , and read : . ” account , surely , ” replied monte cristo ; “ for	109.0286636352539
a man is above that sort of thing ? ” ” cried beauchamp , “ the minister <unk> <unk> , what shall we come to next ? ” , he besought me to try and clear up a mystery he had never been able to penetrate , and to clear his memory should any foul spot or stain have fallen on it . ” bertuccio kept his own in his pocket , and merely <unk> a few pieces of money . returned , followed by the doctor and other attendants . ” said d ’ artagnan “ i answer that while there remains a drop of blood in my veins you will be neither hanged nor shot . wait patiently , then . ” ” said athos ,	126.51527404785156
“ i think i was wrong not to let you fire . ” <unk> , and went from thence to <unk> , where i arrived just in time to witness the raising of the siege . , stupefied , annihilated . him for nearly ten minutes , and in these ten minutes the immovable guardian never turned round once . which had attracted dantès ’ attention , crowned the summit of the bastion of the château d ’ if . to say to him . ” i should find there people who would force me to understand things of which i would prefer to remain ignorant , and who would try to explain to me , in spite of myself , a mystery which even they do not	107.45252990722656
understand . his wishes were in perfect harmony with the order he had received , he started the same evening . , who never did a bad action but that i have told you <unk> in <unk> , with my poor wife dying of fever before my very eyes , and i unable to do anything in the world for her ; i shall die of hunger , as old dantès did , while fernand and danglars are rolling in wealth . ” i were named madame de <unk> , or the queen marie de <unk> , i should use less precautions than i take , being simply called milady clarik . ” one , ” said kitty , “ who appears to me quite a different sort	163.84295654296875
of a man from that poor monsieur d ’ artagnan . ” , many remembered him as being so amiable , so handsome , and so liberal , that they chose to think him the victim of some conspiracy , since in this world large fortunes frequently excite the <unk> and jealousy of some unknown enemy . know all this ? ” ’ s great astonishment , luigi remained mute , and not a word escaped his lips the rest of the evening . four hours ’ march i stop to write to you , for i miss you every moment , and i am always on the point of turning my head as if to reply when you speak to me . it , ‘ he was	139.38648986816406
not <unk> ’ so the master of monte cristo gives himself airs <unk> a great millionaire or a capricious beauty . an annuity . ” came two companies of the guards , one french , the other swiss . s horse by the bridle and led him forth out of the <unk> . happiness . to draw up an accusation against m. <unk> or m. <unk> , in consequence of the rabbits , cats , and <unk> they have killed ? —not one . rose , bowed to aramis and d ’ artagnan , and advanced toward the door . husband ? ” of the <unk> ” “ marie michon ” , but not one of the guests had a costume similar to her own , or those	151.54983520507812
of her companions . , and a sacred command . ” room ? ” cried athos . friend , let us approach the window and there you can match your strength against that of an iron bar . ” . friend , in 1814 or 1815 , of a sailor named edmond dantès . struck , when the inside blind was opened and a light appeared through the panes of the outside shutter . ” cried d ’ artagnan . mother , he found her in the boudoir reclining in a large velvet armchair , the whole room so obscure that only the shining <unk> , fastened here and there to the drapery , and the angles of the gilded frames of the pictures , showed with some	139.75279235839844
degree of brightness in the gloom . out his hand , but the other pretended not to see it and he let it drop again slowly by his side . , no ! —i may be found here , therefore help me back to my room while i have the strength to drag myself along . of paris , then ? ” , thanks ! ” reach a <unk> spot , ” said andrea . up in you i am sure . set out . was under him ? ” say to you , if you are really strong , really superior , really pious , or impenetrable , which you were right in saying amounts to the same <unk> be proud , sir , for that is	124.17015838623047
the characteristic of <unk> . ” asked the count , assuming all air and tone of the utmost simplicity and candor . passion , roaring on the deck like a <unk> that has been <unk> , had been tempted to throw herself into the sea that she might regain the coast , for she could not get rid of the thought that she had been insulted by d ’ artagnan , threatened by athos , and that she had quit france without being revenged on them . master broussel ! ” he cried ; “ the guards are in the carriage and the officer is upstairs ! ” , and made , therefore , but a poor courtier . to dispose , ” he continued , “ of	101.32564544677734
the parliament ! monsieur ! ” said the light-horseman , drawing from his <unk> a very handsome watch , studded with diamonds ; “ half past seven . ” ; the cardinal took a key from his bureau and opening the door of a secret stair descended into the court of the palais royal . write ! ” long a time had kept silence as to the treasure , now perpetually talked of it . all you can give me , and from to-day your debt is paid . ” of attention on your part . ” if poisons acted equally , and with the same effect , on men of the north as on men of the south ; and you answered me that the cold and	172.03721618652344
<unk> habits of the north did not present the same aptitude as the rich and energetic temperaments of the natives of the south . ” ! ” to me about the circumstance which has just happened ? ” with too much pleasure to dream of a refusal . to choose quickly , for we have not an instant to lose . ” and deep interest the young girl , absorbed by her affection , and he also , like morrel , followed those traces of inward suffering which was so little perceptible to a common observer that they escaped the notice of everyone but the grandfather and the lover . father died in your arms , happy , respected , rich , and full of years ; his	188.61419677734375
father died poor , despairing , almost doubtful of providence ; and when his son sought his grave ten years afterwards , his tomb had disappeared , and no one could say , ‘ there sleeps the father you so well loved . ’ ” his hand to the bag , took his seventy-five pistoles , and made his preparations to set out at the time appointed . niece , ” continued aramis . both fortune and <unk> . ” is a <unk> in which he who <unk> , <unk> death ! to crush him , and yet he had not done so . ? ” said the king . why i should delay you . ” said porthos . returning to paris , why this fugitive rendezvous	118.68936920166016
, why this simple exchange of a glance , why this lost kiss ? . ” to the officer commanding the carbineers , who read and returned it to him . assassin by <unk> murderer in cold blood ? strength of mind of this creature , though drawn from the most vigorous sources , abandoned her ; she sank into a large easy chair , with her arms crossed , her head lowered , and expecting every instant to see a judge enter to interrogate her . project gutenberg™ replied gaetano . remained bewildered with what he had seen , having been forbidden by d ’ artagnan to leave the room until the tumult was over . our men . ” some time with an expression which the	180.2038116455078
young man took for doubt , but which , however , was nothing but observation , or rather the wish to <unk> . dejected ; he found him as he had found him six weeks before , calm , firm , and full of that <unk> politeness , that most <unk> barrier which <unk> the well-bred from the vulgar man . with wondering eyes . to contend with an <unk> nature , concentrated and insensible by force of <unk> . say , if i were in your <unk> ” leave him , in order that he might retire to a little property he had inherited near blois ; porthos , the second , to marry an attorney ’ s wife ; and lastly , aramis , the third	152.8017578125
, to take orders and become an abbé . no , ” cried dantès . then ? ” said the voice . any longer to discover the reason . but the count was asked to go and see the baroness , and he accepted the invitation . to save the victim before we think of <unk> her , ” said d ’ avrigny . , and doubtless pitied his prospects , <unk> under the perfumed breath of a woman . gone some few steps away , again returned , and pale with joy extended both hands towards valentine through the opening . and installed himself across the doorway , while grimaud went and shut himself up in the stable , undertaking that by five o ’ clock in	111.44258880615234
the morning he and the four horses should be ready . my beautiful englishwoman , or rather <unk> i am convinced she was born in france , though i have not questioned her . ” french academy to do with all this ? ” to the crack between the boards ; i luckily found a small opening which afforded me a view of the apartment and what was passing within . i don ’ t know ; i only know that he charged himself on my account with a mission , which he terminated so entirely to my satisfaction , that had i been king , i should have instantly created him knight of all my orders , even had i been able to offer him the golden	144.03407287597656
<unk> and the garter . ” , ” replied faria , with that acuteness of hearing peculiar to prisoners . door ushered in the guests , and it was rather a relief to the indifferent to see a person as unmoved as themselves , and who did not exact a mournful face or force tears , as would have been the case with a father , a brother , or a lover . my servant , or rather him who will no longer be my servant tomorrow , it was the talk of the house . ” the work except the necessity that each was under of returning to his cell in anticipation of the turnkey ’ s visits . of twenty paces , as far as the	143.5891571044922
louvre , and if anyone watches us , slay him ! ” dark could not find the right key . , ” said the abbess ; “ today even . in these terms : ” replied caderousse ; “ say no more about it ; i will take all the consequences upon myself . ” ? ” repeated madame danglars , her staring , wide-open eyes expressing her alarm . replied his friend , “ are necessary to reach blois ; one day to rest there ; three or four days to return to paris . feared his master as he did fire , while entertaining a strong attachment to his person and a great veneration for his talents , believed he perfectly understood what he wanted ,	168.5574951171875
flew to execute the order received , and did precisely the contrary . ” suffice to apprise them ; will you go for them yourself , or shall you send ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ the park is like everything else and there are as many fish in your <unk> as rabbits in your <unk> ; you are a happy man , my friend since you have not only retained your love of the chase , but acquired that of fishing . ” the <unk> of their horses . his seat nearer to milady ’ s . ” said mazarin , with a grimace which he always made when spoken to about money . as you know . place : we have seen that it was	106.58501434326172
not of his own free will , but , on the contrary , very reluctantly , that the monk attended the wounded man who had been recommended to him in so strange a manner . he knows , who seemed to hear the voice of the abbé answering him in those very words through the wall when asked his name . more speedy , you are to be saved ; if the satellites of the cardinal , you are lost . ” the abbé ; “ noirtier ! —i knew a person of that name at the court of the queen of <unk> , —a noirtier , who had been a girondin during the revolution ! the door and knocked , murmuring , “ i will go myself	109.22010040283203
and be caught in the mousetrap , but woe be to the cats that shall pounce upon such a mouse ! ” with them . ? ” the monk exclaimed . correspondent in greece ? ” be seized with a fit of catalepsy ; when it comes to its height i shall probably lie still and motionless as though dead , uttering neither sigh nor groan . a friend ? ” she asked in a tone full of mournful dignity . you ? you thus . not exchange another word till they reached their quarters , except to give the watchword to the sentinels . beauchamp , with a look of sorrow which stupefied the young man , “ let us first sit down and talk . ”	225.13267517089844
understand , ’ said the lieutenant ; ‘ and you seek admittance into our ranks ? ’ not as yet generally known . am not prejudiced beyond the power of conviction . met with great crosses in love , and that a frightful treachery had forever poisoned the life of this gallant man . the old man . business had called him to civita vecchia . cried d ’ artagnan . and opened it hastily . a frenchman , for i speak french with the same facility and purity as yourself . said mazarin , “ that everybody <unk> before him , although he be but coadjutor , whilst i , were i in his place , though i am cardinal , should be torn to pieces .	168.20518493652344
might trace the blue veins from her temples , round her eyes and down her cheeks . open before reaching the inclosure , each by a different key . ball , as you know , since she came to say good-bye to you in full <unk> ” noirtier again closed his left eye . chair , and listening to every sound , was watching the door ; he saw valentine , and his eye brightened . . ” my thief , ” replied d ’ artagnan . convulsions of death and expired . ” , why i must decline your polite invitation , which is especially attractive to me , because nothing is so wearisome as to play night after night with the same person ; the chances	160.46011352539062
always balance and at the month ’ s end nothing is gained or lost . ” <unk> , his feather was a little faded , his gold lace was a little <unk> , his <unk> were a trifle <unk> ; but in the obscurity of the church these things were not seen , and porthos was still the handsome porthos . it was evident that he had touched the shore . my anxiety , or else frighten me at once . ” ? that , madame , ” said felton . with the <unk> consequences if she did not supply him with what he desired , and disappeared and remained away all day , leaving the <unk> assunta , who loved him as if he were her own	120.30210876464844
child , to weep over his conduct and <unk> his absence . andrea , <unk> with joy . go , sir , ” said de guiche , “ remember that we have two steeds able to catch your mule and the power of having you seized wherever you may be ; and then i swear your trial will be <unk> ; one can always find a tree and a cord . ” staircase , followed by his prisoner , who in his turn was followed by the soldier , and entered mazarin ’ s ante-room . is a great act of folly to have left such a man between corsica , where he was born , and naples , of which his brother-in-law is king , and face	105.82699584960938
to face with italy , the <unk> of which he coveted for his son . ” a drawing-room , from which we must retire politely and honestly ; that is , with a bow , and our debts of honor paid . ” so . ” me . shall we be able to distinguish friends from foes ? ” as we have loaded guns . only to hear danglars speak so calmly and politely , but because it was apparent that beneath outward politeness there really <unk> a determined spirit of opposition to anything his wife might wish to do . athos , “ i now ask you , d ’ artagnan , what side you are on ? into the <unk> st. martin with his garrison ,	173.65699768066406
and threw a hundred men into a little fort called the fort of la <unk> . , he was in such a state of despair , that it was evident all the faculties of his mind , absorbed in the thought which occupied him at the moment , did not allow either his memory or his imagination to stray to the past . had descended from the sky and mingled in a wild dance on the face of the earth ; the whole accompanied by cries that were never heard in any other part of the world . the remainder of the bouquets into the carriage . again , ” replied faria . inhabitant of france , you are naturally <unk> to the french law . ” ,	106.4260025024414
” he said , thrusting his hand through the opening , “ where are we going ? ” , closed in , and waited , occupying the middle of the road . , young man , that you are <unk> . morrel , falling from the height of excitement to the abyss of <unk> “ ah , you are playing with me , like those good , or rather selfish <unk> who soothe their children with <unk> words , because their screams annoy them . ” said d ’ artagnan . , dear friend , i swear ; and as a proof of what i say , permit me to declare i am rejoiced to see you safe and sound . ” quite the <unk> of the ladies	96.69049072265625
, monsieur porthos ! ” resumed the procurator ’ s wife , with a sigh . pressure of the arm of the procurator ’ s wife , as a bark <unk> to the <unk> , arrived at the cloister st. <unk> <unk> passage , enclosed with a <unk> at each end . ! ” said porthos . breakfast , then ? ” said the count . the queen ’ s papers . ” doesn ’ t suit me at all , ” said porthos , “ and that i feel a strong <unk> to follow aramis ’ s advice . ” dear m. danglars , ” said monte cristo ; “ i see i was deceived , and that you belong to the class of second-rate fortunes .	45.03065490722656
” number , ’ ” continued the abbé , without seeming to notice the emotion of caderousse , “ ‘ is called danglars ; and the third , in spite of being my rival , entertained a very sincere affection for me . ’ ” soldier like you , and ordered to carry a certain <unk> , and you knew i must be killed in the assault , would you not say to me , as you said just now , ‘ go , father ; for you are dishonored by delay , and death is <unk> to shame ! ’ ” ” asked the president . three paces , and beheld his child <unk> doubt <unk> the sofa . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “	92.46363067626953
with a thousand livres <unk> do not speak as a spartan , but as a <unk> ” one within his reach ; his two companions did the same thing . day had been long and wearing ; it was a cold day , the <unk> of october , there was no inn or chateau in the village and the <unk> of the peasants were poor and <unk> . the count , and say that , although in haste to attend the chamber , my master came out of his way to have the honor of calling upon him . ” caderousse , “ we shall <unk> ” he then took the greatcoat with the large collar , which the groom had left behind in the tilbury , and	98.96824645996094
put it on his back ; then he took off cavalcanti ’ s hat , which he placed upon his own head , and finally he assumed the careless attitude of a servant whose master <unk> himself . ” he observed , “ i see that in spite of the reputation which you have acquired as a superior man , you look at everything from the material and vulgar view of society , beginning with man , and ending with <unk> is to say , in the most <unk> , most narrow view which it is possible for human understanding to embrace . ” i left my chateau du vallon near corbeil , and came to my estate , bracieux . dash past here , drawn by the	159.44068908691406
pair of dappled gray horses you saw me with yesterday ; now , at the risk of your own life , you must manage to stop those horses before my door . ” themselves as they had agreed , porthos being completely hidden in an angle of the window . me his name ? ” aramis , “ listen to this . ” the governor , “ i believe it will be requisite , notwithstanding your certainty , and not that i doubt your science , but in discharge of my official duty , that we should be perfectly assured that the prisoner is dead . ” and returned in five minutes with a phial . , monsieur , and here is my sword . ” hope you	95.83013916015625
will not be so destructive . ” m. de boville ; “ i myself had occasion to see this man in <unk> or <unk> , and we could only go into his dungeon with a file of soldiers . it was the medium through which his thanks were conveyed . it is true , ” murmured d ’ avrigny . count , husbands are pretty much the same everywhere ; an individual husband of any country is a pretty fair specimen of the whole race . ” morrel , who remained motionless as a statue . <unk> ” arose and said very gravely : , ” said d ’ artagnan to mazarin , who sprang into the carriage without waiting for a second bidding . by you ,	104.59202575683594
i would tempt fortune ; you would bring me good luck , and i should become rich . at everything , and political men have made you <unk> everything . ” cried morrel , almost overpowered ; “ leave me , i pray you ; we shall meet again in a <unk> time . place in less than three months , ” said villefort . doubt what you say , monsieur athos , i do not doubt it for a single instant ; but , ” added he , “ to change the conversation , was this lady alone ? ” ! , i can ’ t travel on my pay , for it is now three months behind ; and i can ’ t travel on my	78.26609802246094
<unk> , for in my twenty-two years of service i have accumulated nothing but debts . ” instant an inclination to be reconducted to the cardinal , and relate everything to him ; but a revelation on her part would bring about a revelation on the part of athos . , ” replied monte cristo ; “ as that poor edmond will not have long to be loved by you . never assent to the treaty and that she wished eternal war . officer felt the point of the poniard , which , having penetrated through his clothes , was close to his heart . was a conspiracy to rescue the king . ” utter impossibility of escaping through your dungeon ? ” t you intend to bring	136.00979614257812
me another plate ? ” said dantès . ” monte cristo , slightly shrugging his shoulders ; “ otherwise i would not fight with m. de morcerf . . and honor by struggling with adversity , which he will convert into prosperity . me , d ’ artagnan ; you are gentleman enough not to listen <unk> ” and the cardinal pointed with his finger to a chair for the young man , who was so astonished at what was passing that he awaited a second sign from his interlocutor before he obeyed . ’ s chamber and went to that of porthos . with you , then ? , and the recollection of what they had seen half an hour before was gradually effaced from the young	90.92391967773438
men ’ s minds , so much were they occupied by the gay and glittering procession they now beheld . the glittering <unk> and carbines of four gendarmes . decline , but they could find no good reason for refusing an offer which was so agreeable to them . , and called her so . my friends , please to observe , not myself , ” said athos , interrupting himself with a melancholy smile , “ one of the counts of my <unk> is to say , of <unk> as a <unk> or a montmorency , at twenty-five years of age fell in love with a girl of sixteen , beautiful as fancy can <unk> . first knocking . child of seven may some day make him	187.468994140625
very unhappy . ; under your <unk> i will receive any person you please , but you must not expect me to be too confiding . the person to whom the house in the allées de meilhan belonged , dantès next proceeded thither , and , under the name of lord wilmore ( the name and title inscribed on his passport ) , purchased the small dwelling for the sum of twenty-five thousand francs , at least ten thousand more than it was worth ; but had its owner asked half a million , it would unhesitatingly have been given . the water <unk> over his burning brow and over his body , agitated by feverish <unk> . of me to take the tyrant , and now the	203.8640594482422
tyrant is taken . without seeing a human face , and had been left to <unk> myself in the company of bottles . ” a servant , opening the door , “ a man in the dress of a penitent wishes to speak to you . ” , and took the places of grimaud and mousqueton . pleasure that things should be so . ” me clouds which pressed my brow , which veiled my eyes ; this was delirium . any one . the house of a doctor of theology , whom i sometimes consult about my studies . ” has not a lady with him . ” the gardener , glancing at the <unk> , “ the ten minutes are almost up ; i must return	92.50125122070312
to my post . she leaned upon the elbow of the arm that held the <unk> , and extending to him her other hand , said , with a smile of <unk> sweetness , in the sonorous language spoken by the women of <unk> and <unk> : , did you not ? ” pause and continued , “ i have a wife who is seamstress to the queen , monsieur , and who is not deficient in either virtue or beauty . my lord . <unk> guard , ” said he to porthos , “ and find good quarters at saint germain ; nobody will think of us , and for my part i am greatly fatigued . ” as a lackey out of a place , who	113.8421401977539
was in search of a situation . know what he is ; he has three unlimited <unk> on me , one on rothschild , one on <unk> ; and , you see , ” he added carelessly , “ he has given me the preference , by leaving a balance of 100,000 francs . ” ? ” he was leaving him , raised himself on his elbow , and with a dying voice cried with great effort : but you will leave the city on your right . <unk> possessions to be a count . ” ” said the young man , “ am a <unk> least , my masters used to tell me so ; but it is strange that my voice never would suit any other	100.15882110595703
, and a <unk> less than any . ” , from the fund deposited by me , the sum of a million , and charge the same to my account . groslow is not a captain of the ordinary kind ; he has a lieutenant , and that lieutenant is monsieur mordaunt . ” ? ” she <unk> the door after him , ” he muttered . , <unk> ” , ” replied danglars quickly ; “ she is at the piano with m. cavalcanti . ” at work in his library , but he expects you , sir , ” replied the valet . compliments of those who were present in his own way , and whilst the conversation became general he looked earnestly at athos .	82.25434875488281
<unk> . by heaven ! or not , my opinion is still the same , ” returned albert . ” replied the minister ; “ but he is advancing by <unk> and <unk> . ” fear the scaffold , madame , ” said the magistrate ; “ i will not dishonor you , since that would be dishonor to myself ; no , if you have heard me distinctly , you will understand that you are not to die on the scaffold . ” think they can be in need of any . i esteem them , but will not have them . ” with a cunning rather than serious glance , yet he examined his countenance with attention and after a momentary silence said : it is	76.7558822631836
but too true ! ” louis made a gesture of indescribable anger and alarm , and then drew himself up as if this sudden blow had struck him at the same moment in heart and countenance . ear caught a sort of indistinct sound on the stairs , followed by the measured tread of <unk> , with the <unk> of swords and military <unk> ; then came a hum and buzz as of many voices , so as to <unk> even the noisy mirth of the <unk> party , among whom a vague feeling of curiosity and apprehension <unk> every disposition to talk , and almost instantaneously the most deathlike stillness prevailed . soul , my dear fellow , it strikes me that our elegant and attentive neighbor	266.3031311035156
must either be some successful <unk> who has <unk> in the fall of the spanish funds , or some prince travelling <unk> . ” will be in about an hour , you must offer him to me as a servant , and upon your recommendation , though he doesn ’ t speak a word of french , i take him into my service . hear me tell you , monsieur d ’ artagnan , that i don ’ t know where he is ? ” said d ’ artagnan , becoming angry again . fellow , you know , as well as i do , there are no men , but <unk> feelings , but interests ; in politics we do not kill a man , we only	71.76004028320312
remove an obstacle , that is all . spanish war , at <unk> , where fernand had left her ; she was attending to the education of her son . ” knows the contents of this ! ” murmured he , “ and that noirtier is the father of villefort , i am lost ! ” and he fixed his eyes upon edmond as if he would have penetrated his thoughts . in seeking to avenge his father was so natural that château-renaud did not seek to <unk> him , and was content with renewing his <unk> of devotion . his handkerchief to the window bars , or refuse food and die of starvation . the honor to grant me that favor . ” me . ” orders	108.67903137207031
i received to conduct you safe and sound to his highness the prince ! well remembered that albert particularly <unk> himself on the entire absence of color in his own complexion . replied the cardinal . <unk> by french <unk> to the <unk> authorities ? ” have those letters ! ” was also executed ; and the vessel passed , as dantès had predicted , twenty fathoms to <unk> . ” i merely suppose so , as i might suppose anything else , ” replied villefort with a look so fixed , it indicated that his powerful mind was on the verge of despair and madness . , never to let them put a crown upon your head unless you have a legal right to the crown .	172.02737426757812
and the cardinal with vexation ; although , distant as they were from the queen , they could not count the studs . ? abundance , and would not let them partake of it ; they adopted as a <unk> they , too , had <unk> it was of very little consequence that women , children , and old men should die , so long as the men who were to defend the walls remained strong and <unk> . ; that i alone ... resumed buckingham , looking earnestly at the young man , “ how shall i ever <unk> myself of the debt i owe you ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ not in the least . ” . me , gentlemen ! ” exclaimed mazarin	101.4380874633789
. your eminence so well , why are they , my lord cardinal , in prison ? ” dine by his holiness me , and try to recall every circumstance attending your arrest . the swiss in spite of lamentations on the part of the hostess , who in reality found her heart inclining toward her former lover , though she would not have been sorry to give a lesson to that haughty musketeer who had <unk> her by the refusal of her hand . had his eyes fixed upon this man , became very pale , and let his glass fall . during one continued buzz of <unk> deep <unk> that some great and universally interesting event had occurred ; all eyes , all thoughts , were	178.25704956054688
occupied with the young and beautiful woman , whose <unk> <unk> and splendid jewels made a most extraordinary spectacle . has found for <unk> ” and thanking the captain , he regained the state cabin , where his friends were . did he ask you , ‘ who is m. albert de morcerf ? monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” she said , smiling graciously ; “ i thank you for having insisted on seeing me . ” , the women ! ” cried the old soldier . to the tomb , the phantom to retire in darkness . ” was at hand . must be young ; perhaps she is pretty . , impatient , as has been said , had come by forced <unk> , and	100.22341918945312
had that moment arrived with all his household and a reinforcement of ten thousand troops . but philosophy at half-past ten at night is somewhat late ; yet i have no other observation to make , for what you say is correct , which is more than can be said for all philosophy . ” brought back the set of ornaments to the great queen , who was able to wear them on her shoulder on the appointed day ; and this very nearly ruined the minister . three months <unk> agent of thomson & <unk> , announce his arrival to me . ” put on the dress and mount the king ’ s horse . the end of a month , when drinking water from the same	177.639404296875
<unk> , you would kill the person who drank with you , without your perceiving , otherwise than from slight inconvenience , that there was any <unk> substance mingled with this water . ” wholly past recall ? real facts . perform your charge , monsieur ? ” continued the king , without directly replying to de tréville ’ s question . wish ? milady , who examined the temper of it attentively , and who tried the point on the tip of her finger . tréville had served him so faithfully in his wars against the league that in default of <unk> thing to which the béarnais was accustomed all his life , and who constantly paid his debts with that of which he never stood in	215.77734375
need of <unk> , that is to say , with ready <unk> default of money , we repeat , he authorized him , after the <unk> of paris , to assume for his arms a golden lion <unk> upon <unk> , with the motto <unk> et <unk> . , moreover , made me his heir , <unk> to me this <unk> breviary , he bequeathed to me all it contained ; no , no , make your mind satisfied on that point . danglars , but had kept away from some instinctive motive , and had delayed as long as possible availing himself of this last resource . constantinople . ” went out , telling his host that he was going to pass the night at the duke	158.24374389648438
of bracciano ’ s . silent , scarcely visible , and like a shadow , was a sentinel , who was walking up and down before a grotto , which was only <unk> because in that spot the darkness seemed more dense than elsewhere . steps when his ears began to <unk> , a faintness seized him , a cloud of blood passed over his eyes , and he fell in the middle of the street , crying still , “ coward ! our minister of justice ; he will feel obliged to make some little speech to the cousin , ” and the three young men drew near to listen . , ” was his comment . us ? happen , you may be sure , ”	115.46183013916016
said d ’ artagnan . than that , ” said albert ; “ my mother is wishing to go to the <unk> day is fixed for your dinner ? ” , and i the only one to do <unk> was i able to save my son alone ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . down there , talking politics with that little group of great <unk> . ” , a living <unk> , ” replied monte cristo , motionless , but with a threatening look ; “ we have both blood in our veins which we wish to <unk> is our mutual <unk> . replied the jeweller , ‘ if by the time i have finished my supper the tempest has at all abated , i shall make	73.15508270263672
another start . ’ , but a gush of blood stifled him . written , if disguised . ” say nothing , ” returned d ’ artagnan , who knew the vanity of the new baron . against the imprudent man , who thought by his strength alone to stay the tempest , and he fell against the wall . , but no one <unk> . ” de villefort be for all your goodness ; how <unk> will he acknowledge that to you alone he owes the existence of his wife and child ! scraps of paper that i now hold as bonds , with your signature alone , and here is a receipt in full for the six millions between us . you know about the catalane	154.58938598632812
. ” . ” moment , and plunged the knife into his side up to the handle . ” <unk> d ’ artagnan , timidly , “ i did not see the handkerchief fall from the pocket of monsieur aramis . again , and both go under at once . . . ” , inquired if the cardinal was still at the louvre ; he was told that his eminence awaited the orders of his majesty in the business cabinet . corner , saw them vanish from the first until the last but one . ” cried planchet , “ so you are back again in paris . i will wait to pay you my next visit till you are in a better humor . ’ d ’	75.85810852050781
artagnan , “ or you are dead ! ” ” cried caderousse . have the honor of telling it to your excellency . ” from my friend the comte de rochefort . ” porthos “ without supper ? amorous projects for the mercer ’ s wife , he did not forget his friends . . that they have sent for you , both for the same thing ? ” , ” said monte cristo . ” there to pronounce the sentence of death against a murderer . ” replied andrea , whose hunger prevailed over every other feeling . ” he thought to himself , “ how can i take care of both ? ? ” wishing to learn whither he has <unk> himself , i should shun	67.38114929199219
the possibility of meeting him as i would a wild beast . with full success have been long meditated upon , and carefully arranged ; such , for instance , as the escape of the duc de beaufort from the château de vincennes , that of the abbé <unk> from for l ’ evêque ; of <unk> from the bastille . only hope . morning , and bade her adieu . ” for your majesty ; you are only the victim of perfidious <unk> . ” the brightest ornament , ” said beauchamp , drinking off a glass of champagne . like . ” find the place of honor taken . ” any want , thank god , my living is suited to my means . certainly ,	158.94271850585938
” said the count ; “ uniform , cross , <unk> . ” the world , for you know that i forced myself when i became a musketeer . ” ! ” don ’ t speak like that of monsieur groslow . in politics ? ” , monsieur de tréville , i am vexed with you ! ” delight in <unk> , be enraptured with <unk> , and yet grow tired of them all ; but we always come back to <unk> is not only a game , it is a <unk> ’ <unk> ! you had loved this young dantès , ” observed the abbé , without taking any notice of his companion ’ s vehemence . far behind the two friends that he disappeared , completely	86.32826232910156
hidden between them . ; sign the <unk> of milady de winter , ” said felton , holding out a paper to the duke . the count , smiling with his own peculiar smile , “ not so bad for a man who is to be shot at seven o ’ clock tomorrow morning . ” please , viscount . ” letters to enter people ’ s houses in this manner . said , “ nothing , almost <unk> , nothing more ; two in the arm and one in the breast . a double door , on the threshold of which they found athos ready to receive his illustrious guests according to the notice comminges had given him . ” monte cristo , remembering the abbé ’	82.0002670288086
s two <unk> . milady , listening in her turn to the noise of felton ’ s steps , which withdrew in a direction opposite to those of lord de winter ; “ at length you are mine ! ” that had awakened me had succeeded the most perfect <unk> , save by the footsteps of a man walking about in the chamber above . <unk> that prince de condé had <unk> bethune and fallen back on <unk> , leaving , however , a strong garrison in the former city . for example , ” said richelieu : “ when , in <unk> , for a cause similar to that which <unk> the duke , king henry iv. , of glorious memory , was about , at the	122.94915771484375
same time , to <unk> flanders and italy , in order to attack austria on both sides . to defend him ? ” will not put his maxim into execution , now that he has got hold of the king ? ” known , so that—— ” , looked around him , and perceived caderousse sitting at table with danglars , under an arbor . ! ” said the old father of the bridegroom , as he carried to his lips a glass of wine of the hue and brightness of the <unk> , and which had just been placed before mercédès herself . with earth , when the arm of the corsican was stretched towards me ; i saw a shadow rise , and , at the	116.27821350097656
same time , a flash of light . almost work a miracle ? surrounded by his friends he retained his youth and the poetry of his character . town with her brother , who was a curate . me a report of all that has happened ? ” , and a letter from the king , our husband and master . ” of the crime with which you are charged ? ” had been aware of the <unk> weakness of the friends , the rochellais continued to advance in quick time . her , took her hand , and said to her in romaic : on . doubt my <unk> ” garden plucking the dead roses ; my brother is reading his two papers , _la <unk> and	116.02754211425781
<unk> <unk> , within six steps of her ; for wherever you see madame herbault , you have only to look within a circle of four yards and you will find m. emmanuel , and ‘ <unk> , ’ as they say at the <unk> school . ” ? ” asked milady . came in his turn <unk> , captain of the guards , bringing with him fifty archers , who were distributed immediately through the hôtel de ville , at the doors assigned them . , and scarcely entering into the world , you have powerful enemies ; if you do not take great heed , they will destroy you . ” we have already made acquaintance , and who answered to the last of these three	126.885498046875
names , immediately quitted the group of which they had formed a part , and advanced toward the cabinet , the door of which closed after them as soon as they had entered . , ” asked caderousse , with eager , glowing looks , “ that it was a stone of immense value ? ” animation with the stranger . by <unk> large one , made of red silk . ” , <unk> such an event , had kept his eye on him , sprang toward him , caught him in his arms , and assisted him to his chamber . sword , had all the appearance of a soldier ; and his <unk> boots , still slightly covered with dust , indicated that he had been	108.91699981689453
on horseback in the course of the day . i did not leave him ? ” ” said planchet , who had observed his master grow red and pale successively , “ did i not guess truly ? ” said albert , “ i deserve no credit for what i could not help , namely , a determination to take everything as i found it , and to let those bandits see , that although men get into troublesome <unk> all over the world , there is no nation but the french that can smile even in the face of <unk> death himself . her oratory , furious . charles , “ he who <unk> down there—— ” it because you were four times guilty ? . ”	158.04368591308594
at twenty , with a hundred louis pay , and a share in the profits ! least , few that i have not seen , ” said the count coldly . a cry of joy on seeing so handsome a young cavalier , so far surpassing all that her maternal pride had been able to conceive . name , ” said the lieutenant , “ and had one day triumphal honors paid to it . ” from surgères to <unk> ; and there the king and his minister took leave of each other with great demonstrations of friendship . street the man had indicated with his finger ; but arriving at four <unk> , he stopped again , visibly embarrassed . have all been blown up . ”	171.73715209960938
a pocketbook from his pocket , and took from it a paper folded in four , and after having examined it in a manner almost <unk> , he said : the part of monte cristo , whose lips turned pale , but who preserved his <unk> smile , andrea seized the count ’ s hand , pressed it , jumped into his phaeton , and disappeared . soon be called so generally . ” yes ! ” continued the old man . he cried , with his gascon accent . heaven and would have embraced d ’ artagnan had he dared ; meanwhile he resolved to sacrifice his life for him on the next occasion that presented itself . ! you going ? ” of woman is born	105.3134765625
to suffer and to die ; i am content to suffer and to await death . ” fight me first , but you do not consult me who am most concerned in the matter . albert be not so rich as mademoiselle danglars , ” said the count , “ you must allow that he has a fine name ? ” today , and for the remainder of the carnival , i leave the carriage entirely at your disposal . , count , for not having forgotten your promise . ” rich ( for my father ’ s income amounts to half a million ) , has experienced many misfortunes , and i myself was , at the age of five years , taken away by the treachery	136.64627075195312
of my tutor , so that for fifteen years i have not seen the author of my existence . gone he sat down in the arm-chair opposite the president and struck his boots with a little cane which he carried in his hand . though honor is a fine thing , they are tired of fighting for it , and to-night they have sold you for two hundred thousand <unk> is to say , for half what is owing them . ” of the gate of saint honore they met a third troop ; this latter party was composed of ill-looking fellows , who resembled bandits more than anything else ; they were the men of the beggar of saint eustache . you know of him ? ”	159.0699462890625
asked mazarin . cried d ’ artagnan , becoming more pale than the white veil of his mistress . ran up the two <unk> to athos ’ s apartment , and knocked at the door enough to break it down . been two or three days in paris , but he already knows what a fashionable woman of the <unk> is , and if he does not , you will show him . ” they would attack , and they must reach it by the back staircase , or by the window in the dressing-room . post of the red cross was sent for , and by successive inquiries they learned that athos was then lodged in fort l ’ evêque . that the bandits of corsica are	110.11199951171875
not <unk> or thieves , but purely and simply fugitives , driven by some sinister motive from their native town or village , and that their fellowship <unk> no disgrace or <unk> ; for my own part , i protest that , should i ever go to corsica , my first visit , ere even i presented myself to the mayor or prefect , should be to the bandits of <unk> , if i could only manage to find them ; for , on my conscience , they are a race of men i admire greatly . ” <unk> king charles from the territory of france and in <unk> from helping him—a stranger to your <unk> arms , with money or with troops . have you slept well	264.8544006347656
? ” and her tears only <unk> her ; the lady appears to be about forty years of age , the girl about fourteen . count had just given , for immediately ali went noiselessly , and returned , bearing a black dress and a <unk> hat . , my god ! ” cried anne of austria , “ this is more than i can bear . fear , flew towards the house . ” returned monte cristo ; “ i make no secret of it . , ” said the sergeant . ” said the baroness , “ if slave she be , she has all the air and manner of a princess . ” he added , laughing , “ if they want to see their	82.78282928466797
stuart they shall see him . ” said the young man , laughing , “ she thinks i am worth something . said d ’ artagnan in a whisper to porthos ; “ well answered . ” ) d ’ artagnan , in a loud voice . paced his room with a smile it would have been terrible to witness . grant me that it is acting with an ill grace to offer to the lord only that with which we are perfectly disgusted ! a quarrel with a man is a bad method of pleasing the woman who loves that man . was a clerk , morcerf was a mere fisherman . ” the two friends rode on . just what <unk> me , ” said monte	89.77095794677734
cristo . ” it in remembrance of your eminence . ” to nine , ” said he . , and i had resigned myself to what seemed my <unk> fate . the old man . ” a warm one , ” said planchet , in a warlike tone . <unk> <unk> do not <unk> it appears that this recollection is connected with a lovely sky and some religious _fête_ ; mademoiselle was holding flowers in her hand , the interesting boy was chasing a beautiful peacock in a garden , and you , madame , were under the <unk> of some arbor . , and it is absolutely necessary to procure them . ” horse on and pursued his road , followed by planchet at the same pace	114.54969787597656
. to be reduced to dust and ashes like babylon , of which you have no doubt heard tell . ” ” said he , “ and from this letter , which might have ruined me , i will make my fortune . father ; my resolution is irrevocable . ” observed comminges at the end of the rue cocatrix when he said one word to the coachman , who at once put his vehicle into motion and drove up before broussel ’ s door . <unk> at the height of one foot . irresistible attraction , like that of the bird to the serpent , walked towards the house . , the blood must be heated to thirty-six degrees , the pulse be , at least ,	131.2079315185547
at ninety , and the feelings excited beyond the ordinary limit . said the president ; “ will you answer that question ? ” aside from buckingham , whom she hates as she hates everyone she has loved , the tempest with which richelieu threatened him in the person of the queen . impossible to doubt it , ” cried he , suddenly . send you your clothes by the boy . the same object , but suddenly his glance was <unk> from the wife to the husband , and villefort himself had to submit to the searching investigation of eyes , which , while changing their direction and even their language , had lost none of their menacing expression . for tonight , ” said he .	165.07675170898438
the commissary , disappeared by the inside staircase , accompanied by the noise which his assertions respecting andrea had excited in the crowd . sir , ” said mousqueton . instead of serving her . ” escaped from behind the cloud which had concealed it , and morrel saw villefort come out upon the steps , followed by a gentleman in black . , ” said she ; “ i am not strong enough ; do you shut it . ” monk became so livid and his smile so strange , that raoul , whose eyes were still fixed upon him , felt as if this smile had struck to his heart like an insult . everything on myself . beautiful , so large , that i believe	117.66480255126953
a man of your size should pass through each frame . ” should i prefer it , after the effects i have seen produced ; but of course it is a secret , and i am not so indiscreet as to ask it of you . ” dismissed the boy and horse , knocked at the door of the hotel , which was opened , and again closed after his entrance . expect to be happy ? ” to require the doctor she had recommended to her aged relative . reply to you , madame , that it was precisely because i was not , that i had cured my <unk> ; for myself , i am content to say to you that i have studied chemistry and	102.7884292602539
the natural sciences somewhat deeply , but still only as an amateur , you understand . ” stopped at the beginning , and was he to wait inactive until his fellow workman had completed his task ? ” replied mousqueton , his eyes filling with tears , “ why did you re-enter the army ? us all on account of this marriage , are you not ? ” poor grandmother fancies that her husband , whom she never left , has called her , and that she must go and join him . but tell me , my dear lucien , what it is that constitutes a princess . , one precaution of considerable importance . ” man before ? ” in the room that albert did not	159.34164428710938
perceive the pallor that spread itself over the count ’ s visage , or the nervous heaving of his chest and shoulders . porthos , “ but there are the equipments . ” him at marseilles , and m. danglars <unk> having seen him . accompanied this , the englishman understood that it might have been added by some inspector who had taken a momentary interest in dantès ’ situation , but who had , from the remarks we have <unk> , found it impossible to give any effect to the interest he had felt . the case , and the governor left him , convinced that the poor madman , for whom in his heart he felt a kind of affection , was only troubled with a	137.9224395751953
slight <unk> . do so , ” replied albert . , ” said the duke , “ you are the only man to turn such <unk> compliments . ” , _the <unk> . came in to consult his master upon the proceedings of the next day and also with regard to the shooting party which had been proposed . with it , will you not ? ” ever . , or were , beautiful . , then porthos . good luck , that is all . aramis placed his hand upon the arm of d ’ artagnan , and looking at him earnestly , “ you have not spoken of this lady ? ” said he . elba , where he quitted it , and passed a whole	78.33588409423828
day in the island . clothed from head to foot in robes of gray <unk> , with holes for the eyes , and holding in their hands lighted <unk> , appeared first ; the chief marched at the head . ; it is enough . ” that he came for quite another purpose , monsieur cardinal ; but if the queen be guilty , let her tremble ! ” too late , ” cried bertuccio , eagerly ; “ and if your excellency will intrust me with the commission , i will find you a better at enghien , at <unk> , or at <unk> . ” ” he heard these words ; i think he did not , for he fell without a cry . ” said	108.83595275878906
d ’ artagnan , not in the slightest degree embarrassed in the role he was playing . don ’ t say nay to it . of the fact that the count had removed the <unk> , might now think himself at home , and pursue his purpose with full security . still a full bottle before them , ” added danglars . bonacieux , “ this is not monsieur d ’ artagnan whom you show me . ” ? ” , ” repeated peppino . force . she cried , “ never ! ” you know . , then ! ’ replied i , allowing myself to fall , and biting the carpet with rage . ” cavalier shut up with her , ” said athos , “	76.2048110961914
but as notwithstanding the noise , this cavalier did not show himself , it is to be <unk> that he is a coward . ” rueil . an executioner would have wished to fill that horrible office ? ” blows given and received , sufficed for the first <unk> of conversation , which turned upon the silent struggles sustained against him who was now called the great cardinal . <unk> thousand livres , ” said athos . host , tell me if anything has happened to him ? ” on very regularly , and we make out our bills every week , at the end of eight days we presented our account ; but it appeared we had chosen an unlucky moment , for at the first word	163.85507202148438
on the subject , he sent us to all the devils . you please , let us not <unk> , aramis . my caprices , my wants . wife , more affectionate to his daughter , than he had ever been . the other end of the cavern , and sat down by selim . let us go to him . then his age , he passed , with just title , for the handsomest gentleman and the most elegant cavalier of france or england . , sir ? ” ” said she . artagnan took his way toward the rue tiquetonne , where he lived at the hotel de la chevrette . , unhappy man ; you know it must not ! ” cried the young girl	80.56968688964844
. , and not the prefect , who returned to the house of m. de villefort . said , “ i can tell you what is at present unknown to her majesty . been accustomed to do , they had recourse to m. de tréville , who made some advances on their pay ; but these advances could not go far with three musketeers who were already much in <unk> and a guardsman who as yet had no pay at all . his age , and <unk> pale . from this moment , and does not belong to you . ” ( mazarin made a slight movement ) , “ one must foresee everything ; in the case of a check , he desires to retire into france	103.05339050292969
and to live here as a private individual . battles , and in these battles the king was not always the stronger . to prove it , ” cried tréville , with his gascon freedom and military frankness ; “ for one hour before , monsieur athos , who , i will confide it to your majesty , is really a man of the highest quality , did me the honor after having dined with me to be conversing in the saloon of my hôtel , with the duc de la trémouille and the comte de <unk> , who happened to be there . ” spoken of a marriage between myself and <unk> . . not like d ’ artagnan ’ s with a young and impatient love	112.94910430908203
. , athos ? ” not dissemble that the <unk> of the tall trees and the reflection of the moon in the dark <unk> gave him serious uneasiness . at a gate of the palace with three musketeers behind him ; if we see a close carriage , at all suspicious in appearance , come out , let us fall upon it . ” said he : “ i <unk> burn ! ” monte cristo gave him a glass of water . ? ” room of the parpaillot . the count , with an imperceptible smile of contempt , for he had no wish to be seen in the young man ’ s society , — “ no ; i prefer listening to you here , my dear	87.40711975097656
m. andrea ; we can chat better <unk> , and there is no coachman to overhear our conversation . ” d ’ artagnan , “ your eminence must expect the consequences of a refusal . ” <unk> eye said , “ which ? ” had begun the siege , he left to the cardinal the task of finishing it . was chosen to examine the proofs brought forward by morcerf . , and before everything else , sir , is the news as bad in your opinion as i am asked to believe ? ” artagnan had made three terrible thrusts at mordaunt , all of which touched , but only pricked him . go ! ” answered mordaunt ; “ but traitors to england are no longer	134.4864501953125
members of my family . ” ; monsieur d ’ artagnan belongs to the service ; monsieur d ’ artagnan makes it his business to defend the cardinal , who pays him , as much as we make it ours , we citizens , to attack him , whom he <unk> . ” just spoken , the hope you have almost given me , will have richly paid <unk> it my life . ” days ago the impertinent <unk> gave me his bill , and i was forced to turn both him and his bill out of the door ; so that i am here something in the fashion of a conqueror , holding my position , as it were , my conquest . own wish and the	103.71610260009766
will of heaven ! ” . , ” said d ’ artagnan to himself . , a <unk> coward . ” ” replied d ’ artagnan . the handkerchief tied at each corner , whilst d ’ artagnan , ever cautious , remained on horseback , one hand upon his pistol , leaning forward <unk> . ” and vampa seventeen . in a tone so imperative that the marechal made no reply ; he bowed and went out . arrived last night in a post-chaise with his sister , and who asked for an apartment with two beds . ” the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate . monte cristo ; “ my dear viscount , how have you discovered that i did not like	86.98082733154297
m. franz ! duke . the count , and left the house . reverence . five as a supernumerary make fifteen . ” asked mordaunt . traversed the gloomy passage leading to the cavern . ; that is exactly my loss . ” police agents and gendarmes , in the midst of whom , carefully watched , but calm and smiling , stood the prisoner . ” answered villefort , “ the strong arm of the law is not called upon to interfere until the evil has taken place . ” the scriptures , i ask you , that the english are your neighbors ? ” advanced towards me , but as he drew near i saw that he had a weapon in his hand . i to	134.72457885742188
fear from him ? ” , lieutenant , ” said the soldier . hopes . lackey ? ” resumed the procurator ’ s wife , hesitatingly ; “ but that is doing things in <unk> style , my friend . ” frightful . ” will remember , to be here on the fifth . ” how to <unk> , should he fail us . ” yes ! ” exclaimed dantès ; “ and i tell you that i will save you yet . ” , sire ; they slumber sometimes , but only revive the stronger before they sleep entirely . ’ ” m. de tréville , calmly , “ on the contrary , i come to demand it of you . ” say that i am tired	68.38731384277344
of a shepherd ’ s life , ’ was vampa ’ s reply . passed perhaps ten times through chantilly , and out of the ten times i have stopped three or four times at your house at least . to our advantage . ” castle they learned that buckingham and the king were <unk> in the marshes two or three leagues away . franz , totally <unk> her raillery , “ i asked you a short time since if you knew any particulars respecting the albanian lady opposite ; i must now beseech you to inform me who and what is her husband ? ” in this convent , my dear fellow . , ” returned caderousse . of prisons ? ” in the world , monsieur	123.45938873291016
( the king ’ s secretary ) le <unk> , who came to paris with twenty francs in his pocket and who now possesses ten millions ? ” ? an agreeable surprise ; but , strange to say , this portrait seemed to displease my father , and the value of the picture , which is , as you see , one of the best works of léopold robert , could not overcome his dislike to it . three former tenants of that house left it . these <unk> details that <unk> reigned in the <unk> . you , for by such conduct you have lost my esteem and my patronage . athos by seeing the sword of cahusac fly twenty paces from him . <unk> , united	161.19378662109375
, made lieutenant-general , the count of morcerf , peer of france ? ” question about a grant to a railway . army had attempted a sortie , more to assure itself and others of its actual existence than with any more serious intention . that his head was just above the round of the barrel , and under the large hat he recognized the pale face of mordaunt . bring him to me to-morrow morning at ten o ’ clock , on the pont du louvre ? ” mask , it is not difficult to wear a beard under it . ” could have any suspicion . out teresa , who was hanging on luigi ’ s arm in a group of peasants . ensued and then	181.751708984375
, in a full , sonorous voice , the king exclaimed : “ remember ! ” , porthos , who had never doubted his friend ’ s assurance , turned back with him toward the castle . , ” said morrel ; “ did you not yourself tell me so as we left paris ? ” , and called barrois . , ” he said aloud , “ may we , that is , my friend and i , depend on having , he his barony , and i my promotion ? ” jussac , advancing toward them and making a sign to his men to do so likewise , “ halloo , musketeers ? and uneasy , awaited the return of debray in the little green room	116.33900451660156
, seated between two baskets of flowers , which she had that morning sent , and which , it must be confessed , debray had himself arranged and watered with so much care that his absence was half excused in the eyes of the poor woman . ” exclaimed dantès . june . ” on the morrow a serious misfortune happened to <unk> disappeared . fireplace and lit the fire , and although she had just left her bed , she could not resist the temptation offered by valentine ’ s sleep , so she threw herself into an armchair to snatch a little more rest . curiosity as to who that unknown executioner could be who presented himself so <unk> to assure to the people the promised	201.34451293945312
spectacle , when the people believed it had been postponed until the following day . their place ! ” <unk> , ” said he ; “ there is a very pretty girl waiting for you upstairs ; and you know women don ’ t like to be kept waiting . ” window . done i will knock on one of the panes of glass . <unk> as a wife , an unnatural sister , <unk> , poisoner , execrated by all who knew her , by every nation that had been visited by her , she died accursed by heaven and earth . ” more i beg pardon ; perhaps you are an officer that i am <unk> here. ” and he glanced timidly at the count ’	140.36656188964844
s blue coat . ” has commissioned me to assure you that two or three days ’ rest , with plenty of <unk> for their sole food during that time , will bring them back to as fine , that is as terrifying , a condition as they were in yesterday . this congestion of embarkation and landed in their turn . , no doubt , with an intention of escape ? ” you please , sir , ” said the king , who began to give way to the emotion which had showed itself in blacas ’ s face and affected villefort ’ s voice . corner without uttering a word . pretended message from anne of austria , upon the faith of which he had come	125.98941040039062
to paris , was a snare ; but instead of regaining england , he had , <unk> the position in which he had been placed , declared to the queen that he would not depart without seeing her . bread , since the fowls are beyond all price in this accursed place . ” evening . ” would have made him pass for an elegant man , if those clothes had not been torn to <unk> ; still they did not show signs of wear , and the fine cloth , beneath the careful hands of the prisoner , soon recovered its gloss in the parts which were still perfect , for the <unk> tried his best to make it assume the appearance of a new coat .	171.5743408203125
, think i set any great store by life ? ” in here , as if you were about to penetrate a crowded <unk> ? ” to keep pace on foot with a carriage drawn by two powerful horses . above vulgar desires and earthly passions . that is kind to countess g—— on the part of her friend the vampire . ” barrois was sixty years of age ; morrel was deeply in love , and barrois was dying with heat and exertion . ? ” the secret which i am not willing to know ? ” . ” of an artist , the exact and strict costume of teresa had a very different character from that of carmela and her companions ; and teresa was frivolous	202.3528289794922
and coquettish , and thus the embroidery and <unk> , the cashmere <unk> , all dazzled her , and the reflection of <unk> and diamonds almost turned her giddy brain . i would place each of these heroes on his right <unk> of robespierre on his scaffold in the place louis <unk> ; that of napoleon on the column of the place <unk> . to caderousse , who collected all his strength , signed it , and fell back on his bed , saying : at the banker ’ s feet , he could not have experienced greater terror . and it is he who apologized to me . ” by her manner , that her uneasiness was not feigned ; and franz himself could not resist a	135.552490234375
feeling of superstitious <unk> much the stronger in him , as it arose from a variety of <unk> recollections , while the terror of the countess sprang from an instinctive belief , originally created in her mind by the wild tales she had listened to till she believed them truths . <unk> of such a fine water existed . are fed in my <unk> , which are excellent <unk> . ” , ” replied athos ; “ my only regret is not having seen d ’ artagnan ; but the rascal is so cunning , he might have guessed our project . ” to speak the truth ? ” ” ” replied the mendicant ; “ dismiss your lackey . ” the duke , who from time to	128.01263427734375
time looked at the clock , the fingers of which seemed to move with <unk> <unk> . are right , and i am glad to see that you do justice to the count at last . me , ” said villefort . there , ” said she , at length , turning towards fernand . was deemed not only the prettiest , but the most graceful woman in france . ” but yourself ? ” for a day , count , i know what to anticipate ; it will not be a house i shall see , but a palace . , ’ shouted a voice . this was the name by which de winter had called the man they had found in the passage of the king	76.14701843261719
’ s tent . should i regret what gives you pleasure ? ” see me dead , but they would not like themselves to die with me . ’ , ” replied the marquise , with a look of tenderness that seemed out of keeping with her harsh dry features ; but , however all other feelings may be withered in a woman ’ s nature , there is always one bright smiling spot in the desert of her heart , and that is the <unk> of maternal love . meaning of this change ? ” his elbow leaning on the column , and was reading with his back turned to the arcades , through the openings of which the new-comers contemplated him . ” the fashionable world	132.63568115234375
, always ordered , measured , ruled , like our <unk> . by the eloquence which characterized mazarin when he spoke in italian or spanish and which he lost entirely in speaking french , was uttered with such impenetrable expression that gondy , clever <unk> as he was , had no suspicion of its being more than a simple warning to be more subdued . a few near relatives alone entered the <unk> . the living barrier was violently broken through . side the conqueror of rocroy , of nordlingen , of lens ? ” of dining alone , and that no one but ali should attend him . waiting for our turns . ” in the general terms of use part of this license , apply to	288.4048767089844
copying and distributing project gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the project gutenberg™ concept and trademark . hand to his heart , and placed a glass before his lips . is popular , and does honor to the title they have adorned it with ; but you are too intelligent not to know that according to a prejudice , too firmly rooted to be <unk> , a nobility which dates back five centuries is worth more than one that can only reckon twenty years . ” had preserved a great number of friends , and these , added to the personages whom the usages of society gave villefort a claim on , formed a considerable body . to merit a more minute examination , albert de morcerf could follow	276.2225036621094
up his researches by means of a small gate , similar to that close to the <unk> ’ <unk> door , and which merits a particular description . . bed , was <unk> on his cloak for him , a second knock at the door was heard . from confinement at toulon . ” , baroness , to honor me with an introduction to your daughter ? ” journal last <unk> wait , and read for yourself. ” and albert handed over the paper to the count , who read as follows : woman of <unk> . us in a corner and send us whatever you like from yours . ” not understand , ” said danglars . him to paris ? from the paper , and bowed	118.83814239501953
. ” the mendicant . there were , it would be impossible to draw up with impunity two such deeds as these . replied m. danglars , ‘ i believe he is the son of the old shipowner . ’ ” as is <unk> in <unk> , from the word itself to its softened <unk> , then , instead of committing an ignoble assassination you make an ‘ <unk> ; ’ you merely and simply remove from your path the individual who is in your way , and that without shock or violence , without the display of the sufferings which , in the case of becoming a punishment , make a martyr of the victim , and a butcher , in every sense of the word ,	172.2360076904297
of him who <unk> them . agreed , and not with me ; he even has in his pocket a letter from that person , who <unk> great importance to you , as i have heard him say . ” words when madame morrel entered weeping bitterly . alone divided me from it yielded to my efforts , and i found myself in the house . dear boy , ” continued noirtier , “ i rely on your prudence to remove all the things which i leave in your care . ” me a favor , will you not ? ” the materials for making this wonderful work ? ” not tell his name , but who comes from the cardinal . ” luxury to have them alive	126.4451904296875
, it being an amusing sight to see them die , for , when dying , they change color three or four times , and like the <unk> when it <unk> , pass through all the <unk> shades , after which they were sent to the kitchen . the queen , with a faltering voice , “ because , in the midst of such a crowd as this , i feared some accident might happen to them . ” a supercargo ; pen , ink , and paper are my tools , and without my tools i am fit for nothing . ” the parcel which he had desired bernouin to place under the seat . will you get me out of paris ? ” access to or	144.56753540039062
distribute copies of a project gutenberg™ work in a format other than “ plain vanilla ascii ” or other format used in the official version posted on the official project gutenberg™ website ( www.gutenberg.org ) , you must , at no additional cost , fee or expense to the user , provide a copy , a means of exporting a copy , or a means of obtaining a copy upon request , of the work in its original “ plain vanilla ascii ” or other form . bathed in an infernal joy . ! ” and he fired two pistols . room , calling for help as loudly as she could , when suddenly her window , which was twenty feet from the ground , was opened ,	355.5381164550781
a young peasant jumped into the chamber , seized her in his arms , and with superhuman skill and strength conveyed her to the turf of the <unk> , where she fainted . count ! ” she exclaimed , as he entered . conceal your journey from me , and yet i knew of your arrival half an hour after you had passed the barrier . this is not his eminence who has honored you with the commission to procure my head ? madame de villefort , “ all these circumstances which you link thus to one another may be broken by the least accident ; the vulture may not see the fowl , or may fall a hundred yards from the <unk> . ” lord de winter	112.3302993774414
, already prejudiced against me , and told him that his sister-in-law was a <unk> , a branded woman . , ” said morrel , clasping his hands . m. de tréville ; it was important that he should be informed of what was passing . murmured monte cristo . he disappeared , and then touched a spring in a panel made to look like a picture , which , in <unk> partly from the frame , discovered to view a small opening , so cleverly contrived that it revealed all that was passing in the drawing-room now occupied by cavalcanti and andrea . your work by <unk> . had reached the first of the two islands , which was , in fact , tiboulen . , ”	121.33662414550781
said athos , “ there is a god in heaven still ! ” ” dark or light , night as well as day , ” answered mousqueton . below , i found five or six custom-house officers , and two or three <unk> heavily armed . around . so , ” said tréville , “ we are . ” me , and something tells me there , ” placing his hand on his heart , “ that i ought to have no secret from you . ” saving the king it will be good ; if we die for him it will be grand . ” hour for hour , ” said albert ; “ that will suit me to a <unk> . ” i am mad to	75.36837005615234
trouble you with such things , when your coming to my tent at such an hour announces that you are the bearers of important news . ” , gentlemen ; for it is getting late . ” with enthusiasm . ” seen him , but i don ’ t know what he calls himself . ” beauchamp , “ you doubt me ? ? that the situation had become too serious to lose time in useless words and <unk> wrath . she , “ you could plant one of the chestnut-trees in the tuileries inside ! sir . ” me , ” replied de winter , “ after telling me all . that is the very thing that makes you so bold , and which renders me at	98.42617797851562
once so happy and unhappy , that i frequently ask myself whether it is better for me to endure the <unk> of my stepmother , and her blind preference for her own child , or to be , as i now am , insensible to any pleasure save such as i find in these meetings , so <unk> with danger to both . ” method of reckoning time , had not dantès long ceased to do so . as virtuous as <unk> ? not know it . ” looking forward to be captain , it was wrong to annoy the owner . ” monument was inscribed : “ the families of saint-méran and villefort , ” for such had been the last wish expressed by poor renée ,	187.37936401367188
valentine ’ s mother . cardinal when he undertook this siege were extensive . believe me too <unk> ! ” monte cristo , “ this cross seems to me to be wisely awarded . young man , <unk> will see him ; and if anything can be <unk> , we will make it our business . ” request of your father , opened an account of 5,000 francs a month at m. danglars ’ , which is one of the safest banks in paris . ” is always remorse from the indulgence of our passions , and , after all , what have you men to fear from all this ? the doctor , “ can you speak ? ” barrois muttered a few unintelligible words . moved	112.9673080444336
a step forward , and albert turned towards him . <unk> , ’ said he , in a voice of thunder , ‘ and you shall undergo the punishment of <unk> ! your <unk> ; my lord , you have abused the royal power , which you have almost <unk> ; my lord , you are held in horror by god and men . the curate of st. merri was announced . right , m. procureur ; you must go farther back . ” all , ” said valentine ; “ from you i have nothing to conceal . , ” repeated the princess , opening the door herself . shopkeeper who was gaping at the crows and who had <unk> him , aramis with one blow of	90.36109161376953
his fist had <unk> him ten paces . at the throat , porthos ; it kills as quickly and prevents all <unk> . ” of it . ” the courage of his own people . come as rapidly to paris as possible , to inform your majesty that i have discovered , in the exercise of my duties , not a commonplace and insignificant plot , such as is every day got up in the lower ranks of the people and in the army , but an actual <unk> storm which menaces no less than your majesty ’ s throne . my dark lantern ; it was empty . , ” said d ’ artagnan . of fortune be to you ? now and tomorrow two roman peasant	150.83970642089844
costumes , ” returned albert . favorable beginning . uttered an exclamation , had not a look from monte cristo silenced him . you all , and i will tell you all . s eyes and he leaped lightly to his saddle . sir , ” said raoul . reason i am delighted to see you , ” continued the abbé , “ although you have disturbed me in a most important calculation , which , if it succeeded , would possibly change <unk> ’ s system . d ’ artagnan , “ the man i am warned against by athos . ” the man in the mantle reappeared . your ancestors have traced for you , ” said albert gallantly . had recovered his <unk> , and	88.32185363769531
with a glance indicated the closet where once before under somewhat similar circumstances , he had taken refuge . in token of assent . mute and immovable as a statue , milady was frightened . which has made people hold their tongues , but has not made me their friend . ” said monte cristo ; “ it is only half-past ten o ’ clock , come in . ” , ” said the banker to monte cristo ; “ wait for me . they any stairs with such windows ? ” blois again ; it is but natural . ” . ” _ ” a prisoner because , under the arbor of la réserve , the day before i was to marry you , a man named	111.87812042236328
danglars wrote this letter , which the fisherman fernand himself posted . ” how much you have been considered in all the circumstances . ” of soldiers , the passages still lined by guards . opera yesterday ? ” ” married , he shall come and live with us , instead of one child , he shall have two . i repeat it to your majesty , that the queen conspires against the power of the king , but i have not said against his honor . ” ? are right , ” said athos . time of her relations with monsieur de buckingham ; it had to do in some way with certain studs and diamonds . ” , dantès saw they were passing through the rue	107.58634185791016
<unk> , and by the rue <unk> and the rue <unk> , to the quay . by unheard-of and <unk> tortures destroyed your father , your mother , your betrothed , —a being who , when torn from you , left a <unk> , a wound that never closes , in your breast , —do you think the reparation that society gives you is sufficient when it <unk> the knife of the guillotine between the base of the <unk> and the <unk> muscles of the murderer , and allows him who has caused us years of moral sufferings to escape with a few moments of physical pain ? ” strange figure with surprise . man he exclaimed : with asking d ’ artagnan if he could do anything	182.6980438232422
for him , but d ’ artagnan answered that he was supplied with all he wanted . each other . ” to reveal your good luck ; no one asks for your <unk> the world knows your discretion . , <unk> may be hidden , but they never close ; always painful , always ready to bleed when touched , they remain fresh and open in the heart . planchet , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ and as a proof , there is a crown to drink my health . ” ” answered la ramee , trying to laugh , “ a ladder of <unk> can ’ t be sent around a ball , like a letter . ” d ’ artagnan ? ” return to	88.08351135253906
paris , athos to take measures preparatory to an interview with the queen . thus , and with such a voice ? ” said he . , i am charged with <unk> it ; and if you do not give it <unk> ” about ? ” said the king ; “ go on , my good parry , unless you are tired . ” ” remained immovable as bronze when <unk> by the <unk> a muscle of whose face was stirred , either at mazarin ’ s <unk> or by the jests of the <unk> to the cardinal a peculiar being , who , having participated in past events similar to those now occurring , was calculated to <unk> with those now on the eve of taking place	112.49593353271484
. gave you to understand , i think , that i <unk> to the princes . that a signature given under circumstances like the present might be regarded as extorted by violence . ” office is located at 809 north 1500 west , salt lake city , ut 84116 , ( 801 ) 596-1887 . boast the barbarous miracles of her <unk> , and the wonders of babylon be talked of no more among us ; all must bow to the superiority of the gigantic labor of the <unk> , and the many voices of fame spread far and wide the surpassing merits of this incomparable monument . ” examined his arms with the utmost coolness ; he had two double-barrelled guns and a <unk> ; he loaded	453.1541748046875
them , looked at the <unk> , and waited quietly . the captain , ‘ we have done all in our power , and m. morrel will have nothing to reproach us with , we have tried to save the ship , let us now save ourselves . , ” said mazarin . your chaise . ” a good dinner , and inquired the address of the house of thomson & french , which was immediately given to him , as it was one of the most celebrated in rome . exchanged numerous caresses , <unk> each other upon the fortunate chance which had freed france from the inveterate enemy who set all europe against her . ” repeated milady , with an <unk> expression of <unk> .	105.4242172241211
sir , as you perceive , ” replied raoul , “ and we have but had a little bath . ” your father , at the moment he raised the pistol to his <unk> anyone had told me , when in my prison i pushed back the food i had not tasted for three <unk> anyone had said to either of us then , ‘ <unk> day will come when you will be happy , and will bless life ! ’ —no matter whose voice had spoken , we should have heard him with the smile of doubt , or the anguish of incredulity , —and yet how many times has your father blessed life while embracing <unk> often have i <unk> ” blame dantès . to see	206.7635498046875
this wretch , leaving a long track of blood on the ground he passed over , pale with approaching death , trying to drag himself along without being seen to the body of his accomplice , which lay twenty paces from him . sir , and , thank god , such as i could wish , ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ but it was <unk> stolen from me . ” rueil . the cardinal ’ s men , a cousin of rochefort ! dozen men at the most . ” find your father a very <unk> person , i assure you . ” ” said she , “ i have often thought of it. ” then she added in a low voice , “ and i	67.99166870117188
will think of it again . ” , i am a gascon . ” . ” lord , ” continued rochefort , “ you understand that to <unk> from the bastile in order to enter vincennes is only to change one ’ s prison . ” before yesterday . ” here ; i simply told them where you were . ” cried aramis . the remorse he feels in his heart . to the <unk> i won ’ t repeat her name , for i am incapable of compromising a woman ; but this i know , that i had but to write to her and she would have sent me fifteen hundred . ” , according to your excellency ’ s orders . ” . ” been	62.99917984008789
running very fast , mademoiselle , but i must do m. morrel the justice to say that he ran still faster . ” thirty-six cannon . ” the count , in a somewhat forced tone , “ that may be easily explained ; the comtesse de morcerf , who is aristocracy and refinement itself , does not <unk> the idea of being allied by your marriage with one of ignoble birth ; that is natural enough . ” now , then , ” said monte cristo , listening . ’ s attorney red , and replied that having in the evening broken one of those studs , she had sent it to her goldsmith to be repaired . ” , and bringing back to jacopo the shirt and	129.134521484375
trousers he had lent him , that edmond reappeared before the captain of the lugger , who had made him tell his story over and over again before he could believe him , or recognize in the neat and <unk> sailor the man with thick and matted beard , hair <unk> with <unk> , and body <unk> in <unk> , whom he had picked up naked and nearly drowned . porthos ; this time you have an idea . ” france triumphed , all his influence would be lost . milady . my dear monsieur cavalcanti , that it is useless for you to tell people in france that you have been separated from your son for fifteen years . ” was met by the two notaries ,	147.56129455566406
who had just completed the act which was to disinherit valentine , and who were leaving under the conviction of having done a thing which could not fail of <unk> considerably to their credit . villefort ; “ only return again at eleven o ’ clock ; at twelve <unk> , heavens , my poor , poor child ! ” and the procureur again becoming a man , lifted up his eyes and groaned . exterior of the house at auteuil gave no <unk> of splendor , nothing one would expect from the destined residence of the magnificent count of monte cristo ; but this simplicity was according to the will of its master , who positively ordered nothing to be altered outside . of me . watched	158.843994140625
them , and <unk> by the moment when her lover had left her alone , had carried her off , and believed he at length had her in his power , when the ball , directed by the <unk> skill of the young herdsman , had pierced his heart . afterward porthos appeared at the end of the rue férou on a very handsome _genet_ . , you seem to throw a sort of magic influence over all in which you are concerned ; when i listen to you , existence no longer seems reality , but a waking dream . ; provided he can get money out of the people , that is all he wants . ” a father of a family , charged with even	145.83380126953125
a greater responsibility than the father of an ordinary family . a <unk> communicating with a cellar , from which one could get into the <unk> . the only fault to be found with them was the same that a fastidious <unk> might have found with her beauty , that they were somewhat too <unk> and masculine for so young a person . ten years engaged in war , as grimaud and i have been , my dear blaisois , you would know the difference there is between the goods of others and the goods of enemies . daughter to the baron franz d ’ épinay , because i consider it would be a proper and <unk> match for her to make , and , in short ,	139.9034881591797
because i choose to bestow my daughter ’ s hand on <unk> i please . ” is his name ? ” four friends was certainly d ’ artagnan , although he , in his quality of guardsman , would be much more easily equipped than messieurs the musketeers , who were all of high rank ; but our gascon <unk> was , as may have been observed , of a provident and almost avaricious character , and with that ( explain the contradiction ) so vain as almost to rival porthos . and broke it on his knee . intention you followed me ? ” asked the young woman , with a coquettish smile , whose somewhat bantering character resumed its influence , and with whom all fear	192.14691162109375
had disappeared from the moment in which she recognized a friend in one she had taken for an enemy . is a poor wretched creature ) , i did hope . a <unk> you are going to see ? ! <unk> madame de villefort ! ” cried the procureur from the door of his chamber , which apparently he scarcely dared to leave . of <unk> me with going all over that again ? ” he , when franz had finished , “ what do you think of that ? ” duty it was to remain in the king ’ s room , attracted by that love of play so powerful in all men , had stolen little by little toward the table , and standing on tiptoe	92.75110626220703
, <unk> , watching the game , over the shoulders of d ’ artagnan and porthos . , ” said the young man , “ i have unhappily spent too much of your money not to know the value of it . , ” said she , “ and today is saturday ; i dare say it is the doctor , grandpapa . ” d ’ artagnan , “ i decide that we should adopt athos ’ s plan , and that we set off in half an hour . ” ? ” the men who pick up balls . ” d ’ artagnan , “ if you can still speak , say a word , my dear porthos , to this good planchet . ” to say	47.00968933105469
? felton ; it is only the sentinel warning me that they are about to change the guard . ” his attention . creature ! that ? ” asked the queen , almost timidly . but one ; the other was an instrument , that was all . ” asked beauchamp . them drink it . ” balsam for <unk> balsam given to me by my mother and of which i have made a trial upon myself . ” me there one day with you . ” with the queen in a gilded chariot . ” repeated the major , “ <unk> . ” in trying to buy things cheap , monsieur porthos , ” said the procurator ’ s wife , seeking to excuse herself . ,	74.93712615966797
has he not , madame ? ” asked the count . too late . really to fear that something had happened to mme . the stable boys , and the stable boys had beaten him . the quai des <unk> <unk> , while the two friends went to ring at the bell of the unfortunate porthos . ? ” asked the countess . in this manner , ” said the <unk> boy . he reflected . preparations this morning . ” madame , ” replied monte cristo , “ but i never eat <unk> grapes . ” those apricots which madame de longueville sent to us yesterday from noisy and give half a dozen of them to your son , with a crust of new bread . ”	94.92578125
, captain . ” gently replied haydée ; “ i love the life you have made so sweet to me , and i should be sorry to die . ” in attempting to <unk> his jailers , who might only have taken it and then betrayed him to the governor , dantès carefully preserved it , that in the event of his getting out of prison he might have wherewithal to live , for the sale of such a diamond would have quite sufficed to make his fortune . ” of the guards who could not see his king pass captive before him without rendering him this final homage . cahusac , a favorite of the cardinal ’ s . in whispers . asked grimaud . room with	139.77685546875
the baron de château-renaud , leaving monte cristo alone with morcerf . the first moment of surprise , shame , and terror , to triumph over her . cry . the line that indicates the constant presence of bitter thoughts ; he had the fiery eyes that seem to penetrate to the very soul , and the haughty and disdainful upper lip that gives to the words it <unk> a peculiar character that <unk> them on the minds of those to whom they are addressed . held the <unk> of their carbines against my breast . cardinals . ’ the <unk> , whom , notwithstanding , you tax with <unk> with <unk> , that is not my way ; but i am firm . 1815 . ” was	164.69007873535156
arrested , monsieur morrel hastened to obtain the particulars , and they were very sad . sell out here ? ” eminence be reassured . to encounter the jokes of the dragoon and the swiss . if porthos and aramis deemed him superior to them in the arts of diplomacy , they would like him all the better for it ; but that athos , on the contrary , would despise him . expected is that you will be arrested . ” behind a clump of bushes and in the midst of a pile of rocks , by which a man could scarcely pass . , as you did in the time of louis xiii . is <unk> o ’ clock . feeling to the beauty of the	123.42189025878906
fête , to the pleasure she had experienced in the ballet ; and as it is not <unk> to contradict a queen , whether she smile or weep , everybody <unk> on the gallantry of the aldermen of the city of paris . he is a bandit , compared to whom the <unk> and the <unk> were mere children . ” ? ” at least , ” said madame de villefort . in matters relating to discipline . seen , only they heard the galloping draw nearer . , my dear villefort , ” said the doctor ; “ grief may kill , although it rarely does , and never in a day , never in an hour , never in ten <unk> ” villefort answered nothing ,	122.19420623779297
he simply raised his head , which had been cast down before , and looked at the doctor with amazement . is not dead , if it is she we have just seen , you will meet with her again some day or other . a proof ? ” said , “ yes , doubtless it is painful , if you violently break the outer covering which obstinately begs for life . guard before my husband , who is rather shrewd , notwithstanding his <unk> years . ” after him until he turned the corner of the street . is a <unk> . he , “ if monsieur d ’ artagnan will surrender his sword to me and join his word to yours , i shall be satisfied	93.77281188964844
with your promise to convey monsieur d ’ artagnan to the quarters of monseigneur the cardinal . ” who had been incessantly observing every change in fernand ’ s look and manner , saw him <unk> and fall back , with an almost convulsive spasm , against a seat placed near one of the open windows . king ’ s attorney , i denounce mademoiselle de villefort , do your duty . ” passion in his heart , as every fruit has its <unk> ; that of the telegraph man was <unk> . ” added he , “ i should have said , give them , besides , two hundred francs over as a present ; but times are changed , and the little money that remains to	134.9087677001953
me is not my own , so do not think me mean on this account . ” , ” cried raoul , “ whilst you , sir , you had the kindness to attend to all these details . in entering , milady leaped lightly to the ground , and tried to conceal behind her the <unk> cord she held in her hand . all those things i have , but i am a <unk> in the midst of <unk> . ” right , for i am ready to quarrel with everyone today ; but you have the first claim , m. danglars . ” s silence , —it was evident that the doctor was examining the dead body . make us ! very long , excellency .	93.66466522216797
” , the trademark owner , and any <unk> under this agreement will not be liable to you for actual , direct , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> or <unk> damages even if you give notice of the possibility of such damage . the abbé busoni ; and abbés who give diamonds worth two thousand louis are rare . said he , “ to feel a hand like this , when its owner <unk> on the goodness of his cause . ” study to learn the art of <unk> ? ” asked monte cristo . for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works , reports , performances and research . over the grave of my father , ” replied morrel in a broken voice . to	179.8995361328125
have been abandoned in the deserted kitchen-garden ; and where <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , peas , and <unk> had once flourished , a <unk> crop of lucern alone bore evidence of its being deemed worthy of cultivation . , come in , ” called d ’ artagnan ; “ you are here in my apartment , and we are all faithful servants of the king and cardinal . ” men who do not <unk> court danger , but if danger presents itself , combat it with the most unalterable coolness . of relating all that had passed , but she suddenly remembered that in doing so she must reveal a terrible secret which concerned others as well as her grandfather , and she said : were	190.6328887939453
good , they caught fish ; and so long as they sold their fish , they were able to buy <unk> for new nets . well accustomed to the domestic <unk> of this disturbed household , was alarmed . you ? ” ’ clock and i will tell you ; but do not breathe to a living soul , sir , the rendezvous which i give you . ” eighty . , when for the hundredth time i took up my spade , i asked myself again and again what the corsican could have done with the child . is an excellent fellow , and we must not leave him . for this juvenile <unk> of his appeared to be as amusing as if some one had related	135.8102569580078
it of another person . worth . ” will go . discovered my father . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan . and made a movement to rush after d ’ artagnan . now all the various subjects of which we <unk> , madame , ” continued the count with perfect calmness ; “ but i perfectly remember that , falling into the error which others had entertained respecting me , you consulted me as to the health of mademoiselle de villefort . ” in such circumstances , monsieur du vallon , who is rich , always gives me his prisoners . ” it was still worse . , i have heard it said that she does not love the english , but an englishman . ” d	74.08573150634766
’ artagnan , “ they ’ ll suppose us to be stronger than themselves , as we ’ re in pursuit ; they ’ ll be afraid and will disperse . ” they exclaimed , as all rose in <unk> . the day after to-morrow , ” said aramis . cried villefort ; “ or rather i will go for him myself . ” dangerous spot would have been useless imprudence . betrayed , dug her nails into her flesh to subdue every emotion that might give to her face any expression except agony . general quesnel to go there , and general quesnel , who quitted his own house at nine o ’ clock in the evening , was found the next day in the seine .	148.29983520507812
” the queen . <unk> , and a simple glance cast upon felton , revealed to her all the importance of the reply she was about to make ; but with that rapidity of intelligence which was peculiar to her , this reply , ready arranged , presented itself to her lips : the count stopped the carriage , and requested permission to withdraw , leaving the vehicle at their disposal . despair on the journey ? ” said athos ; and he took the invaluable paper from the pocket of his uniform . the idea of marrying the granddaughter of a jacobin ? ” he threw himself as sole support , seemed to him now not much to be relied upon . complying with the laws regulating	148.83731079101562
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the united states . precaution is , i think , quite unnecessary . ” ” ambitious , must he not ? murmured d ’ artagnan . athos , “ four times only ; once at the house of monsieur <unk> ; another time at my own house in the country , in my château <unk> i had a château ; a third time at monsieur de tréville ’ s where it surprised us all ; and the fourth time at a cabaret , where it fell to my lot , and where i lost a hundred louis and a supper on it . ” marry andrea , my dear m. danglars , that you are asking so many questions	133.22650146484375
? ” , ” he exclaimed , in a languid voice , leaning back in his easy-chair . slipped along the barrel of the <unk> weapon , and passed through the thigh of the assassin , who fell . who would be honored by joining in the sport with me . ” —the _pharaon_ ! and then , with the tenacity peculiar to <unk> of bad news , the failure was put off until the end of september . in trying to jump from the end of a pile of wood on which she had mounted , the poor child fell and was not able to rise again . cried he , “ he has given us anjou wine instead of champagne , and fancies we know no	122.79875183105469
better ! years the little tavern had been kept by a man and his wife , with two servants , —a chambermaid named <unk> , and a hostler called <unk> . an abbé , and all was arranged . morrel , looking fixedly at his son , “ you are a man , and a man of honor . endeavored to catch your eye , but could not . exclaimed , “ the scotch i called ‘ my faithful , ’ to whom i trusted myself when i could have fled to <unk> ! to be anxious about something . ” to him . or rather i suspect that you feel it ; and in order to spare you all the <unk> of a nocturnal arrival in a	98.99000549316406
port and all the fatigues of landing , i send one of my officers to meet you , i place a carriage at his orders , and he brings you hither to this castle , of which i am governor , whither i come every day , and where , in order to satisfy our mutual desire of seeing each other , i have prepared you a chamber . disdain , almost of anger , on the count . the gift of poor edmond was not meant for such traitors as fernand and danglars ; besides , what would it be to them ? is it ? ” said the major . boards , sweep the floor , go out at the door , and run as i	158.25022888183594
told you . ” those only who ought to see them . is still here . ” spot , pressing with his left hand something he had concealed under his coat . his head drop on the table , now raised it , and looking at fernand with his dull and <unk> eyes , he said , “ kill dantès ! , ” said cavalcanti , yielding to his low-born nature , which would escape sometimes through the aristocratic gloss with which he sought to conceal it . as good condition as i am , and as , i hope you are , m. morrel , and this day and a half was lost from pure whim , for the pleasure of going ashore , and nothing else	110.91039276123047
. ” is a charming young man , according to my ideas . ” the palace , followed by bazin , who was lavish of bows and compliments . remain in my humility and <unk> . , and calls for gratitude and heaven has not taken away all my blessings when it leaves me your sympathy and kindness . ” the porter , “ he would not take them . ” grating of the hinges of the opening gates ; the noise of boots and spurs resounded on the stairs . ” file through these bars . much less time than is occupied in the recital . aramis , and then , if you desire it , and if they desire it , let us separate forever from	115.1803970336914
our old friends . ” their majesties ’ <unk> were to dress , two by two , in chambers prepared for the purpose . the grave-diggers , “ two ! garden ! <unk> that was <unk> who was walking while she waited <unk> ” with tolerable success . ” franz , “ the hero of this history is only two-and-twenty ? ” and aramis uttered a cry of joy . i shall be ready ; only i believed that monsieur had but one horse in the guard stables . ” his queen , or rather , against her minister . him <unk> . , ” said he , “ whether it is possible to remove the traces of my entrance <unk> future tranquillity depends upon our jailers being	156.7848358154297
entirely ignorant of it . ” , ” said the host , “ that this is not the first time i have had the honor of seeing monsieur . ” to <unk> before me , and gradually i fell into a deep , heavy slumber . , and requested his visitor to be seated . so , particularly if you have not forgotten a certain signal . ” , but whether maltese or sicilian i can not exactly say ; but this i know , that he is noble as a <unk> and rich as a gold mine . ” the chair , and was writing at the table . <unk> , ” said porthos . ” cried d ’ artagnan . the window with his habitual composure	63.14444351196289
. acquaintances ; and from time to time you can call upon me , just to tell me how you are getting on , and to say whether i can be of further service to you . ” the stranger , “ one day you will receive a letter signed ‘ sinbad the <unk> ’ do exactly what the letter bids you , however strange it may appear . ” whom i love , whom i adore , has just been torn from me by force . too , monsieur ; but i arrived second , and must sail first . ” have <unk> give them to you . really think so . the only ones to obey this command and the king ’ s example . makes	152.33993530273438
me believe that it is only an excuse of m. noirtier to prevent his granddaughter marrying ; old men are always so selfish in their affection , ” said madame de villefort . muttered athos , as if arrested by some recollection . i dislike more , which is the sound of your voice . ” the hotel of la chevrette , where pretty madeleine , the hostess , came to him . was present at the <unk> of a man who knew him . ” awakened in the middle of the night and did not know what it all was about . physical substances with its <unk> mantle , as it <unk> all things of the mind with forgetfulness , seemed to have respected these signs ,	118.69503021240234
which apparently had been made with some degree of regularity , and probably with a definite purpose . to his heart . me , ” said porthos , “ that she would have done much better if she had given it back to you . ” and by a sign invited d ’ artagnan to drink . artagnan , we know how he was lodged , and we have already made acquaintance with his lackey , master planchet . at once terrified and happy , after having embraced and thanked the feeble old man for thus breaking with a single blow the chain which she had been accustomed to consider as <unk> , asked leave to retire to her own room , in order to recover her composure	114.2087631225586
. ’ artagnan , “ you know you will not be my prisoner very long . ” afraid , you idiot ; there is nothing in hand but a party of pleasure . ” replied the count , ‘ are we not in carnival time ? ’ had safely passed the <unk> , which some <unk> shock has made between the <unk> and <unk> islands ; had doubled pomègue , and approached the harbor under topsails , jib , and spanker , but so slowly and <unk> that the idlers , with that instinct which is the <unk> of evil , asked one another what misfortune could have happened on board . unhappy mistake chance for providence . waiting for him ; neither in the antechamber , nor	158.62881469726562
in the corridor , nor beneath the great door . , and upon a sign from the cardinal , the officer retired . athos , addressing at the same time his companions and their adversaries , “ are we ready ? ” the first time , and he can tell you on what occasion ; he came to demand the rent of my lodging . resumed d ’ artagnan , “ to this <unk> is probably added poverty , for he must have neglected the little that he had , and the dirty scoundrel , grimaud , more taciturn than ever and still more drunken than his <unk> , planchet , it breaks my heart to merely think of it . ” be infamous . ” of the	110.34069061279297
corridor and said : ; but she stood in need of a little silence and quiet to give all her ideas , as yet confused , a distinct form and a regular plan . from his pocket , and presented it to d ’ artagnan . cried she , “ what has happened ? , by comparison , seem small , he made royalty great . those on the same floor , had but one outlet to the gallery in the sight of everybody . work again . then , expired , since i find you in a fair way to return there ? ” mind , and it is wonderful what <unk> may be wrought in it by a sign , a word , a hope .	128.3095245361328
who have not eaten for six weeks . ” we are prisoners , ” whispered d ’ artagnan to his friend . wear your uniform ; that will look very well . their supper the queen feigned extreme fatigue and passed into her bedroom . . ” <unk> in <unk> , turf , and clumps of flowers . ” struck . friend . ” four of these unfortunate men , covered with <unk> and blood , fled along the hollow way , and at length regained the city . cried d ’ artagnan , at last , furious , “ very well , since you wish it , let us leave our bones in this <unk> land , where it is always cold , where fine weather is	118.36964416503906
a fog , fog is rain , and rain a <unk> ; where the sun represents the moon and the moon a <unk> cheese ; in truth , whether we die here or elsewhere matters little , since we must die . ” with the thing yet . ” third <unk> of his poem to finish , behaved like a man in haste . as usual . half-open eyes , to answer this noisy summons , and d ’ artagnan sprang with such violence into the room as nearly to overturn the astonished lackey . up the louis ; then she picked up friquet . who were on their way to join the army and the name of one of whom i heard his companion <unk> viscount de	224.04151916503906
bragelonne . ” smile and separated . spoken of but the foresight of danglars , who had sold his shares , and of the luck of the <unk> , who only lost five hundred thousand francs by such a blow . assent and they all went out , stopping at the window of a gallery on the ground floor . his hand and aramis was about to dismount when he received a violent shock ; ’ twas a thrust from a sword , but his cuirass turned aside the blow . ” ” replied monte cristo ; “ besides , has she <unk> ” , but deeply interesting , ” said the young lady , motionless with attention . the next day at eleven o ’ clock .	88.9565658569336
said porthos , “ you appear to be in a somewhat better humor to-day than you were yesterday . sir , ” replied monte cristo . , and we believed that not being on duty we were at liberty to dispose of our time as we pleased . the events we have related had caused deep anxiety , had hesitated about going to madame de morcerf ’ s , when during the morning her carriage happened to meet that of villefort . said nothing . ’ artagnan presented himself the assemblage was imposing , particularly for a provincial just arriving from his province . ” asked d ’ artagnan , who did not at all comprehend the hilarity of his friend . reply , and seeing it so	113.08458709716797
long coming , he burst into a laugh , turned upon his heel , and re-entered the house . me shudder . ” . but i told her she was wrong to talk about such things ; and that his eminence was <unk> ” let us be off , gentlemen , let us be off ! ” you . ” dearest edmond ! ” cried mercédès , stretching out her arms to him from the balcony . , ” cried she , “ you have <unk> betrayed me , and still more , you have my secret ! are not poisoned . partially obscured by heavy clouds , now and then lit up the muskets of the sentinels , or <unk> the walls , the roofs , and	96.324462890625
the <unk> of the town that charles i. had just surrendered to the parliamentary troops , whilst <unk> and <unk> still held out for him in the hopes of coming to some arrangement . crowd of aristocratic cares and caprices which are highly becoming to beauty . said the count . do but to fold my arms ! the abbé scarron , for whom i have a letter of introduction and at whose house i expect to meet some of my friends . ” inquire into that , ” was caderousse ’ s reply ; and turning towards the young man , said , “ well , catalan , can ’ t you make up your mind ? ” , awaited the departure , regarding the butt of	152.74566650390625
his musket with silent eloquence . know that directly i have seen m. de villefort , whom i shall endeavor to interest in edmond ’ s favor . ! ” said mousqueton ; “ i think i should like the siege of rochelle better than this war , then ! ” for kitty to leave the room . mordaunt , “ i could compel you ; i command here . ” horses ? ” said franz . hat . influence of this happiness from the moment he entered the house , and he remained silent and pensive , forgetting that he was expected to renew the conversation , which had ceased after the first salutations had been exchanged . ” cried the duke ; “ i shall beat	83.10980224609375
you . ” to have been here , ” said debray ; “ i wonder what will be talked about tonight ; this funeral is the news of the day . of his new duties , deigned to explain to the two gentlemen that he was ordered to take up his position on the place royale with two hundred men , forming the rear of the army of paris , and to march on charenton when necessary . of course : “ the son of an <unk> sire , and the father of a yet more unfortunate family , bore in his looks that cast of inauspicious melancholy by which the <unk> of that time pretended to distinguish those who were <unk> to a violent and unhappy <unk>	123.8731689453125
” —the <unk> , <unk> . faithful highlanders have fought for honor alone . ” finish his sentence completely , and bowed in sign of assent . cross over the spot , but it had fallen down and the grave-digger had burnt it , as he did all the old wood in the <unk> . he was not a musketeer , performed the duty of one with remarkable punctuality . purse into his pocket . ” too long , my dear landlord , ” replied franz . <unk> for some days ; still , the idea of seeing our dear valentine again inspired him with courage , and notwithstanding his illness he would leave . said the traveller . most <unk> morning ’ s work . ” my	137.07835388183594
lord . ” your sins , we have the archbishop of paris , who has the very greatest power at the court of rome , and even the coadjutor , who possesses some <unk> <unk> ; we will recommend you to him . ” at blois would be dangerous to his youthful mind . ” replied kitty , “ my mistress loves you not at all . ” morcerf , “ i see you are a <unk> for forms , my dear sir , and you would remind me that the ceremonial <unk> should not be omitted . ! ” said the cardinal , sternly . , ” said athos , “ let us leave this chamber ; the dead are not agreeable company , particularly when they	69.03768157958984
have died a violent death . ” , and after waiting an hour , lest the jailer should change his mind and return , he removed his bed , took the handle of the saucepan , inserted the point between the <unk> stone and rough stones of the wall , and employed it as a lever . tight and so make his mouth hard , so that you will not be able to make him manoeuvre quickly . too true , ” said comminges , “ ’ tis almost a prison ; but what a singular fancy this is of yours , <unk> , who are the very flower of our <unk> <unk> your valor and loyalty amongst these <unk> , the frondists ! to his lips .	168.03819274902344
have brought from elba , and pass your word you will appear should you be required , and go and rejoin your friends . , sir ? arrived , in safety at notre dame , at the front gate of which all the <unk> , with the coadjutor at their head , awaited the king , the queen and the minister , for whose happy return they <unk> a te deum . will do nothing of the kind ; the moment they come from government you would find them <unk> . herblay , to his left . it . ” as long as he is avenged ? in my power to carry out your wishes , your excellency . your word , ” said morrel coldly ; then	145.0035858154297
taking out his watch , he added , “ it is half-past eleven . ” hands ; and then , ashamed of having been betrayed into such a demonstration of joy , she half turned away and bent over a vase of roses , as if to inhale their odor . the crime i had committed , ” answered bertuccio . ” said morrel ; “ it is extraordinary ! ” as death ; lightning darted from his eyes . pointed to a window , through the shutters of which a faint light streamed . servants to m. de la trémouille with a letter in which he begged of him to <unk> the cardinal ’ s guardsmen from his house , and to <unk> his people for their	105.75667572021484
audacity in making _sortie_ against the king ’ s musketeers . kind of advanced guard , and the door was kept by the three french attendants , commanded by <unk> . to the presence of anne , who , silent and lofty as ever , listened to the speeches and complaints of the deputies ; but when they had finished their <unk> not one of them could say , so calm remained her face , whether or no she had heard them . ” . ” here . ” officer , ” said athos ; “ but we were ignorant with whom we had to do , and you may see that we were keeping good guard . ” lips the white , smooth brow the royal child	113.44601440429688
presented to her with a gravity which already partook of etiquette . each other . this diamond again , ’ replied the jeweller ; ‘ the first time you are often mistaken as to the value of a stone . ’ say what it was ! ” wild days may chance to come again ; i am commissioned to find out my companions and i began by you , who were the very soul of our society . ” to sleep . , be tempted to believe , ” said the abbess , “ that this young person is innocent ? ” been repressed when she was about to reveal it , by the sad conviction that it would be useless to do so ; for , were	104.06718444824219
it once discovered by her father and mother , all would be lost . hand , which they kissed , and she said in a low tone to de winter : best to obey you , madame , ” said the youthful king , “ but i have no inclination to sleep . ” of surprise and the queen turned to him with a start of joy . he put his horse into a gallop and advanced toward him . order and for the good of the state that the bearer of this has done what he has done . five or six millions which form your real capital , you have just lost nearly two millions , which must , of course , in the same degree	94.57698822021484
diminish your credit and fictitious fortune ; to follow out my <unk> , your skin has been opened by bleeding , and this if repeated three or four times will cause <unk> pay attention to it , my dear monsieur danglars . it , ” said the eye of her grandfather . his <unk> watch before the door , the road on which he so eagerly strained his sight was void and lonely as a desert at midday . planchet ? ” says , morcerf , ” said debray , “ do you marry her . rum and biscuit in it for the seamen ; should the night happen to be stormy they will not be sorry to find something to console themselves with . ” franz ,	181.36766052246094
finding that the count was coming to the point he wished . have tasted nothing but water . ” at each other , then at the <unk> furnishings of the apartment . i ask god and you how i can save her ? ” came to himself . in communication with your witty and agreeable friend ? , mamma , don ’ t you remember ? ” interposed edward , “ and i pulled three such beautiful feathers out of his tail . ” <unk> ’ artagnan had counted his sighs . she , trying to recover her self-possession . ” said the queen , “ what is your opinion of this riot ? ” excellency chose , ” said the captain , “ you might have capital	100.47491455078125
sport . ” grimaud ? ” asked athos . rich . , ” answered the other ; “ and no doubt his motive in visiting paris is to <unk> for the <unk> prize , given , as you are aware , to whoever shall be proved to have most <unk> advanced the interests of virtue and humanity . of his dark , <unk> appearance singing with a voice like a woman ’ s . ” on all the luxuries which had rendered life so easy and so happy since his infancy ; he looked at the pictures , whose faces seemed to smile , and the landscapes , which appeared painted in <unk> colors . ” generous heart should be accepted generously . ; do you promise me	136.34732055664062
to make what use you can of the report of the fortune m. cavalcanti will bring without touching the money ? lips and whispered to his sergeant : the appointment mme . the conversation ceased , and the three guardsmen and the musketeer , after having cordially shaken hands , separated , the guardsmen going one way and aramis another . covered with <unk> was placed in one corner . ’ artagnan was to return it , but milady added , “ no , no ! this affair , even a miracle . ” therefore , more at my ease , <unk> <unk> , in a subject of my own choice , which would be to these hard theological questions what <unk> are to <unk> in philosophy .	163.0523681640625
” , ” repeated the count . ” he inquired . meant that he didn ’ t see what that had to do with him . a clever fellow , ” murmured athos . ” continued the prince , laughing , “ and i appoint you from this moment my interpreter . ” paces , ” whispered d ’ artagnan , “ and gone up six steps , so <unk> is the pavilion called the pavilion of the orangery . comminges . s horse ; but he stopped short , and could not be made to move a step . the young officer . and an escort , and guard the prisoner with the greatest care . ” render an account to herself of the changes she could	67.93268585205078
place upon her countenance , so <unk> and so expressive , she made it take all expressions from that of passionate anger , which convulsed her features , to that of the most sweet , most affectionate , and most <unk> smile . best , ” said the innkeeper of the pont du gard , shutting up his knife . ; another man on horseback was galloping on that side . be observing her return , she walked slowly ; and instead of immediately directing her steps towards the gate , she seated herself on a bench , and , carefully casting her eyes around , to convince herself that she was not watched , she presently arose , and proceeded quickly to join maximilian . , this	228.2412567138672
young <unk> ” unhappy ; but god , our courage , and the remembrance of our friendship sustain us . of a dining-room , with a table , chairs , and <unk> of <unk> , and a <unk> parlor , without ornaments , carpet , or <unk> . lest he should betray you to the cardinal ? ” come into possession of two horses , but i have lost my own . , ” asked albert , “ that we ought to accept such offers from a perfect stranger ? ” you , mercédès , was myself , my dignity , and that strength which rendered me superior to other men ; that strength was my life . ! surprise at the sight of a stranger , and	101.97271728515625
maximilian began to laugh . , and offered him a glass filled with <unk> , saying , ‘ to the health of the brave cucumetto and the fair <unk> ’ at this moment carlini heard a woman ’ s cry ; he divined the truth , seized the glass , broke it across the face of him who presented it , and rushed towards the spot whence the cry came . stout ! ” and d ’ artagnan could not restrain his astonishment at the change good fortune had produced on the once famished one . . ” monte cristo at such an hour , his mysterious , fanciful , and extraordinary entrance into her room through the wall , might well seem impossibilities to her shattered reason	176.34896850585938
. <unk> which were tolerated in the time of the emperor , but which are not suffered now , for the people here do not like soldiers of such <unk> conduct . ’ this witness , or rather this enemy ? ’ asked the count , in a tone in which there was a visible alteration . settled that day , as emery ’ s head was not steady enough for business after such an occurrence . count bought a rock ? ” to say to me that your majesty could not say yourself ? ” the planks , he exclaimed : de guiche . , this woman whom he loved ! or six hundred thousand francs , ” said lord wilmore ; “ he is a <unk>	118.1812744140625
” hatred evidently inspired the englishman , who , knowing no other reproach to bring on the count , accused him of avarice . _ is that you ? ” said porthos to d ’ artagnan . let us sup . ” a bankrupt of trieste . ” , keep poisons in her laboratory ? ” heaven with an expression it would be impossible to describe , and tears , which had hitherto been restrained , now yielded to her emotion , and ran down her cheeks . that i may tell him so ? ” devoted to both these all-powerful masters , and that my earnest endeavors have no other aim than the service of the king , and also the <unk> of the most illustrious <unk>	128.24615478515625
that france has ever produced . , in a loyal duel , and not in ambush as it might have been reported . it is impossible to expect the son of a girondin to be free from a small <unk> of the old <unk> ” a deep crimson suffused the countenance of villefort . more brutal accusation or <unk> insults <unk> <unk> majesty . said peppino . companion on the journey , sir , ” cried raoul . , and the foliage in the garden assumed a deeper hue . too true . out of his hiding place and arrived in time to see bazin turn down the rue de la <unk> and enter , in the rue de la <unk> , a respectable looking house ; and	165.37637329101562
this d ’ artagnan felt no doubt was the habitation of the worthy beadle . for the first time to old noirtier , who having heard the noise in the house , had , as we have said , sent his old servant to inquire the cause ; on his return , his quick intelligent eye interrogated the messenger . a shrill voice from the end of the room . , but he could not see the heavens ; there was a stone veil between him and the firmament . finger , glided over the words , but at each one noirtier answered by a negative sign . not been to see me ? ” the young man , “ will you be so good as to tell	115.3514404296875
me if it be true that cardinal mazarin is no longer minister ? ” , so my company can ’ t do without me ; there ! ” andrea , a little overcome , by the solemnity of bertuccio ’ s manner , “ why not ? ” athos had directed him to do . dear friend . ” about ? ” a blank to <unk> knew nothing more , not even the length of time he had been imprisoned . replied mazarin , trying to smile and biting his lips in the attempt , “ that our parts are changed , and that instead of these gentlemen being my prisoners i am theirs ; but , gentlemen , i warn you , unless you kill me ,	116.85338592529297
your victory will be of very short duration ; people will come to the rescue . ” remember , or may not <unk> we have promised not to lose sight of him . , striking a light hammer with a <unk> handle on a small gong . but less nimbly , showing plainly that this mode of <unk> was not one to which he was accustomed . , consisting of an immense <unk> , two pavilions at the bottom of the garden , and the garden itself , had been purchased by emmanuel , who had seen at a glance that he could make of it a profitable speculation . be the use of <unk> a woman up in the affair ? —what can she do in it	171.6524200439453
? ” not trust himself to speak : and raoul went away , his head uncovered . ? —he , the <unk> , before whom others were accustomed to <unk> , who had taken for his <unk> , repeated dantès ; “ why , how can you manage to do so ? ” of earth would not be so great that he could not overcome it . magnificent hotel situated on the very spot <unk> the <unk> now stands . , my lord , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ ’ tis not good to be about just here without a light . that he has brought his son to france to choose a wife . ” and d ’ artagnan found himself again in complete obscurity	85.77294158935547
. ” asked franz . it is , first . ” you remember , at the place royale . ” cried d ’ artagnan , who knew beforehand that he had not much to risk in <unk> himself thus . ratify the treaty proposed by the parisians . ’ ” ? ” said she . was sufficient to awaken the <unk> of the young man , the effect produced upon him by this vociferous mirth may be easily imagined . s <unk> , ” which la ramee had lent him , contrary to the orders of the governor ; and la ramee resolved never again to disobey these <unk> . these peaceful proceedings , sheathed their swords <unk> . , ” said the young man <unk> , pretending	99.16088104248047
to search for it . , my brave felton ; don ’ t you see what i told you ? sir , ” said the queen , “ to the point , and answer me , yes or no ; if the king persists in remaining in england will you send him succor ? spoiled , dear friend ; you are <unk> , your arm has no longer that movement of which the late cardinal ’ s guards have so many proofs . ” , that i may rely on the count ’ s promises ? ” with an air that seemed to say , “ your friend is decidedly mad . ” ” said the queen , “ what the count <unk> ” and she opened the	69.77837371826172
letter and read : was drawn up as to this affair , i suppose ? ” inquired the englishman . with whom i had quarreled , became reconciled to me at that ball . to be depended upon , i have him under my hand , monsieur , ” said m. dessessart , pointing to d ’ artagnan ; “ and as to the four or five volunteers , monsieur has but to make his intentions known , and the men will not be wanting . ” thanks . fresh and smiling <unk> of <unk> , been honored with a <unk> or more scrupulous worship than that which was paid to her in this little enclosure . with sincere pity the young man ’ s paroxysm of grief	132.9749298095703
, approached him . enemy , but is not yours , sire ; on the contrary , she is a devoted , submissive , and irreproachable wife . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ give your swords to monsieur mouston , who will return them to you at the proper time and place , and do not forget you are our prisoners . ” maximilian ; “ particularly as i have business in that quarter . ” more value , it seems , than i do to mine ; at least , i have thought so . ” the fight , ” resumed the duke , “ i fancied you had about twenty men with you , so i came back with those around me , tired	85.10658264160156
of always running away , and wishing to draw my sword in my own cause ; but you are only two . ” like to eat ? ” no grottos at monte cristo ? ” he asked . this piece of wood when he heard faria , who had remained in edmond ’ s cell for the purpose of cutting a <unk> to secure their rope-ladder , call to him in a tone <unk> of great suffering . he quickly . mme . said albert , extending his hand ; “ i swear i will not . ” caderousse , “ i had <unk> ” he , throwing his sword upon the bed , “ this man must be the devil in person ; he has disappeared like	76.81475830078125
a phantom , like a shade , like a <unk> . ” time , rewards of merit , <unk> , crosses , <unk> <unk> , if they do not lead society towards more complete perfection ? monarch now are at low water . and had you not come i must have set off without you , for general cromwell expects my return impatiently . ” . said monte cristo , well acquainted with ali ’ s <unk> ; “ you mean to tell me that three female attendants await their new mistress in her <unk> . ” to my health . ” . count , in a contemptuous tone , “ do not tell me of european <unk> , they are in the infancy , or rather the	136.1105499267578
old age , of cruelty . ” said de guiche , “ confess well that brave man ; and be not concerned for your expenses or for those of your mule ; all is paid . ” room , he plays at tennis at the <unk> ? ” , valentine and morrel were walking <unk> on the seashore , valentine relating how monte cristo had appeared in her room , explained everything , revealed the crime , and , finally , how he had saved her life by <unk> her to <unk> death . fate is mine , to serve either as a victim or an enemy to all who are stronger than myself , while my only friend and <unk> is a living corpse ! de villefort	162.7074432373047
, ” said the king , “ come in . ” so bright as <unk> it through a glass of <unk> . ” every other remedy to restore movement and speech to m. noirtier , i resolved to try one last means , and for three months i have been giving him brucine ; so that in the last dose i ordered for him there were six <unk> . this only , a scrap of paper on which spada had written : — ‘ i bequeath to my beloved nephew my coffers , my books , and , amongst others , my breviary with the gold corners , which i beg he will preserve in remembrance of his affectionate uncle . ’ so well that i ought to	191.9236602783203
allow you all the time you require for your own . by the side of the bed , which death had converted into an altar . ” in the circle of the musketeers , to win in one night three thousand pistoles ; to lose them even to the <unk> belt for gala days , win all this again with the addition of a hundred louis , without his beautiful <unk> being heightened or lowered half a line , without his hands losing their pearly hue , without his conversation , which was cheerful that evening , ceasing to be calm and agreeable . of any interest that your heroic deputy could possibly have had in the destruction of that letter ? ” , ” answered the gascon	191.78497314453125
. it , ” replied d ’ artagnan . ; for the last week m. de villefort has secluded himself . all that is possible , father , to meet this <unk> result ? ” asked the young man , after a moment ’ s pause . replied porthos , “ it would be imprudent to attempt the same manoeuvre again ; it is said that no man can succeed twice in the same way , and a failure would be <unk> . . my eyes , nor is there fever in my veins , yet i see you <unk> , maximilian , whom i love as my own son . ” replied aramis . uses ! ” d ’ artagnan , “ day is <unk> . seemed	56.81463623046875
completely bewildered . <unk> the breach between those whom monsieur d ’ herblay chooses to receive with a rope ladder and those whom he receives with a wooden ladder , i could have spoken out . ” , ” said the captain , “ we have reached it . ” with fifty light horse , not so much by way of guard as to show the deputies how readily the queen ’ s generals dispersed their troops and to prove that they might be safely scattered at pleasure . years ago ; but now to die would be , indeed , to give way to the sarcasm of destiny . really are attached to your old mode of dress ; you can easily resume it when you leave	220.79052734375
paris . ” m. morrel , i shall always have the greatest respect for those who possess the owners ’ confidence . ” perhaps , ” he muttered . a league in four or five minutes . advanced in haste to receive the queen of england . spoke to m. de tréville of the exploit of the morning , which was the talk of the whole camp . immediately , and although it was three o ’ clock in the morning and he had some of the worst quarters of paris to traverse , he met with no <unk> . , preserved a graceful <unk> of demeanor , aided by a certain degree of simplicity he could assume at pleasure , and thus possessed the advantage . ,	94.17292022705078
you would like to help me , but—— ” that it penetrated the heart of mazarin , who , reading in it a declaration of war , seized d ’ artagnan by the arm and said : guilty whose honor is at the sport of others , sir ? this horrible sight ; he felt that he had passed beyond the bounds of vengeance , and that he could no longer say , “ god is for and with me. ” with an expression of indescribable anguish he threw himself upon the body of the child , reopened its eyes , felt its pulse , and then rushed with him into valentine ’ s room , of which he double-locked the door . described had taken place within	143.1034393310547
a half hour . not remember the name of the hotel . ” the four friends is <unk> ’ ” the innkeeper shivered . ? pages were covered with closely written words . yes . you , it is because he wants you . name of heaven ! ” said the wounded man , collecting all his forces , as if to get up , “ let us not lose time in useless words . begun to follow , or rather to advance before the boat . took his hat , as if it had been his intention to obey , then , opening quickly the door of a large closet instead of that leading to the staircase , he buried himself amid the robes and dressing <unk>	113.20133209228516
of milady . forty to forty-five years , but he seemed at least fifty , and his black moustache and eyebrows contrasted strangely with his almost white hair , which was cut short , in the military fashion . king should deign to stand godfather to the son of madame de longueville . ” of certain <unk> and fears he may be <unk> ” and the musketeer narrated to his friend planchet ’ s adventure . creation . was stopped on noirtier ’ s lips , seemed to start from his eyes . , ” said porthos , “ we have not been <unk> . ” band of brigands that had established itself in the <unk> mountains began to be much spoken of . leaned her beautiful hand	139.64547729492188
upon a <unk> , which hand appeared then like one of wax , and looking at the king with terror in her eyes , she was unable to reply by a single syllable . the brigadier , stopping the servant , “ the person who is ringing appears to want something more than a waiter ; we will attend upon him with a gendarme . it signify to you if the castle of yanina was given up by a french officer ? ” signor pastrini looking very much alarmed , and this had only made him the more anxious to read albert ’ s letter ; and so he went instantly towards the waxlight , and unfolded it . which those only can conceive who have heard the	161.00888061523438
roar of a wounded lion . made in loading his pistols , and his servant in loading his musketoon . took his book , closed it and went to lay it down on the table , near which he continued standing , in order that mazarin might be obliged to stand also . news to you ? ” . ” sir . ” courageous and firm , shivered in spite of herself . will , i trust , be amply satisfied on this point at least . ” found an <unk> scaffold , over which they were <unk> a covering of black <unk> . allowed , ” said morcerf , “ to pay my respects to mademoiselle danglars ? ” open the door , and if he is	110.01763916015625
too far gone in his madness , well , we will kill him ! ” you feeling ? ” , ” said valentine ; “ it is because you love me. ” the old man assented . the count of monte cristo , illustrated for obtaining a copy of or access to a project gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement , you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.e.8 . in pushing the bolt , milady turned round . on the mother ’ s side . this poison in the case of poor barrois as well as in that of madame de saint-méran	103.23463439941406
. the blow and discharged a terrible look at d ’ artagnan , who responded by the most amiable expression that ever <unk> a human countenance . witness a spectacle calculated to break down your pride . , athos , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ upon my word , you are mad . ” by the authorities that a celebrated <unk> of bad money would arrive at my inn , with several of his companions , all disguised as guards or musketeers . to be done ? ” ; on reaching the top of the bank , she slipped and fell upon her knees . , like the <unk> of <unk> , shared the sadness of their masters . , ” said athos . to arrest	92.72178649902344
the count as a vagabond , on the pretext of his being too rich . ” sir , you will allow , ” replied madame danglars , “ that , even if the fault were alone mine , i last night received a severe punishment for it . ” ” his english , masters of the isle of ré , continued to <unk> , but without success , the <unk> st. martin and the fort of la <unk> ; and hostilities with la rochelle had commenced , two or three days before , about a fort which the duc d ’ angoulême had caused to be constructed near the city . , then , did you cry out so ? ” is altered for the better , then	138.91989135742188
? ” franz , “ the corsican bandits that were among the crew of his vessel ? ” , then , to recall another to you ? ” and agile as <unk> , were too much like domestic goats , and franz could not consider them as game . monte cristo , “ my <unk> may blind me , but i assure you i consider morcerf a charming young man who will render your daughter happy and will sooner or later attain a certain amount of distinction , and his father ’ s position is good . ” , ” he exclaimed in a low voice , “ i unite with m. morrel in demanding justice for crime ; my blood <unk> at the idea of having encouraged	136.31436157226562
a murderer by my cowardly <unk> . ” the instant he saw the duke ’ s finger press the trigger and the ball passed without touching him . cried madame de chevreuse , seizing his hand and trying to put it to her lips ; “ you have a noble heart . ” i wish to see my son-in-law . with his usual gallantry . yes , cruelly ! ” comprehend the length of the conversation . ” place where it was not very cold , ” replied porthos , giving his mustache a twist which was peculiar to him . <unk> , and well worthy of those who know not what a gentleman is ; you frighten me not , executioner ’ s axe , ” added	96.3228988647461
he , touching it with the cane which he held in his hand , “ and i strike you now , waiting patiently and <unk> for you to return the blow . ” . ” ” exclaimed athos , smiling , “ you have a duel in prospect . ” ” said m. noirtier , stretching himself out at his ease in the chair . , sir ? ” repeated the agitated mother . those heavy <unk> , drawn by <unk> , which carry the wood cut in the fine forests of the country to the ports of the loire , came out of a <unk> full of <unk> and turned on that which the two horsemen were following . some fine things in our time and we	87.41862487792969
gave that poor cardinal a few threads to unravel . ” , do you think that can be possible ? ” , these swords should be devoted to the service of your eminence , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i shall venture to express a wish , which is , that in its turn the purse of your eminence may become light and theirs <unk> with these three men your eminence may rouse all europe if you like . ” ” interrupted d ’ artagnan ; “ become a frondist , my friend , belong to the fronde , and remember that i fill the count ’ s place in everything ; ” and he <unk> his money . sent an electric shock through the young	100.23087310791016
man on the other side of the iron gate , to whom valentine ’ s _ “ i am coming ” _ was the customary signal of farewell . athos . , she in <unk> the furniture in her efforts to get at him , he in <unk> himself behind the furniture to keep out of her reach , kitty opened the door . the room , pale with anger ; her self-control , however , was so great that it might have been imagined that she was calm . , or may the devil take me . but i looked through the keyhole , and saw him so pale and haggard , that believing him very ill , i went and told m. morrel and then ran	130.22921752929688
on to mercédès . hurry to join you and took the road you had already gone by . bernajoux was known to all the world , d ’ artagnan alone <unk> , perhaps ; for it was one of those which figured most frequently in the daily <unk> which all the edicts of the cardinal could not repress . today , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but here , i ’ ll pay you for us two . ” we have lost too much already . ” looked upon as dangerous . of every kind as there are caprices and peculiarities in the physical and moral nature of humanity ; and i will say <unk> art of these chemists is capable with the utmost precision to	137.6644287109375
<unk> and proportion the remedy and the <unk> to <unk> for love or desires for vengeance . ” toward them . it was the hat and cloak belonging to monsieur de gondy ’ s coachman . after her with a gloomy air . caresses , dignities on <unk> , who ruined her ; the king made vitry marechal of france for an assassination : while i have left in obscurity , in poverty , the noble d ’ artagnan , who saved me ! ” ” cried porthos . believe ? ” his voice was stifled by sobs . i shall forget it . ” , in the <unk> of <unk> life is an eternal <unk> of our <unk> cast into the sea my useless <unk> , that	123.20074462890625
is all , and i remain with my own will , disposed to live perfectly alone , and consequently perfectly free . ” say , dear d ’ artagnan , that it is the queen who has made choice of the convent for her ? ” fortune to meet you , i beg you to receive them , and to hold me always as one of your friends . ” the strange events which had crowded one on the other , an indefinable sentiment of dread had taken possession of valentine ’ s mind . pity ! ” murmured villefort , wringing his hands . with , stupid ? , ” said he , lowering the point of his spit , “ where is this letter ? ”	84.14447021484375
youth , ” said the jesuit . dress was more distinctly visible by the bright rays of the moon , which , entering through the broken ceiling , shed their <unk> beams on feet <unk> in elegantly made boots of polished leather , over which descended <unk> cut trousers of black cloth . , ” said he , “ you have no objection to make . ” the grating with a board . ” athos to the waters of forges , where my friends still remain . ” ; i must tell you that the confectioner who lived opposite the <unk> marteau , as they called <unk> ” believe all that the <unk> musketeer had told him , convinced that no friendship will hold out against a surprised	173.11512756347656
secret . my officer , and i will tell you all . ” d ’ artagnan proceeded to draw his sword in earnest , he found himself purely and simply armed with a <unk> of a sword about eight or ten inches in length , which the host had carefully placed in the scabbard . ” had come up , waved his hand to athos , and then turning toward d ’ artagnan , stood quite astonished . _mazzolato_ , the second <unk> ’ yes , ” continued the count , “ it was at first arranged in this way ; but i think since yesterday some change has taken place in the order of the ceremony . ” as a name of terror at the palais royal	78.37033081054688
. at the louvre ; as he entered the wicket of l ’ echelle , ten o ’ clock struck . ? ” all . ” had had recourse to a great deal of <unk> to maintain his position . to your idea , then , my brain is turned . villefort ; “ you can now have confidence in me after what i have done . ” de winter , my protector , my father , ” asked felton , “ possibly be mixed up with all this ? ” sir , ” and the sailor took from his coat a handkerchief , tied at each corner . of my being tired when you ordered me to go to the palace to-day to pass the odious <unk>	82.1669692993164
which have raised the people to rebellion . ” de villefort of the impertinence of his servants . ” ? ” continued gondy , turning to the curate of st. sulpice . the persons we quit and those we meet afterwards . about his wife in paris ; another ten minutes about his daughter travelling with mademoiselle d ’ armilly ; the same period was given to his creditors , and the manner in which he intended <unk> their money ; and then , having no subject left for contemplation , he shut his eyes , and fell asleep . , madame , on different subjects ; of <unk> , of raphael , of manners , customs , of the famous _aqua tofana_ , of which they had	147.0556182861328
told you , i think you said , that certain individuals in perugia had preserved the secret . ” said morrel , “ leave me alone , and endeavor to keep your mother and sister away . ” , ” said danglars , “ shall be most happy to receive you . ” cried she , “ is it you ? signor pastrini , “ that you will go out by one , but i very much doubt your returning by the other . ” <unk> myself . ” it up ; he broke it . ” said monte cristo ; “ you wish to tell me you have hunted the lion ? ” you have conquered . ” eyes gradually resumed their dull and <unk> appearance and	67.57478332519531
he fell into a profound reverie . paris , danglars ’ heart failed him , and he lived in constant fear of dantès ’ return on a mission of vengeance . deal of fatigue , remember , and a little rest will do no harm . ” ! ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . an opening in another direction from that which has so unfortunately failed ? ” was opened . the hand . than they ; it is they who , on the contrary , overcome fate . of god led my steps to thee and that he also enables me to quit thee in triumph ; the secret cause of my presence within thy walls i have confided alone to him who only has	159.04931640625
had the power to read my heart . mild light which <unk> the foliage of two or three <unk> trees which formed a group outside the park . carriage ? ” he asked the sergeant . to enter this enclosure to exchange a few words with you through this <unk> be close to you without really seeing <unk> i ever asked so much as to touch the hem of your gown or tried to pass this barrier which is but a trifle to one of my youth and strength ? nuptial present he made his wife , and it is magnificent . you wrote to me , i had this woman arrested , and gave her in charge to a loyal servant . with regard to the maréchale	220.62655639648438
d ’ ancre ? ” cried the king , in the highest state of <unk> ; “ first her closets were thoroughly searched , and then she herself . ” olivain . ” years with m. noirtier , and let him tell you if ever once , during that time , he has entertained a thought which he was unable to make me understand . ” well , ” said the major , who was in <unk> at the attention paid him by the count . athos , <unk> ; “ royal honors to one whom they have murdered ! ” ” said athos . anyone that sudden and irresistible sympathy which made you feel as if the object of it had been your old and familiar friend	96.37403869628906
, though , in reality , it was the first time you had ever met ? think so ; we appointed to meet at la chevrette . ” ” said the inspector in a low tone , “ had i not been told beforehand that this man was mad , i should believe what he says . ” fine opportunity you have chosen ! ” exclaimed andrea ; “ you speak to me before my servant . ” took a portion of that precious time which was gliding away so <unk> they had agreed to meet once a week , about one o ’ clock , at the residence of athos , seeing that he , in agreement with the vow he had formed , did not pass	87.8198013305664
over the threshold of his door . sir , ” she answered ; “ but you know , things impress us differently , according to the mood of our <unk> ” villefort forced a laugh . , ” said maximilian , stopping at a short distance , “ i do not intend to render another man responsible for the rigorous fate reserved for me . ? ” cried athos , astonished . his face ? ” asked athos . said the prince ; “ give it to me later . he , “ i made a vow , to our lady of the grotto not to cut my hair or beard for ten years if i were saved in a moment of danger ; but today the vow	104.86504364013672
<unk> . ” <unk> tavern , and the host , who recognized him , was delighted to see him again with such a numerous and promising company . you overwhelm me with that coolness . poisoner succeeded in <unk> her way to the door , and reached her room in an agony of fear . are going to , ” replied d ’ artagnan , pointing to grimaud , who had already climbed some five or six feet from the ground . there was no reply there was a moment of silence . short and <unk> , that sort of lackey , dressed in dark clothes , treated without ceremony by the men wearing swords who composed the escort , was bonacieux himself . are the indifferent races	133.8584442138672
at the champ-de-mars and <unk> . who stands in your way . ” go and see mercédès , and afterwards come to me . ” i can refuse nothing has come to demand you . ” to have been the cause of your undergoing such severe <unk> ; let us drop the subject , and adopt the middle course of delay , which <unk> neither a rupture nor an engagement . hands of my enemies , ” continued she , with that tone of enthusiasm which she knew was familiar to the puritans . that he hoped the beverage would be mortal , and that he sought for death to deliver him from a duty which he would rather die than fulfil . ” an instant on the	135.75851440429688
lips of d ’ artagnan . ; they must be good animals , then . ” , ” continued athos , “ what is the penalty you demand against this woman ? ” ? ” d ’ artagnan , piqued , “ and thanks to my eyes , i can see what other people can not see . ” m sure , ” said morcerf , “ this is indeed news ! white dress and so many <unk> fair one . ” tavern , <unk> street . story , during which the count ’ s heart had swelled within him , when emmanuel entered wearing a hat and coat . their present work , and which would have entirely <unk> up the old passage , was thrown ,	80.4056167602539
by degrees and with the utmost precaution , out of the window in either faria ’ s or dantès ’ cell , the <unk> being first <unk> so finely that the night wind carried it far away without permitting the smallest trace to remain . live honored and pure ; you shall live to triumph over your enemies . ” her senses we were before the <unk> . muttered to himself , “ this changes the situation , and if there is still a crowd of people in the streets we will try to show mazarin that we are still , thank god , good for something else than keeping guard over a prisoner ; ” and he jumped into the carriage with the alacrity of a man	221.4581756591797
of five-and-twenty . cried d ’ artagnan , rising from the table , the story of the present day making him forget that of the preceding one . and am no melancholy hero . ? ” your desk , ” said monte cristo , pointing with his finger to the pistols on the table . mazarin , “ the time has come to put to use your talents and your valor . ” appears to have devoted that house to god ’ s <unk> , who says your supposition is not reality ? at the corner of the rue du <unk> , and if you are so long absent as to make me uneasy , i will hasten to rejoin you , and woe to him of whom	84.33586883544922
you shall have cause to complain to me ! ” at my house , just after his introduction into the world , as they told me . such reproaches , for he listened to me calm and smiling , with his arms crossed over his breast . exacting , it seems to me . , i beg . ” ! ” cried one of them , in very good french , though with a foreign accent , “ that this madman will not allow these good people access to their own wine ! , ” replied the executioner . possession of 900,000 francs ? ” asked the notary . gone to bed . , the parisians arose with joy ; at that period a te deum was a	100.281494140625
grand affair ; this kind of ceremony had not then been abused and it produced a great effect . well dressed for the first time in his life . ” society a great kindness . ” . ’ had flourished , or was still <unk> , on their brow , that is seen on the brow of the culprit in your house . ” of a lamp , similar to that which lighted the columbarium , albert was to be seen wrapped up in a cloak which one of the bandits had lent him , lying in a corner in profound slumber . being able to extricate himself from his position , provided he were not <unk> at the unreasonable sum of <unk> francs , he stretched himself	134.3292999267578
on his bed , and after turning over two or three times , fell asleep with the tranquillity of the hero whose life luigi vampa was studying . danglars , in the most natural tone in the world . destroyed all my hopes . monsieur . ” you think ? ” replied the young man . la fere , sire , ” said aramis . that will lead you , if i mistake not , to the place de <unk> . switch with a nail at the end of it , with which he urged on his slow <unk> , was walking with the cart . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ you have at some wicket of the louvre a _concierge_ who is devoted to you	69.68208312988281
, and who , thanks to a password , <unk> ” own conscience was not quite clear on politics ; besides , what dantès had told him of his interview with the grand-marshal , and what the emperor had said to him , embarrassed him . i am the happiest of men ! ” , with great pleasure ! and phlegmatic as he was , he burst into a laugh which was quite excused by the strange masquerade before his <unk> falling over his shoes , sleeves <unk> up , and mustaches stiff with agitation . ” ? ” said he . , know in what manner fernand injured dantès ? ” inquired the abbé of caderousse . was obeying his master ’ s command . ; but	135.13623046875
god has supplied man with the intelligence that enables him to overcome the <unk> of natural conditions . do you desire it to be ? ” and , in a few hours , will be executed ; it must be so , and i will not endeavor to prevent it . ” the door , and doing his utmost to restrain his anger he went at once to find beauchamp , who was in his office . and turned around with tears in his eyes . felton , “ it is nothing . ” , and a convulsive trembling shook all his limbs . as they were in a flood of brilliant light , which illumined the sea for the space of a league , they might each	87.18912506103516
be seen , each by his own peculiar attitude and manner expressing the awe which , even in their hearts of bronze , they could not help <unk> . through the rue richelieu last year , who amused himself with killing his brothers and <unk> by <unk> pins in their ears while they slept . the valet entered the chamber . particular the man to whom this letter is addressed . the letter containing the accusation , at least , ” said villefort : matter ? ” street replied by a single <unk> , and the shutter was opened a little way . his sword , which was hanging on the wall ; aramis seized his knife ; d ’ artagnan arose . <unk> three ships , he	156.66586303710938
meditates some project , which , however mad , is yet , perhaps , terrible . that he stated to m. danglars his intention of only staying a year in paris , during which time he proposed to spend six millions . about being late , ” replied the stranger in purest tuscan ; “ ’ tis i who am too soon . said he ; “ he will never guess what all this means . was caught between two fires , but he was brave and made up his mind to die where he was . he , “ do you suppose for a moment that a man can sustain a physical shock , such as m. noirtier has received , without any <unk> to his mental	150.22183227539062
faculties ? ” friend porthos . you , my lord , that i shall see no one . ” ” holds terrestrial beings under his control ? obey her she looked upon it as a declaration of war , and as she <unk> you a man of superior talent , and consequently dangerous , she desired me to make sure of you ; that is the reason of your being shut up in the bastile . , with her hair in disorder , she appeared like a horrid image of terror . of her own , and hates me for being so richly endowed . long guns inlaid with <unk> and silver , and cartridges in great numbers were lying scattered on the floor . for that would	159.08853149414062
only betoken for us seven years of plenty and seven years of <unk> ; and with a king as full of foresight as your majesty , <unk> is not a thing to be feared . ” so near and consequently so threatening , as when he has completely disappeared . monseigneur , a scoundrel ! ” ” he asked himself . maximilian ; if by <unk> , by entreaty , by <unk> short , if by any means i can delay this marriage , will you wait ? ” , for him at once more than he would have dared to ask of providence . , ” athos resumed , “ of porthos ; have you persuaded him to seek his fortune ? know , and family scenes	120.3359603881836
have not much effect on sinbad the sailor , who has seen so many others . when she was plunged in the deepest and darkest of these reflections that the door of the chamber opened , and the king entered . quite started from their chairs . ; i have served always in the infantry . the march was resumed in the same order as the night before , except that d ’ artagnan left his friends and began to renew the acquaintance which he had already struck up with monsieur groslow . fortune also ? ” inquired the abbé , with an ironical smile . he pretended not to do so and tried to continue his road . can retire , m. bertuccio ; i need you	122.23628234863281
no longer . ” . alighted at the door of an <unk> , recommended by a sign representing st. martin giving half his cloak to a poor man . asked hermine , trembling violently . ” the king , “ i was unjust ; here is a creature that loves me . cristo , the very same in whose house we are . ” and went away to execute the orders thus received . , and in three days you will be like him , mad enough to tie up ; but , fortunately , there are dungeons here . ” have stayed with his mother for four days at tréport , it would have been a condescension or a martyrdom , while i return , more contented	134.5300750732422
, more <unk> i say more poetic ! <unk> if i had taken queen <unk> or <unk> as my companion . ” and uttered a cry of terror on beholding a man before her . and if you will wait only a few minutes for me , as soon as i have concluded my business with that friend , as it is growing late , i will come back and <unk> you to the louvre . ” had discovered a silver mine in the mountains of thessaly , but he had been careful to conceal it from everyone . , i think , be conducted by the respective fathers of the young people . ” , and strove to sleep ; but my head <unk> and i got	101.33719635009766
up to have a ride for an hour . m. debray , because i have no friends now , and i ought not to have any . said the traveller , ‘ take these two venetian sequins and give them to your bride , to make herself a pair of <unk> . ’ , who have passed twenty years between life and death ? musketeers and their companion to be with him at half past six in the morning . surprise to another . fellow , ” he muttered , shaking his head ; “ i said at the time he would create a sensation here , and i measure his effect by an infallible <unk> . man , ill made and awkward with his hands in <unk>	127.84854125976562
drawing a sword and firing a <unk> something haughty and contemptuous in his face . is he ? ’ — ‘ he is here . ’ darkness having brought any accident . across one , return for me. ” the patron shook his head . know where the <unk> de chevreuse and the duke of buckingham are now concealed ? ” the youth as if he had been his own son . kind , and good you are ; you affect this gayety to inspire me with courage . ” by passing his arm round her waist ; but as he felt by her weight she was on the point of fainting , he made haste to reassure her by protestations of devotedness . she had loved so	172.9125213623047
much was in great danger , the queen , when his death was announced to her , would not believe the fact , and even imprudently exclaimed , “ it is false ; he has just written to me ! ” , and continued : upon a gentleman , has his letters stolen from him by means of a traitor , a brigand , a <unk> , with the help of this spy and thanks to this correspondence , chalais ’ s throat cut , under the stupid pretext that he wanted to kill the king and marry monsieur to the queen ! ” replied caderousse , “ i don ’ t know but what you ’ re right ! ” the action of one throwing the lasso	115.73385620117188
, then of a strangled lion . aramis , “ you speak to the point . went on , looked at him with increasing astonishment . on the linen ? ” said monte cristo . morrel , “ it is true ; i have but now left a house where death has just entered , to run to you . ” in a moment relinquish the respect , the confidence , and pride with which a father ’ s <unk> name inspires a son . they went with their four lackeys to a spot behind the luxembourg given up to the feeding of goats . murmured mme . ’ s envoy desired to retain his incognito . said she , shrugging her shoulders , “ i am not	103.81822967529297
ill ; i am <unk> is all . ” the happiest life possible , the real life of a pasha . my boy ; now i have found you , nothing prevents my being as <unk> as anyone , knowing , as i do , the goodness of your heart . , that ’ s right , dantès ! going to versailles , and i was not deceived . gold in his hat , and in going back to the chateau settled the reckoning with porthos , each of them had cleared two hundred and fifteen louis . three duels with him , ” said the englishman , “ the first with the pistol , the second with the sword , and the third with the sabre .	111.9702377319336
” and <unk> , passed all the world in review ; the queen herself was not spared , and cardinal mazarin came in for his share of ridicule . of the count of monte cristo ! ” exclaimed the procureur , with a haggard expression . the old man . ” cried milady , with an incredible tone of <unk> , “ you are not his accomplice ; you do not know that he <unk> me to a disgrace which all the <unk> of the world can not equal in horror ? ” , that the minister of police is greatly deceived or i am ; and as it is impossible it can be the minister of police as he has the guardianship of the safety and honor	82.03813171386719
of your majesty , it is probable that i am in error . about to retire ; but when he reached the door , he paused , and then said , “ at what o ’ clock does your excellency wish the carriage and horses to be ready ? ” know nothing , as yet ; when you have finished your story , god and i will judge . ” alley leading out of the rue saint-jacques . ; take the <unk> from the fireplace and strike three times on the floor . ” said the duchess , giving him a letter , “ here is what i promised you ; our young friend will be extremely well received . ” the assassin , and will pursue him	85.66780853271484
. ” this sound could proceed . ” said porthos . which is the present , you may <unk> . said athos , with a <unk> burst of laughter , “ guess what she had on her shoulder . ” said he , smiling , “ pardon me my dear compatriot , but i had wholly forgotten you . , ” said the new <unk> . , ” answered the young man , much moved . carried off 3,000 crowns from here the other day ? ” said , — “ i was there ; ” at the same time pointing to the corner of a street . if the memory of my brother were not sacred to me , you should <unk> in a state dungeon or	73.18041229248047
satisfy the curiosity of sailors at tyburn . i regret d ’ artagnan . ” <unk> behind a door or an affrighted <unk> fled precipitately from the midst of the pavement to take refuge behind a pile of <unk> , from which retreat her eyes would shine like <unk> . a <unk> between my chamber and milady ’ s ; every word that is uttered in one can be heard in the other . ” , and sent parry to ask the sentinel to beg the workmen to strike more gently and not disturb the last slumber of one who had been their king . horse for the last time , and at nine o ’ clock galloped into the yard of tréville ’ s hôtel . be	150.94403076171875
able to frighten porthos with the adventure of the baldric , which he might , if not killed upon the spot , relate to everybody a recital which , well managed , would cover porthos with ridicule . ready . till the hour for dinner . you may take my word when i tell you anything . results of your quarrel ? ” said the cardinal , knitting his brow . strong inward effort , like a man who , in the full relation of a falsehood , finds himself stopped by some unforeseen obstacle ; but the eyes of his three companions were fixed upon him , their ears were wide open , and there were no means of retreat . age , seemed to have the	147.2593231201172
former one under her charge , and was cold , dry and <unk> true type of a <unk> or a <unk> . on seeing you in company with these <unk> was afraid you were dangerously ill . ” said caderousse ; ‘ and now , although you have <unk> us of perhaps <unk> francs , will you have your supper with us ? ’ artagnan . ” ” not belong to him ; because , as i have told you , it has to do with a great queen . ” . , d ’ artagnan . ” the heart he let go the <unk> and dropped with a groan . will excuse the two or three seconds i am <unk> ; five hundred leagues are not to	78.75404357910156
be accomplished without some trouble , and especially in france , where , it seems , it is forbidden to beat the <unk> . ” in <unk> . a cavalier mounted on a magnificent black horse , who was charging at the head of the english regiment , of which , in his ardor , he was ten steps in advance . , ” said the curate , “ till tomorrow . ” who saw that would be a means of his remaining alone with noirtier , expressed his opinion that it was the best thing that could be done ; but he forbade that anything should be given to her except what he ordered . honore and went up it toward the rue de la ferronnerie ;	103.58734893798828
there the aspect changed ; here it was the <unk> who were running from shop to shop ; their doors seemed closed like their shutters , but they were only pushed to in such a manner as to open and allow the men , who seemed fearful of showing what they carried , to enter , closing immediately . created from several printed editions , all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included . a man like that cursed d ’ artagnan . as ardently as you say ? ’ me a ring . is the proof of weakness . he , “ here we are , at the last act of the tragedy . wife .	237.2285919189453
” you are a model <unk> , ” said albert “ good-bye , we shall return on sunday . remembered that he himself would have charge of the food and the wine and therefore that no powder could be mixed with the food , no drug with the wine . for uneasiness ; monte cristo had promised him that valentine should live , and so far he had always fulfilled his word . ” murmured d ’ avrigny , “ the most selfish of all animals , the most personal of all creatures , who believes the earth turns , the sun shines , and death strikes for him alone , —an <unk> cursing god from the top of a blade of grass ! give way to her	179.3931884765625
transports without being observed . not made you wait too long , sir , ” said the duke ; “ at all events , here i am . ” ; mme . times that it was surprising that linen drapers should live in such houses as those , in houses that had no signs ; but she always laughed at me . cried , “ are the prisoners still there ? ” . which valentine and madame de villefort had just quitted . it ; what i heard of his symptoms <unk> too well with what i have seen in the other <unk> ” villefort ceased to contend ; he only groaned . but you did not answer me ; i wished to follow you , but my	122.12371826171875
horse was too much fatigued to go at the same pace with yours . honor , not to inform him of our return . ” they joined the escort . , and replied coldly : officer making his night rounds , ” said athos . the englishman as if he were slow of comprehension . , “ go instantly to the lord chancellor , and tell him that i charge him with the execution of these orders . with four ? ” ” burn that house , as they burned that of the marechal d ’ ancre . porthos the substance of his interview with the cardinal , and said , taking the commission from his pocket , “ here , my friend , write your name upon	122.97296142578125
it and become my chief . ” courier to pontoise to say the <unk> would arrive at six o ’ clock . , ” he continued , giving planchet his expected title , “ take notice that one of the three men who just now went out from here told me privately to distrust these gentlemen . ” ” d ’ artagnan said to him , “ i am pleased to find one with whom to talk in my own poor tongue . morrel ; “ it is not the first time you have contemplated our present position , which is a serious and urgent one ; i do not think it is a moment to give way to useless sorrow ; leave that for those who like	117.29328918457031
to suffer at their leisure and indulge their grief in secret . instead of you ? black <unk> , and now they looked like birds <unk> the surface of the waves . he could not have been more overwhelmed if a thunderbolt had fallen at his feet and opened an immense gulf before him . ? quickly as you can ; draw out one of the feet that support the bed ; you will find it has been hollowed out for the purpose of containing a small phial you will see there <unk> with a <unk> <unk> . the bedroom door , monte cristo expected that he was coming in , and raised one of his pistols ; but he simply heard the sound of the bolts <unk>	150.3496856689453
in their copper rings . a false opinion of me , ” added he , drawing himself up as if he would challenge both friends and enemies , “ i shall endeavor to correct his mistake . ” passed rapidly before the opening ; dantès seized his gun , sprang through the opening , and mounted the stair . , does it not , monsieur bonacieux ? ” ” which weighed several <unk> , have been lifted to this spot , without the aid of many men ? ball teresa was attired in her best , her most brilliant ornaments in her hair , and gayest glass beads , <unk> was in the costume of the women of <unk> . , who had consulted with aramis , spoke	171.84471130371094
to the poor wretch . kill himself , he would have done so when he parted from mercédès . ’ s surgeon arrived , quite terrified ; he was already on board the <unk> ’ s ship , where they had been obliged to seek him . of the vineyard ; the nephew expired at his own door , making signs which his wife could not comprehend . ” cried milady , suffocated by terror , her hair <unk> itself , and rising above her livid countenance as if alive . me ask , sir , have you ? —do you believe you have anything to do ? was dumb , blind , and deaf , and of <unk> fidelity . instance , was <unk> served by his	129.65811157226562
conscience after the putting away of the two children of edward iv . letter , madame , ” said the chancellor . talk of it until tomorrow ; but read this paper today . ” astonished , and mazarin approached the queen to speak to her , but at this moment a frightful tumult arose from the square of the palais royal . sword and marched as <unk> guard . out seven or eight months ago from your country to seek your fortune in the capital ? ” ” opened , like all the rest . , whence does he procure them ? ” and valentine remained alone beside the bed , for the procureur , overcome with astonishment at the unexpected death , had followed his wife	131.19654846191406
. dear du vallon , it is a great honor for the comte de la fere , and gives good reason to hope . olivain ’ s remarks , he continued to <unk> his steed more and more , and following a pleasant little path , leading to a ferry , and which he had been assured <unk> the journey by the distance of one league , he arrived at the summit of a hill and perceived the river flowing before him . , tears without end and solemn promises to remain <unk> of course on the part of the hostess . back . ” laughter . the room to go to madame de villefort ’ s , ” said he ; “ and in passing , as	94.50035095214844
she was thirsty , she drank what remained in the glass ; as for the decanter , master edward had emptied that to make a <unk> for his <unk> . ” you will seek buckingham . ” , ” said dantès , frowning in his turn ; “ i did not perceive that there were three of us. ” then , turning to mercédès , he inquired , “ who is this gentleman ? ” a step backward and raised his sword ; but bernajoux cried out that it was nothing , and rushing blindly upon him , absolutely <unk> himself upon d ’ artagnan ’ s sword . in a cordial manner to his young companion , and took leave of him . curate remaining for a	109.2690658569336
moment . franz , laughing , “ in token of your ingratitude . ” continuing that thesis ? ” waits , and in an hour i shall be far from you . and chosen body with which louis xiii . and it was an <unk> part to play , but i have said nothing either to the one or to the other . , too , ” said porthos , “ if d ’ artagnan <unk> of it . madame danglars , “ come and undress me . ” it , captain ; but perhaps i shall not be admitted to the grand-marshal ’ s presence as easily as you expect ? ’ return our best thanks for his courtesy . ” full information concerning my arrival ?	88.16136932373047
” and baptistin , springing from the box , inquired whether monsieur and madame herbault and monsieur maximilian morrel would see his excellency the count of monte cristo . , ” athos gently replied , “ but de winter sought us out in france and introduced us , monsieur d ’ herblay and myself , to madame henrietta . made you his heir , died in three hours of a strange disorder which left livid traces all over the body . know what was in that casket ? ” athos , still on the breach , “ another musket ! ” story . ” , we can try it. ” caderousse went to the window , touched the glass with it , and found it would cut .	177.45619201660156
madame , by my uniform , that i am an officer in the english navy , ” replied the young man . the young people whom valentine ’ s death had struck like a thunderbolt , and who , notwithstanding the <unk> <unk> of the season , could not refrain from paying a last <unk> to the memory of the beautiful , chaste , and adorable girl , thus cut off in the flower of her youth . the written order . with the <unk> peculiar to his nation ; and morrel , overwhelming him with grateful blessings , conducted him to the staircase . of la <unk> . . addressed ? ” he quitted the room , villefort and the doctor entered by an opposite door .	122.76515197753906
the contrary , knowest how to choose thy object and to gain it stealthily . ” the queen ; “ but his son ? ” of each other on the very border of the estate of pierrefonds , to which porthos escorted his friend . them a sign to go away , and i am convinced they would have left us in peace . ” the <unk> ? ” the count , “ i see that m. danglars is accustomed to play at gaining or losing 300,000 francs in a day ; he must be enormously rich . ” has not a fatal chance revealed all this ? , from twelve to fourteen years old , yellow in his hide , without a hair in his tail ,	118.46320343017578
but not without <unk> on his legs , which , though going with his head lower than his knees , rendering a <unk> quite unnecessary , contrived nevertheless to perform his eight leagues a day . to entertain a parcel of country <unk> because they think and <unk> with us , we should never dream of dining at home , i assure you . ” , ” said monte cristo . <unk> . i ’ m going to sleep , and i advise him , as a friend , to do the same . ” , all of you ! ” cried m. morrel ; “ i will take the first conveyance i find , and hurry to marseilles , whence i will bring you word how all	120.57869720458984
is going on . ” the world , ” said aramis and athos at once . , madame , ” answered monte cristo . glance around him . back in the coach . ; a title and promotion attach you to the government we wish to overturn . thing which grieves me , ” observed the major , “ and that is the necessity for my leaving paris so soon . ” ” turned away , sighing heavily . their horses with the bridles passed under their arms for fear of accident , and ate a morsel from their hands on the stones of the street , after they departed again . eight , ” then said aramis ; “ it is eight thousand that we want to	119.85566711425781
complete our outfits , toward which , it is true , we have already the saddles . ” to you , ” said athos , smiling ; “ it was my <unk> de <unk> when monsieur d ’ artagnan , two other gallant friends and myself performed some feats of arms at the siege of la rochelle , under the deceased cardinal and monsieur de bassompierre . lackey named grimaud ? ” persisted planchet , who had <unk> considered that he couldn ’ t have too much information . ” afraid i shall very much inconvenience you . ’ , my son , ” said anne of austria . . ” she said , “ is obliged in these <unk> days to inform the queen of all that	90.85150146484375
is happening from time to time , without exciting the curiosity or remarks of the court . ” herself <unk> you from your promise . ” ” ” said the count , pointing to the window . ? ” friends , i can tell you that . ” at what time is it her wish to start ? ” a plain , straightforward citizen , and turn to that side which offers the most advantages . ” too much . ” well , if you are afraid of his recovering ; for you know , if a wound in the head does not kill at once , it is cured in a week . ” , or you ’ re dead men . ” honor of an officer	104.14259338378906
; there is the half-pistole ; ” and he showed him the <unk> coin , but did not give it him . hard to please , <unk> , ” returned albert , “ did we not think him delightful . ” replied the duke . ” yonder ? ” you . , that sum ? ” , horses , guards , and perhaps even the prisoner were about to be torn to <unk> , when all at once a voice well known to raoul was heard , and suddenly a great sword glittered in the air ; at the same time the crowd opened , upset , trodden down , and an officer of the musketeers , striking and cutting right and left , rushed up to raoul	107.48101806640625
and took him in his arms just as he was about to fall . as good a horseman as he was to risk such a scheme , for no sooner had the animal felt the burning tinder than he uttered a cry of pain and <unk> and jumped as if he had been mad . commander , it is my duty to <unk> ” and springing backward , he broke his sword across his knee to avoid the necessity of <unk> it , threw the pieces over the convent wall , and crossed his arms , whistling a cardinalist air . ? ” lodged at rome ? ” said monte cristo smiling . refuse to dine with him ? ” said old dantès ; “ and did he	125.64270782470703
invite you to dine ? ” <unk> at that ceremony and that planchet should furnish the <unk> sugar <unk> . . <unk> ” they put the stone back in its place ; the abbé <unk> a little dust over it to conceal the traces of its having been removed , rubbed his foot well on it to make it assume the same appearance as the other , and then , going towards his bed , he removed it from the spot it stood in . one had touched <unk> a beautiful <unk> my father had planted the day i was born , which <unk> the spot . of it ? ” inquired mercédès eagerly . ’ s apartment while i was there . ” comminges , ” said	139.98709106445312
d ’ artagnan , “ you will find that my friend , monsieur du vallon , will go to the most fatal lengths if cardinal mazarin continues to provide us with this sort of meat ; mutton every day . ” legs , grimaud took a <unk> , tore it into <unk> and tied la ramee ’ s feet together . away from here ? exclaimed porthos ; “ there ’ s vulcan <unk> . ” the queen , who remarked this movement and his paleness . honors of the quadrille , and if she were envious of the count of san-felice ’ s daughter , we will not undertake to say that carmela was not jealous of her . , ” repeated louis ; “ very well	98.78974151611328
, madame . ” for the ball , whither all the entreaties of madame de villefort had failed in <unk> him to accompany them , the procureur had shut himself up in his study , according to his custom , with a heap of papers calculated to alarm anyone else , but which generally scarcely satisfied his <unk> desires . it is the custom , not from gallantry but prudence , that in time of war <unk> should be conducted to particular hôtels , in order that they may remain under the eye of the government until full information can be obtained about them . ” the room , this time by the centre door , but still as silently as before ; one might have fancied him	155.1492919921875
an apparition . his private room , and the englishman , on perceiving him , made a gesture of surprise , which seemed to indicate that it was not the first time he had been in his presence . respectful bow , was moving away , the count called him back . noise , like the <unk> of a cart , and followed by a cry of pain , was heard beneath the window . ” then ringing the bell once , “ <unk> ” said he to ali , who came immediately , “ take that to my <unk> . dying ? ” enter , ” said the queen . thing happen ? a large one ? ” , which he hailed ; he gave his address	107.0529556274414
to the driver , and springing in , threw himself on the seat , and gave loose to dreams of ambition . like queens . ” a <unk> less and a figure more on it . speaking of , harnessed to the count ’ s carriage ! ” plundered , were they ? and led the way . merely an affair of discipline and does not concern me , ” said the queen . mention those who aided and <unk> the deed , ” said caderousse . each other , fearing really to abuse the count ’ s kindness . cristo . ” said d ’ artagnan , laughing , “ it appears to me that from time to time you must make <unk> ” and he again	91.51303100585938
pointed to the bottles and the stewpans . how good you are ! ” ? ” asked the young man . glittered . me ? ” and replied to me by a sicilian proverb , which i believe is also a french proverb , ‘ my son , the world was not made in a <unk> in seven . me , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ if i knew where the duke of buckingham was , from taking him by the hand and conducting him to the queen , were it only to <unk> the cardinal , and if we could find means to play him a sharp turn , i vow that i would voluntarily risk my head in doing it . ” if you	78.29204559326172
want me , remember the rue tiquetonne , hotel de la chevrette . ” myself who is acquainted with the noble art of <unk> . eyes , and stretched forth his hands towards the open door ; but the door closed . above <unk> . ? ” sire , is quite out of the ordinary conditions of a duel . monte cristo “ you were a major ; that is the title the french give to the post which you filled in italy . ” said , “ at your advice i have made the trial . ” rich for me , ” replied morcerf , “ and that frightens me . ” only imagine things to torment honest people . ” she , throwing back her veil	104.74410247802734
, — “ yours , which i alone , perhaps , have not forgotten . <unk> that befell the house , cocles was the only one unmoved . <unk> dignity had both been so cruelly offended that she could not come round at the first advance ; but , <unk> by the advice of her women , she at last had the appearance of beginning to forget . very much to blame for talking thus to other men ; one would say he had never had to do with any but women and children . ” the high position in which she was placed , the more <unk> is her fall . cried buckingham , “ i really think he threatens me ! ” , and <unk> awaits	166.7393341064453
you ! ” die with hunger . ’ ” come with me . ” connected with newspapers , here is the <unk> to the famous <unk> of the <unk> . ” when are we to go ? ” asked athos . tent the former was awaiting him . he , “ if you came to me with the idea of demanding satisfaction , you should have gone at once to the point , and not have entertained me with the idle conversation to which i have been patiently listening for the last half hour . athos , trying to smile in his turn . steps , and , clasping his hands , exclaimed , with real amazement and sympathy , “ dead ? —and so soon too !	103.86031341552734
” friends , what matters ? ” after another , the cells and dungeons of several of the prisoners , whose good <unk> or stupidity recommended them to the <unk> of the government . is a merchant , placed me with his correspondent , who in turn sent his son to join our house in london . ” . the marvellous grottos , but they had suddenly <unk> , and now the path became a labyrinth , and then the entrance vanished , and in vain did he tax his memory for the magic and mysterious word which opened the splendid <unk> of ali baba to the arabian fisherman . think of what you ’ re about to do , and beware of going too far ! ”	194.4892120361328
his heart , the more certainly he would avenge her . a duty had sustained them . head , allowed the torrent to flow on without replying , hoping that it would cease of itself ; but this was not what louis xiii . with surprise . them by merely <unk> . bertuccio relative to the <unk> and <unk> he desired to make in the house , the count , drawing out his watch , said to the attentive nubian : anxious to see you , that i might repeat <unk> the thanks writing can so ill express . ” caderousse . i quote a fact , that is all . the country , and my father in his leisure time was something of a <unk> . ”	169.03599548339844
the sea . some cause of quarrel ? ” <unk> if napoleon had remained on the throne , but his action was <unk> by the bourbons . favor ; and if you grant it me , i will bless you in this world and in the next . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ to reserve a portion for my friend ; like myself ” ( he laid an emphasis on these words ) “ an ancient musketeer of the company of tréville ; he has done wonders . ” countersigned , ” said the latter . guess , my dear athos ? , but before he could reach it the shadow had disappeared into an alley , into which grimaud deemed it scarcely prudent	124.88729095458984
to pursue it . have a window ? ” on with a cry of joy . including carlini , were placed in a hat , and the <unk> of the band drew forth a <unk> ; the <unk> bore the name of diavolaccio . replied scarron , “ i suppose you wish to propose to her an alliance offensive and defensive . ” , she jumped lightly on shore and took to flight . ! ” cried mme . madame de villefort the loan of my carriage to drive tomorrow to the bois ; but when my coachman goes to fetch the grays from the stables they are <unk> gone . to settle in france , he left me at his departure , together with the papers <unk>	122.53974914550781
my identity , a letter promising , if he approved of my choice , <unk> livres per annum from the day i was married . eyes from the object which had first attracted his attention , he asked for his <unk> . pistoles each , in ten throws , without revenge ; in thirteen throws i had lost <unk> thirteen throws . he may one day suffer what i suffer ! ” murmured d ’ artagnan , “ look well at that priest . ” was to take place after her morning ’ s “ <unk> , ” at which , in accordance with his rights of birth , he was <unk> to be present . laughed aloud . no more than i have given you , teresa	178.2921600341797
, ’ said luigi proudly . do at notre dame ? ” the road they had come by in the morning , namely , in the direction toward scotland . overheard his conversation yesterday and he wants to get us away from paris . ” a thoughtful glance . or fifteen years preserved habitual silence , and a habit of fifteen or twenty years ’ duration becomes second nature . waiting at the door ; the groom , in every respect a <unk> of the english fashion , was standing on tiptoe to hold a large <unk> horse . prejudice is forgotten which made the son responsible for the father ’ s actions . perfectly clear , and his body refreshed ; he was free from the slightest	203.21263122558594
<unk> ; on the contrary , he felt a certain degree of lightness , a faculty for <unk> the pure air , and enjoying the bright <unk> more vividly than ever . as he knew well , to confine for the whole of his life the grandson of henry iv. , especially when this young prince was scarcely thirty years of age . told him that long since , and i did only what any other would have done in my circumstances , and perhaps less . there was brucine in the mixture i give you . ” that i am prepared for anything . ” poor fellow , madame , ” he said , as he preceded the baroness , “ but his orders are precise ,	131.98760986328125
and m. de villefort begged me to tell you that he could not act otherwise . ” since we heard from his mistress , ” said athos , in a low voice . of it yesterday or the day before ? ” raised his hand to his face , and observing that his fingers were covered with the monarch ’ s blood , fell down insensible . through her room , which was on a level with valentine ’ s , and only separated from it by edward ’ s . taught ; it is the application of the sciences to truth ; it is like the golden cloud in which the <unk> went up into heaven . ” pale as death , were trying to give him	77.44355010986328
succor ; but it was plain that all assistance was <unk> the features of the dying man were distorted with agony . it there , but the jailer was wrong not to have looked before him . receive visitors today . ” nothing that i am styled louis the just , ” and he signed emery ’ s appointment . , ” said athos . porthos , “ let us break the door in and fall upon him . ” length had d ’ artagnan in her power , that she was present at his execution ; and it was the sight of his odious blood , flowing beneath the <unk> of the headsman , which spread that charming smile upon her lips . a success as the	126.55768585205078
first . continued the banker , “ you have perfectly explained to me the sentiments which influence a girl like you , who is determined she will not marry ; now it remains for me to tell you the motives of a father like me , who has decided that his daughter shall marry . ” demon , ” continued felton , “ or the <unk> benefactor , my <unk> a monster . asked the young man , surprised . monsieur , ” said athos , putting himself on guard . ; morcerf alone knew not why such profound attention was given to an orator who was not always listened to with so much <unk> . and casting a glance at the cover , read : years of	127.94795227050781
age , i should say . ” villefort to valentine , who could not conceal her joy ; “ if m. noirtier wishes to communicate anything which would delay your marriage , i forbid you to understand him . ” said the gentleman . his forehead as if to dispel his reverie , he rang the bell twice and bertuccio entered . with you , my friend ? ” asked the latter . not say of poison , but we can prove what was the state of the body ; we shall discover the cause of her sudden death , and we shall say , ‘ dear villefort , if this thing has been caused by negligence , watch over your servants ; if from hatred , watch	101.2065200805664
your enemies . ’ ” and was preparing to make a hole with his gimlet , when he found a <unk> ; he therefore placed his tankard under it and turned the <unk> ; something , whatever it was the cask contained , fell silently into the tankard . yesterday after you left me ? ” then ? in entirely new clothes , advanced smilingly count andrea cavalcanti , the <unk> son , whom we also know . monsieur the cardinal , be assured of that ; i will answer for him . ” , i warn you that that letter is for monsieur de tréville , and it must be found , or if it is not found , he will know how to find it .	127.45532989501953
” of a heavy weight falling on the ground was heard , but no one paid any attention to it ; the nurse was engaged in watching the <unk> <unk> , and villefort was still absorbed in grief . ” cried blaisois , with evident admiration ; “ but it will be dark in the cellar . ” point of starting on a journey , ” replied morrel disdainfully . prince is beaten , since he can no longer fight . so act on me , that i shall , on <unk> , consider such a contemptible possession as the utmost happiness . an <unk> question , ” resumed d ’ artagnan , “ have you grown rich ? ” all that you are trifling with my happiness	113.82281494140625
, that my life or death are nothing to you . ” instant the poet closed his manuscript , upon the cover of which was written “ <unk> , a tragedy in five acts , ” and raised his head . emissaries of the cardinal in the uniform of musketeers . i owe thee . you ? ” replied the swiss . should expect you , sir , as soon as you had finished dressing . ” d ’ artagnan , whom porthos and aramis were trying to recall to life . help porthos , if porthos needed help ; but porthos , for his part , had done his work as conscientiously as d ’ artagnan . , dear friend , on that account ; if you	109.68156433105469
have done nothing as yet , you will do something soon , ” replied athos . a name , and the head bathed in tears and pressed on the velvet cushion of the <unk> head like that of a <unk> by <unk> raised and turned towards him . with his intentions and will submit to them . <unk> on his belt , and passing his handkerchief over his moist forehead , said : le prince . ” musketeer , d ’ artagnan said : the gascon , “ this is a promising beginning . ” that , sir , ” said the old sailor respectfully ; “ we put the helm up to run before the tempest ; ten minutes after we struck our <unk> and <unk> under	102.9167251586914
bare <unk> . ” ; let her go free , and i will exact nothing else from you . ” ’ cried all the brigands , when they saw the chief . happy hit for <unk> to make , but as it seems to be unworthy of two <unk> ” said porthos . friend , as affectionate as a father , as consoling as a priest , noble as a man who has suffered much . hear , fellow ? ” would afford me . ; “ but i warn m. d ’ épinay , that during my <unk> my father ’ s will shall never be questioned , my position <unk> any doubt to be entertained . ” . and buckingham sets sail tomorrow with his fleet	108.21187591552734
. ” of the chateau to the other , porthos looking with wondering eyes at d ’ artagnan , who was counting on his fingers . way to cromwell ’ s tent , d ’ artagnan and porthos had brought their prisoners to the house which had been assigned to them as their dwelling at newcastle . i know , ” was the reply . . ” <unk> , cardinal de richelieu ; not such as he is now <unk> down like an old man , suffering like a martyr , his body bent , his voice failing , buried in a large armchair as in an anticipated tomb ; no longer living but by the strength of his genius , and no longer maintaining the struggle with	118.65977478027344
europe but by the eternal application of his <unk> such as he really was at this period ; that is to say , an active and gallant cavalier , already weak of body , but sustained by that moral power which made of him one of the most extraordinary men that ever lived , preparing , after having supported the duc de <unk> in his duchy of <unk> , after having taken nîmes , <unk> , and <unk> , to drive the english from the isle of ré and lay siege to la rochelle . receive the defense of a great principle , my dear d ’ herblay . danglars , with the perspiration on his forehead , “ i must be under <unk> ” and he threw	154.45571899414062
himself back in the calash , not this time to sleep , but to think . ones cling to each other ; and , young as i was , i quite understood that some imminent danger was hanging over our heads . ” ; the crime is <unk> . , if you do not know their address . count , —i will be sure to come , ” said villefort eagerly . all that is most sacred to me in the world , namely , by my mother . ” not avenge themselves on the traitor , the spaniards did not shoot the traitor , ali in his tomb left the traitor unpunished ; but i , betrayed , sacrificed , buried , have risen from my tomb	134.29466247558594
, by the grace of god , to punish that man . to you . ” i am not rich enough to afford to lose , or sufficiently poor to desire to gain . truth of this reproach . <unk> ; that confirms what i said just <unk> will have blood . disconcerted . certainly , and you have done well to purchase them , although you were somewhat <unk> not to have procured them sooner . ” those you sometimes see in a play , who , because they have only a word or two to say , <unk> themselves in the most awkward manner possible . do you then still hate those who separated you ? ” thought it was time to try one of his	154.5854034423828
favorite <unk> in fencing . he , “ i intend going this evening to normandy , instead of tomorrow or the next day . whose ideas had taken quite another course , forgot himself like a fool , and answered gallantly that it was too late to think about duels and sword thrusts . we consent to that . ” cried porthos . the beverage prepared by the doctor within reach of the patient , and locked the door , was listening with terror to the comments of the servants in the kitchen , and <unk> her memory with all the horrible stories which had for some months past amused the occupants of the antechambers in the house of the king ’ s attorney . bosom of the	160.81468200683594
water , and to see the number of boats around it one would have fancied one ’ s self not in paris , but in venice . words were uttered did not escape the marechal . corner drove carriages filled with <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , knights , and peasants , screaming , fighting , <unk> , throwing eggs filled with <unk> , confetti , <unk> , attacking , with their <unk> and their <unk> , friends and foes , companions and strangers , <unk> , and no one took offence , or did anything but laugh . alone . , my dear count , ” said he . else , certainly . ” and a kind of majestic tremor ran	188.69065856933594
from man to man . i don ’ t like to leave things half finished . ” a monk ? ” when d ’ artagnan stretched out his hand to receive it , m. de tréville was highly astonished to see his <unk> make a sudden spring , become crimson with passion , and rush from the cabinet crying , “ s ’ blood , he shall not escape me this time ! ” , i am come to give you this very title which you wish for so much . ” , ” cried the abbé . , cocking his carbine as he went , and in a moment reached the summit of a hill opposite to that on which he had perceived the traveller . the	101.4859848022461
count . s to our next merry meeting ! ” three months , ” said penelon . to the profit of him who has justice on his side . ” whom you told me one day at amiens . ” , i had never heard of him before , and never but once afterwards , and that was from the abbé busoni himself , when i saw him in the prison at nîmes . ” across the chamber above me , and the next instant a dull , heavy weight seemed to fall powerless on the staircase . leave the count ’ s house , and you take your mother to your home ; but reflect , albert , you owe her more than your poor noble heart	122.5615463256836
can pay her . ; fortunately he recovered . for the headsman of the nearest town , but at least a day would be gained , and a day might be sufficient for the rescue . , on the ground floor , that d ’ artagnan and porthos were confined , suffering interminable hours of imprisonment in a manner suitable to each different temperament . ” could tell me that , you would be doing me a service . ” retire . having to do with a gentleman of such a kind disposition , pressed d ’ artagnan in his arms , and paid a thousand compliments to the three musketeers , and as porthos ’ s adversary was already installed in the carriage , and as aramis	107.09114837646484
’ s had taken to his heels , they had nothing to think about but the dead . , who had it in his power to make it most unpleasant for the <unk> , remained calm and stern . literary archive foundation god ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , quite stunned by the relation of this horrible adventure . to complain of him . ” ; and we became the more intimate from there being many <unk> of character between us . ’ t consulted my daughter ; but if she has good <unk> ” pictured it as the soul of her grandmother . , that i was just nineteen when i was arrested , the 28th of february , 1815 . ” jest , but his	117.7423095703125
hair stood erect on his head . comprehend that i want you and your three friends to be of use to me ? ” , “ i forgot the recommendation of de comminges , who advised me to take a guard and place it at this door , in order not to put myself at the mercy of that <unk> combination of <unk> ” and with a movement of impatience he turned to <unk> his steps . door ; this light announced the <unk> of her jailers . come again , would not be able to understand what could cause the interruption of my visits , and might suspect something ; who could say how far the vengeance of such a woman would go ? ” cold ,	111.17794799804688
he asked for his gown , which was brought to him . over ? ” asked rochefort . —you may entirely confide in the brave lad who will give you this note ; he has consented to enter the service of your keeper and to shut himself up at vincennes with you , in order to prepare and assist your escape , which we are contriving . morrel . , with a jealous eye , reading the <unk> of the <unk> to the mistress of the house , entered suddenly and without being announced . <unk> be sent , to the lions the martyr be thrown ! left alone with the woman whom the baron had summoned to her assistance she opened her eyes . the <unk> ,	142.26739501953125
and his scorching rays fell full on the rocks , which seemed themselves sensible of the heat . ” murmured the queen , “ lost ! —for the cardinal knows all , and it is he who <unk> on the king , who as yet knows nothing but will soon know everything . reverie : down the side of the ship , seized the cable , and drew it ; it came without the least resistance . ones . a touch of vexation , that perhaps the young woman had fallen asleep while waiting for him . athos , “ are not those fellows <unk> they have arrested yonder ? . ; he therefore went to bed , placing his pocketbook under his pillow . , re-entered the	156.2272186279297
office , with a turn of his finger set the clock right again , that it might not be perceived the next day that it had been put wrong , and certain from that time that he had a witness to prove his <unk> , he ran downstairs and soon found himself in the street . as we used to be ; let us be open with each other . , you will see whether a cavalcanti is to be treated like a common person ! ” your majesty ’ s most faithful servants . ” said monte cristo , coloring , “ allow me to take back that purse ? of me ? ” said he , — “ your son ’ s life ? certainly not	94.77869415283203
! ” piece . ” porthos , “ why separate , since we are all together ? ” soldiers at the door of each drawing-room , and was advancing towards danglars , preceded by a commissary of police , girded with his scarf . going to do there ? ” to write when he had made up his mind as to his future plans . , that ’ s an explanation ! ” said caderousse . can . ” thank you for it . to take counsel . , ” interrupted comminges ; “ the cardinal said so ; there is no prison here . ” laid him on a couch . read the paragraph . was not right in the character of a creditor . ” ,	72.54138946533203
gentlemen , ” said the general ; “ you may not acknowledge louis xviii. , but i do , as he has made me a baron and a <unk> , and i shall never forget that for these two titles i am indebted to his happy return to france . ” ’ artagnan and porthos had been ushered was separated from the drawing-room where the queen was by tapestried curtains only , and this thin partition enabled them to hear all that passed in the adjoining room , whilst the aperture between the two hangings , small as it was , permitted them to see . concern ; i will make him speak . ” mordaunt , “ are you not afraid that they will recognize you ?	119.9154052734375
” ” said porthos ’ exclaimed the chief , with an imperative sign of the hand , while with the other he took off his hat respectfully ; then , turning to the singular personage who had caused this scene , he said , “ your pardon , your excellency , but i was so far from expecting the honor of a visit , that i did not really recognize you . ” then ? ” said monte cristo . irritated against them , they would depart without being seen ; if the king consented to see them , they would only have to be called . ” muttered d ’ artagnan , leaning toward aramis and whispering in his ear , “ you have made us swear	68.49530029296875
on the crucifix of a <unk> . ” that everyone entered heartily into the purpose for which they met ; besides , it would not be <unk> that they would have an opportunity of playing either the cardinal or his people an ill turn , and for such expeditions these worthy gentlemen were always ready . resounded on every side , and the drums were beaten in all directions . of a horse struck his ear , coming through darkness and space . , raoul , she is an <unk> personage ; it was to visit her king henry iv . , d ’ artagnan directed his steps toward the rue férou . , ” said milady , “ it is possible i may be deceived , and	137.26373291015625
that d ’ artagnan and his friends may really come to your assistance . ” day with the wife of the worthy gentleman who is receiving us . ” tréville and walking with him toward the embrasure of a window , “ well , monsieur , ” continued he , “ you say it is his eminence ’ s guards who have sought a quarrel with your musketeers ? ” hastened to meet him . them , and the twelve studs were all on her majesty ’ s shoulder . this cavalier has made you very angry . said d ’ artagnan . and swear ! ” cried athos and aramis at once . continued to converse for some time in low voices , in order that the	66.81427001953125
young princess should not overhear them ; but the precaution was needless : she was in deep converse with her own thoughts . him . the sound of that voice he turned pale , and was , as it were , petrified . hat on hearing this <unk> name . said . ” to share my apartments with you , as i shared yours at <unk> , who do not profess egotism , but am yet <unk> <unk> <unk> ; for , except myself , these rooms would not hold a shadow more , unless that shadow were feminine . ” not fail to do so , ” returned the count , bowing . cried bertuccio , whose copper complexion became <unk> “ i go to auteuil ?	157.65003967285156
” , remain here ? ” woman excused herself , the more important bonacieux thought the secret which she declined to confide to him . possible to rouse that as well as provence ? ” diamond , which was as large as a <unk> , la carconte ’ s eyes sparkled with cupidity . ” ” cried mazarin , “ you are breaking your word to me ! ” times at florence , <unk> and lucca , and he has now communicated to me the fact of his arrival in paris . we are alone , ” said athos , “ let us talk of yourself . ” by monsieur le comte with the intention , i believe , of making me a soldier ; and he gave	83.00758361816406
me reason to hope that at paris he would present me to some one who would recommend me to the favor of the prince . ” , and the count of spada in his poverty . arranged in a few minutes , for he began reading the letter which caused so much uneasiness in the heart of the baroness , and which ran as follows : politician , my queen , ” said mazarin ; “ let us hear the <unk> ” and he hid what he had written by <unk> the letter under a <unk> of blank paper . message to say , that , though the duchess had not the honor of knowing monsieur de la fere , she would receive him . see me again	88.49018096923828
? ” but when i do obtain it—— ” somewhere . ” , if there is no way of getting out of it . ” your harness and then mine . i . ” <unk> ” to open . : he would go to dammartin , from which place two roads <unk> , one toward <unk> , the other toward compiegne ; there he would inquire concerning the bracieux estate and go to the right or to the left according to the information obtained . bankers , ” said monte cristo in a freezing manner , which repelled impertinence ; and he turned to the door , just as the valet de chambre announced : thought d ’ artagnan , “ ’ tis our road likewise ; we	160.10243225097656
will go together . ” our flight , and we can select any time we choose . ” said the host to himself ; “ this man seems dumb . when villefort threw himself <unk> into a chair . ” said groslow , “ bring them with you . ” i send a ball into the moat ; a man is there who <unk> it up ; the ball contains a letter . athos . dantès hesitating , “ has this treasure no more legitimate possessor in the world than ourselves ? ” be hard to <unk> considering , ” continued athos , throwing a glance at aramis , “ the chances that may come to us on the way . ” , such <unk> eloquence to this	110.97572326660156
exclamation , that felton in spite of himself advanced some steps into the room . , till i see you again ! that behind this little window , which threw forth such friendly beams , the pretty mme . monte cristo coldly , “ i did not expect that you had come here to relate to me your little family affairs . the count to albert , “ i do not ask you to accompany me to my house , as i can only show you a habitation fitted up in a hurry , and i have , as you know , a reputation to keep up as regards not being taken by surprise . with so much affectionate tenderness that she exclaimed : my good fellow ,	114.32400512695312
with a cart and a couple of oxen our business can be managed . only shut the window . soldiers , and ran for their arms . the information he has given us ; if it is true , he shall be free ; if false , let him be shot . ” if you were on the stage ; your interests are concerned in your so doing . ” he sent for me to his house , gave me money for my journey , procured a horse , and made me promise not to stop till i had reached you , i have come in fifteen hours . ” ease , although he had learned nothing really satisfactory , and , for the first time since the	123.83259582519531
<unk> at auteuil , he slept soundly . never turned his head , did not perceive it . find it ? ” and could not at first comprehend this restitution ; but the visit of porthos soon enlightened her . ” said monte cristo ; “ do not let me lose both my companions . the wardrobe . an opportunity for talking about pretty little mme . days reap the reward of your disinterested devotion . what the new world has to do with the bottles which are on the commode and the wardrobe . to signor pastrini , and asked for albert de morcerf . among the guards one man with a very good countenance ; and he favored this man the more as grimaud became the	188.5813751220703
more and more odious to him . albert . owe you much . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , wishing to change the conversation , “ here are fifty pistoles that the count has sent you by the same courier . that marie michon , that <unk> , notwithstanding her low condition , had acquaintances in the highest rank ; she called the <unk> ladies of the court her friend , and the <unk> as she is , in her double character as austrian and as <unk> her her sister . ” are grateful for the warning he has given . concealed beneath your words ? ” danglars , in a timid tone , “ how did you manage about the other <unk> <unk> settlement ? ”	123.16326904296875
the report ; but , as you are aware , the police does not content itself with vague reports . ” prince . ’ ” and find him ? ” inquired franz . your man ? ” said aramis to athos . of <unk> is my <unk> . ” whom his mother and sister called to their aid to sustain them under the serious trial which they felt they would soon have to endure . replace your pistols in your belt . ” my dear porthos . ” in the collection are in the public domain in the united states . left his compliments for your excellency , and desires us to express the regret he feels at not being able to take his leave in person ;	123.20033264160156
but he <unk> you will excuse him , as very important business calls him to malaga . ” the cardinal , sighing , “ i believed myself secure from such a suspicion . ” the door ; but his strength failed him and he sank into a chair . time this first act lasts . the rest , until the room filled silently , as if these men had been the humblest , most devoted courtiers . felton ; “ you see plainly that i listen , and that i am anxious to know the end . ” nothing but the fire ; let us hope you have found some gold among the ashes . if you really suffer , ” said felton , “ a physician shall	123.36422729492188
be sent for ; and if you deceive <unk> , it will be the worse for you . orders . ” , ” said grimaud . sir , he is innocent ! ” <unk> forth mercédès . in reality a certain coffer of which he had twenty times beheld the image in his <unk> coffer long and deep , locked , bolted , fastened in the wall ; a coffer of which he had so often heard , and which the <unk> little <unk> , it is true , but still not without <unk> the procurator ’ s wife were about to open to his admiring looks . . is often a mysterious guide communicating with the <unk> of memory , which in spite of us will arouse	131.43788146972656
them at times ; this thread , like that of <unk> , when once <unk> will conduct one through a labyrinth of thought , in which one loses one ’ s self in endeavoring to follow that phantom of the past which is called recollection . to my health ! <unk> . if i mistake not , a <unk> . ” it is , ” said grimaud . ” said debray , rising , “ it is half-past two . can do will be to <unk> the truth of the contents of your <unk> ” and , sitting down , villefort wrote the certificate at the bottom . ” not forget that i have my executioners to punish , and perhaps , too , who knows , some	112.57808685302734
friends to reward . have disposed of the coachman as well as the horses ? ” the king . here till i release you . ” only a few moments . ” may have no doubt on that head , i will go and inform her myself . ” glass of water , which remained after my breakfast , thirst having been the chief of my sufferings when i remained forty-eight hours without eating or drinking . , cane , and gloves to the same french footman who had called his carriage at the count of morcerf ’ s , and then he passed into the small salon , preceded by bertuccio , who showed him the way . himself stared . sir , ” continued eugénie ,	120.55345916748047
still quite calm ; “ you are astonished , i see ; for since this little affair began , i have not manifested the slightest opposition , and yet i am always sure , when the opportunity arrives , to oppose a determined and absolute will to people who have not consulted me , and things which displease me . <unk> in points of honor ; and there were in the plan which our lover had devised for milady , he was sure , certain things that would not obtain the assent of this puritan . said d ’ artagnan to himself ; “ he calls that being as poor as <unk> ! four quarters of the globe could provide was heaped in vases from china and jars	230.31443786621094
from <unk> . excellency , ” added he , “ allow me to repeat my apologies , and i hope you will not entertain any resentment at what has occurred . ” franz , “ i regret much that such a question has been raised in the presence of mademoiselle valentine ; i have never inquired the amount of her fortune , which , however limited it may be , exceeds mine . ; you are not afraid ? ” said d ’ artagnan , coming back to recommend courage to his lackey . arrested ? , ’ said the bandit to rita ’ s father . who should happen to contradict my master at this moment , ” said mousqueton to himself ; “ i wouldn ’	82.86711120605469
t give a farthing for his life . ” thousand things to tell you . he produce ? ” without a <unk> with his arm in a <unk> <unk> bleeding ; eh , then , what are the sentinels about ? ” cried athos . athos , “ doubtless you would commit great follies ! warning was ? ” put down the portmanteau , gave him some pieces of money , and having rapped at the shutter sent him away . planchet , “ what a misfortune ! your wishes , my dear mother , ” said the young man . , ’ replied emmanuel ; ‘ but i wished to have your advice . ’ hand athos made grimaud , who followed the little troop , understand	98.60897064208984
everything , and they passed on like a whirlwind , d ’ artagnan still directing them from behind with his voice . tears in his eyes and heaving breast , and without uttering a word he gave her the letter . for the lackeys , ” resumed aramis , “ but for the <unk> the <unk> , we may say . door without perceiving he was being followed ; the sand with which the alleys were covered deadened the sound of footsteps . have you done to him ? ” ” continued villefort , in a perfectly calm tone , “ where you conceal the poison by the aid of which you have killed my father-in-law , m. de saint-méran , my mother-in-law , madame de saint-méran ,	102.45651245117188
barrois , and my daughter valentine . ” the <unk> <unk> , went in once , and he came back amazed , <unk> that such treasures were only to be heard of in fairy tales . ” exclaimed mazarin . ” said the king ; “ but never mind , tréville , come still by the back staircase . ” his ill-humor , the baron became more calm ; mademoiselle danglars had that morning requested an interview with her father , and had fixed on the gilded drawing-room as the spot . you mean , monsieur porthos . ” replied albert , “ that she was <unk> years old . . ” large couch , and madame danglars passed into her dressing-room with mademoiselle cornélie . ; and	113.92913818359375
more , —i repeat it with joy , with triumph , —i have always found some proof of human <unk> or error . and more gloomy than the first ; the air that could only enter by the newly formed opening had the <unk> smell dantès was surprised not to find in the outer cavern . be free and open . armilly , ” said the banker ; “ do you consider her no one ? ” then , turning to monte cristo , he said , “ prince cavalcanti is a charming young man , is he not ? ’ clock is it ? ” , monsieur the governor , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you will deserve well of the cardinal . ” he	110.14933776855469
could recognize amid this strange disorder , fragments of garments , and some bloody spots <unk> the cloth and the curtains . , madame . withdrew to a corner of the cabinet . , and as soon as she had stepped into her carriage , it drove away , sometimes towards the right hand , sometimes to the left ; then about twenty minutes afterwards the gentleman would also leave , buried in his cravat or concealed by his handkerchief . ” said athos , smiling , “ he has never been so much a musketeer as since he became an abbé , and you will find him a veritable soldier . ” at first ; but d ’ artagnan made use of the comte de la fere	119.25031280517578
’ s name , and after paying a visit to madame de chevreuse , raoul started to rejoin the army . said the old man , “ he is so much attached to us . ” d ’ artagnan , without doubt . that in not going at once to the palais royal he would give comminges time to arrive before him , and consequently to make the cardinal acquainted with the <unk> services which he , d ’ artagnan , and his friend had rendered to the queen ’ s party in the morning . any information , for all were ignorant who this man could be ; nevertheless , they felt convinced that all was as it should be , as it was done by the	71.96255493164062
order of athos . ” do what thou wilt ! <unk> bound on his feet by cords . for a receipt ? ” said the major , at the same time slipping the money into the inner pocket of his coat . their walk , mazarin taking the middle alley and the friends the side ones . , surrounded at some distance by a large and luxurious divan , every species of tobacco known , <unk> the yellow tobacco of petersburg to the black of <unk> , and so on along the scale from <unk> and <unk> <unk> , to <unk> , <unk> exposed in <unk> of <unk> <unk> of which the <unk> are so fond ; beside them , in boxes of <unk> wood , were ranged	192.29833984375
, according to their size and quality , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> ; and , in an open cabinet , a collection of german pipes , of chibouques , with their <unk> <unk> ornamented with coral , and of <unk> , with their long <unk> of <unk> , awaiting the caprice or the sympathy of the <unk> . athos , gravely , “ remember that it is the dead alone with whom we are not likely to meet again on this earth . with fernand ? ” my dear old friend , that when you were a musketeer you turned your thoughts incessantly to the church , and now that you are an abbé you are perpetually longing to be once more a musketeer	124.04647827148438
. ” quarter of an hour everyone had assembled in the chamber of the paralytic ; the second notary had also arrived . a short , thick neck ; he was attacked with apoplexy , and i was called in too late . from those principles , monsieur ? ” asked monte cristo , who could not help looking at morrel with so much intensity , that two or three times the young man had been unable to sustain that clear and piercing glance . , “ will you apprise the count of monte cristo that m. de morcerf is arrived , and we are at his disposal ? ” at d ’ artagnan . sigh <unk> the king , so lightly did he sleep . upon his	89.49852752685547
head the punishment reserved for the damned ! ” said felton , with increasing exultation . comprehended all to the fullest extent , he replied that he was a royalist . fixed his eyes on mercédès , who arose partly from her seat and extended both her hands towards him . tréville , without lowering his voice in the least , “ either order my musketeer to be restored to me , or let him be tried . ” ” , “ poor haydée ! ” murmured he . at that period to be imprisoned by the enmity of the king . ” chatillon stammered out . ” said monte cristo ; “ she has been dead these ten years . ” court would do justice to my	122.19717407226562
claims and give the head of my house the title of prince , and if my brother de <unk> were <unk> in his command i would return to my estates and leave the court and parliament to settle things between themselves as they might . ” with the greatest simplicity : “ i came to paris with exactly such intentions . said he to dantès . has monsieur de flamarens been telling me ? ” valentine ; “ who could desire my death ? ” returned to their “ domestic <unk> , ” as they say in the gallery of the chamber in well-turned speeches , and in the theatre of the rue richelieu in <unk> pieces ; but it was not the case with debray . morrel	157.18832397460938
, —he has stayed behind sick at <unk> ; but please god , it won ’ t be much , and you will see him in a few days all alive and hearty . ” returned into the salon , while the count , again <unk> , left by another door . make <unk> for the <unk> of a queen and a princess ? made <unk> . waiting for me , or else he will have returned home , where he will have learned that a woman had been there . prisoners in it , ” answered comminges . various adventures , both as the man of fashion and the galley-slave ; and as everyone who had been personally acquainted with prince andrea cavalcanti experienced a lively curiosity	152.572998046875
in his fate , they all determined to spare no trouble in endeavoring to witness the trial of m. benedetto for the murder of his comrade in chains . the coadjutor , “ this evening , at ten o ’ clock , and if i am pleased with you another bag of five hundred pistoles will be at your disposal . ” , ” said monsieur d ’ arminges , “ and if needs be , my will , that we beat a retreat . lord winter marching at the head of his regiment . around him and awaited the charge of cromwell ’ s cuirassiers . planchet , seduced , like the crow in the fable , should tell his name , and that the queen ,	117.21165466308594
knowing his name , would discover that planchet had belonged to him . ” monsieur , i must acknowledge , with a sword thrust in my breast , and by <unk> the comte de wardes on the <unk> to calais , like a <unk> on a tapestry . ” love . ” thing . ” ” aramis had said . ” ” he , “ read ! in the battle , my friend ? ” inquired athos of the youth ; “ ’ twas not your right place , i think , as you were not equipped for an engagement ! ” will then become useless to you ? ” thanks of madame danglars which had been already conveyed to the count through the medium of a letter	69.48780822753906
, signed “ baronne danglars , <unk> hermine de <unk> . ” de longueville ; and if the worthy broussel were there , whom you so <unk> helped arrest , i should tell you to excuse yourself to him at once and kiss him on both cheeks . ” conduct me ? ” faced around in order that d ’ artagnan and porthos might enter . said porthos . ” grooms , and delivering the prisoner into his charge , with orders to shoot him through the head if he attempted to escape , he leaped from his horse and approached raoul . , and that she had freed her from that prison ; and the letter he had received from the young woman , and her passage	106.00395965576172
along the road of chaillot like an apparition , were now explained . the church of st. louis <unk> <unk> . dantès . of this <unk> remark . gesture , opened her robe , tore the cambric that covered her bosom , and red with feigned anger and <unk> shame , showed the young man the <unk> impression which dishonored that beautiful shoulder . said d ’ artagnan ; “ here indeed are true believers ; it is a pleasure to work miracles before them ; they are not like that <unk> porthos , who must see and touch before he will believe . ” heart , aramis , one deeper and more <unk> wound made by a woman . ” rich <unk> in malta . ” ,	157.01235961914062
athos , ” said d ’ artagnan , shrugging his shoulders . illustrious politician of times past , of times present , and probably of times to come . would have seized the silken <unk> and summoned assistance , but nothing astonished her in her present situation . through all ; and then , my dear marquis , he would certainly have done everything for me that i performed for him . him ; and five minutes after , a boat appeared , <unk> by four men . , he had really been the hero of one of the tales of the _thousand and one nights_ , and he was <unk> attracted towards the grotto . . death , remained some <unk> with his ear bent and listening	130.88356018066406
; then , when the sound was quite extinct , he breathed like a man awaking from a dream , and rushed out of the apartment . person may be , why , you see we leave off after a time seeing persons who are in sorrow , they make one melancholy ; and so at last old dantès was left all to himself , and i only saw from time to time strangers go up to him and come down again with some bundle they tried to hide ; but i guessed what these <unk> were , and that he sold by degrees what he had to pay for his <unk> . , ” said aramis , coloring ; “ and who affirmed , as i said	152.8817901611328
, that he had received orders from his master or mistress to place the horse in my stable , without informing me whence it came . ” a rival of yours , for which he was severely punished ; that ought to satisfy you . ” is acting blindfolded , and knows not the true cause , which is known only to god and to me ; but i give you my word , morrel , that god , who does know it , will be on our side . ” ” however , to comprehend , ” said porthos . ” exclaimed the count . de villefort is dead ! on coming to myself , was to feel under my pillow for the knife i had not	96.93294525146484
been able to reach ; if it had not been useful for defense , it might at least serve for expiation . ” cried a hoarse voice . letter , when his wife entered . looked towards noirtier . said at length , “ do you not answer me ? ” of that period , athos rode and fenced to perfection . ? ” said she ; “ and you stopped there ? ” ’ replied the young girl , with all the frankness of her nature , ‘ that i would give half my life for a costume such as she wore . ’ moment and then , seeing the cautious demeanor of the musketeer : exclamation on seeing the young men together . had no secrets	106.34869384765625
for me . he to raoul , “ shall be done as you desire ; but you will not stop to have your wound dressed ? ” action to be performed , monsieur , and much money to be gained at the same time . ” and the carriage proceeded . of his having rendered a service to the count , raoul could not help turning his glance toward the young princess , and then he saw in her eyes an expression of infinite gratitude to the young man ; he no longer doubted that the daughter of king charles i. loved his friend . guarded now ; we only said he would escape . ” abbé busoni nor lord wilmore , ” said monte cristo ; “	100.68810272216797
think again , —do you not recollect me ? ” man has friends , they are not only to offer him a glass of wine , but , moreover , to prevent his swallowing three or four <unk> of water <unk> ! ” me . ? ” said the musketeer . take the king and place him in the hotel de ville ? fish . a letter from m. de morcerf , begging me to attend the opera . ” do the rest of his time ? ” on their horses , rode to the hotel , the “ arms of england . ” the abbé . you shall know later . ? ” the door the coadjutor knocked . beaucaire without the diamond , he will inform	76.73261260986328
against us , and , as he says , who knows if we shall ever again see the abbé busoni ? —in all probability we shall never see him . ’ took up the portmanteau , which she had placed for a moment on the ground , and they reached the archway under the shadow of the wall . the count inquired after m. de villefort . the door ? ” said the baroness . good sort of a man . ” mercédès , shaking her head , “ a woman becomes a bad manager , and who shall say she will remain an honest woman , when she loves another man better than her husband ? i have any more to do with the affair ? ”	86.7394027709961
said beauchamp suddenly , carelessly extending his hand to the young man . the cardinal richelieu , in his camp before la <unk> . you are a gifted individual ! ” advanced , and as they approached their faces became visible . the study and had disappeared before he had recovered from the painful and profound reverie into which his thwarted vengeance had plunged him . the government is rich and does not want your treasures , ” replied the inspector ; “ keep them until you are <unk> ” the abbé ’ s eyes glistened ; he seized the inspector ’ s hand . ’ s old servant , opened it . ” the president , ‘ do you recognize this lady as the daughter of ali	125.42092895507812
tepelini , pasha of yanina ? ’ — ‘ no , ’ said morcerf , attempting to rise , ‘ it is a base plot , contrived by my <unk> ’ haydée , whose eyes had been fixed on the door , as if expecting someone , turned hastily , and , seeing the count standing , shrieked , ‘ you do not know me ? ’ said she . , our secret remained in our own keeping alone . i was in the trenches . ” alone . whom the last circumstance was mentioned as a fact , declared he had seen the <unk> in question , which gave great weight to assertions hitherto somewhat doubtful , but which now assumed the garb of reality . without	176.3050079345703
impertinence <unk> are you going ? ” towards heaven , where a mysterious providence disposes all things , and out of a fault , nay , even a vice , sometimes produces a blessing . , ” said athos . , that chance has rendered me master of a <unk> ” albert as late as possible . a sight of one of these <unk> . ” said d ’ artagnan to himself , “ the moment for <unk> has not yet come . ” ” ! me that dispatch . ” he wanted , he paid for the <unk> , which he did not drink , and went quickly back to the rue tiquetonne . among fowls , i believe , but very common among men . ”	108.28196716308594
cried d ’ artagnan , “ will allow no man to laugh when it <unk> me ! ” both for you and for me to stop where we are , ” answered the wounded man . of lens . various articles he had left behind him , put the black cravat and blue frock-coat at the bottom of the portmanteau , threw the hat into a dark closet , broke the cane into small <unk> and flung it in the fire , put on his <unk> , and calling his valet , checked with a look the thousand questions he was ready to ask , paid his bill , sprang into his carriage , which was ready , learned at lyons that bonaparte had entered grenoble , and	137.24349975585938
in the midst of the tumult which prevailed along the road , at length reached marseilles , a prey to all the hopes and fears which enter into the heart of man with ambition and its first <unk> . and recognized cucumetto . old friend of yours , then ? ” answer , villefort had drawn him aside . <unk> ” de tréville , who held out his hand to him ; d ’ artagnan pressed it with a respect mixed with gratitude . put off immediately , and <unk> the château d ’ if , got on board the vessel between cape morgiou and <unk> island . those gentlemen every day , ” said beauchamp ; “ but he is perfectly unknown to me . ” the	113.3686294555664
pension ? ” on ; and you may rely upon me for the others not being inferior to them . the cemetery . marked as such and sent to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation at the address specified in section 4 , “ information about donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation . ” . ” madame , not a day passes in which i do not suffer <unk> from your princes and your <unk> servants , all of them <unk> who do not perceive that i wind up the spring that makes them move , nor do they see that beneath my quiet demeanor lies the still scorn of an injured , irritated man , who has sworn to himself to master them one of	274.00250244140625
these days . d ’ artagnan , pressing her hand more closely . said , after a pause , “ a thousand excuses for the precaution taken in your introduction hither ; but as , during the greater portion of the year , this island is deserted , if the secret of this abode were discovered , i should doubtless , find on my return my temporary <unk> in a state of great disorder , which would be exceedingly annoying , not for the loss it occasioned me , but because i should not have the certainty i now possess of separating myself from all the rest of mankind at pleasure . the tennis balls began , according to grimaud ’ s directions , to take the direction	197.06846618652344
of the moat , much to the joy of la ramee , who marked fifteen whenever the duke sent a ball into the moat ; and very soon balls were wanting , so many had gone over . it ? ” serious to you ? ” transmitted this answer , the sentinel gave an order to one of the men seated round the fire , who rose and disappeared among the rocks . loosened her hold of the gate , her arms fell by her side , and two large tears rolled down her cheeks . , albert ? have said , was making a similar inventory of her property to albert ’ s , while she was arranging her jewels , shutting her drawers , collecting her	173.6109619140625
keys , to leave everything in perfect order , she did not perceive a pale and sinister face at a glass door which threw light into the passage , from which everything could be both seen and heard . ’ out to battle and they have been <unk> . ” ” exclaimed the queen , joyfully . was instantly directed towards the priest ’ s garments , as though hoping to discover the <unk> of the treasure . transact business , ” said danglars . ” long , and d ’ artagnan , in particular , would have <unk> that the days were <unk> hours . i will break it in ! ” said grimaud . so ; it will break my resolutions . ” desire but a	102.2267074584961
good wife and careful housekeeper , and where can i look for these better than in you ? ” the large diamond which shone on the major ’ s little finger ; for the major , like a prudent man , in case of any accident happening to his bank-notes , had immediately converted them into an available <unk> . , ” returned the landlord , <unk> and rubbing his hands with infinite <unk> , “ i think i may take upon myself to say i neglect nothing to deserve the support and patronage of the noble visitors to this poor hotel . ” tranquillity in paris itself . step . refund of any money paid by a user who notifies you in writing ( or by e-mail	238.10052490234375
) within 30 days of receipt that s/he does not agree to the terms of the full project gutenberg™ license . ? it is impossible ; i can go no farther . ” ! <unk> impossible ! ” reply , stopped not , and all that was heard was the noise of swords drawn from the scabbards and the cocking of the pistols with which the two phantoms were armed . order to follow valentine in thought at every hour in the day , had he made her describe the whole house , that without having seen it he knew it all . for the next evening franz saw him enter triumphantly shaking a folded paper which he held by one corner . he may be from the	193.53485107421875
city , whether he gives eight hours , twelve hours , or a day <unk> to pay their ransom ; and when that time has elapsed he allows another hour ’ s grace . there ; the four gentlemen stopped near them ; at a sign from athos , porthos and d ’ artagnan sat down , the two others stood in front of them . joy , and he rubbed his hands with delight at the idea of a plan so simple , yet apparently so certain to succeed . the manifestation of this astonishment , that d ’ artagnan related to him the precaution taken , and how , thanks to the devotion of his three friends , whom he had left scattered and bleeding on	138.5513458251953
the road , he had succeeded in coming off with a single sword thrust , which had pierced the queen ’ s letter and for which he had repaid m. de wardes with such terrible coin . ? ” . ” lose . . friend , to himself ! the door of the study he heard the bedroom door open , turned , and saw his father . happy period of life . sleep , m. de tréville slept still worse . gutenberg literary archive foundation was created to provide a secure and <unk> future for project gutenberg™ and future generations . mazarin , “ your majesty <unk> me with flattering distinction . ” walked slowly towards villefort ’ s ; we say slowly , for morrel had	146.307861328125
more than half an hour to spare to go five hundred steps , but he had hastened to take leave of monte cristo because he wished to be alone with his thoughts . ? ” said mercédès . was how to change this probability into a certainty . very active crew , very obedient to their captain , who lost as little time as possible . raoul , “ this monsieur scarron is a poet ? ” means of <unk> vengeance , and a low-born fellow such as he is would not have recourse to them . would , perhaps , have done the same ; but they all understood what carlini had done . ! ” he said , “ why did you not make that request	124.92070007324219
of me ? ” accompanied by the chevalier de <unk> , bearing the <unk> , and then the queen returned to her own apartment . day would be in my eyes now to commit a fresh offense . , then , dear monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” said milady . in <unk> porthos . _ ” continued he , “ if it were as easy for me to get rid of my enemy as it is easy to get rid of yours , and if it were against such people you require <unk> ” for these men which i can not comprehend . ” not answer , cardinal , what do you think about it ? ” athos and aramis entered were obliged to give place to	59.50637435913086
them . it ? ” , who was constantly doing actions of this kind . ” ” replied the count ; “ it was a little surprise prepared for me by my steward , and cost <unk> , somewhere about 30,000 francs . ” sir , and do not forget the prescription . ” or three hours as furiously as the cavaliers on the wall . ? ” ” said athos . flashes succeeded one another more rapidly , the thunder began to growl , and the wind , the <unk> of a hurricane , whistled in the plumes and the hair of the horsemen . to <unk> ? ” , do not spread that report . friend , if he ’ s one of thy friends thou	92.7359848022461
wilt ruin him in saying so . ” illumined that wretched countenance like the last ray of the sun before it <unk> behind the clouds which bear the aspect , not of a downy couch , but of a tomb . ” said milady , lifting hers to her mouth , “ do as i do . ” upon whom their arrival had produced a decided impression . more deeply . by their sending for me , that matters are becoming complicated . . ; all the world is wicked ; let us therefore strike at <unk> ! ” the prince at the head of the column . gondy , laughing ; “ i was not aware my alms were so well invested . ” as if nothing	197.80081176757812
had happened . ” replied monte cristo ; “ but if you intend to tell an <unk> , reflect it were better not to speak at all . ” she , “ lord wilmore had a family or friends , he must have known someone , can we <unk> ” ” he said , when the door was closed behind him , “ how easily these husbands , whom we ridicule , gain an advantage over us . ” bonacieux , _au <unk> ! _ ” you find that i act as becomes a gallant man . ” more fortunate . ” cried maximilian , quite unable to restrain his feelings . . tell her that her grandfather was suffering , and that there was much on his	91.06207275390625
mind which he was wishing to communicate to her . is best that he should follow us to athos ’ s . ” but she came at last to accustom herself to my little ways and understand my little wishes . ” aware of the conversation that passed , the wooden partition which interposed between us and you has proved but a slight security . ” respectable gentleman sitting opposite to us in the same box with the lovely greek girl ? ” ” replied morrel . ” stammered planchet , more dead than alive , “ ah , monsieur , what an escape i have had ! ” truth , ” cried the mercer ; “ but monsieur does not tell you— ” the door , so	150.51983642578125
that you can go in and out as you please ; you will bring the priest with you , and will oblige me by introducing him into my child ’ s room . ” ” she said , “ what next ? ” standing listening to all this <unk> with a pious <unk> , sprang toward them , took the breviary of the curate and the <unk> of the jesuit , and walked respectfully before them to clear their way . he liked with the carriage pleased him above all , for the fair peasants had appeared in a most elegant carriage the preceding evening , and albert was not sorry to be upon an equal footing with them . she , “ maximilian , my friend ,	128.51690673828125
my brother on earth , my true husband in heaven , i entreat you , do as i do , live in suffering ; perhaps we may one day be united . ” all the visitors who were caught . fellow ; silver simply , round <unk> with the head of some monarch or other on them . , ” said the governor . all my protestations , if it be as i suspect , my cunning gossip will assure me that he holds his eminence in horror . ” yes , monsieur ! see the man against whom i pleaded smile , as though in <unk> of my words . me , i know you now . at this word , and beholding the man who so	129.81939697265625
forcibly reminded her of her <unk> child , who still lived for her in valentine , she felt touched at the name of mother , and bursting into tears , she fell on her knees before an armchair , where she buried her <unk> head . trouble . silence . , ” replied dantès ; “ your strength will return. ” and as he spoke he seated himself near the bed beside faria , and took his hands . his red cloak , spread it upon the ground , laid the body in it , threw in the head , tied all up by the four corners , lifted it on his back , and entered the boat again . wished to <unk> us is still smoking ;	151.00759887695312
and the situation in which you are is a bed of roses compared to that in which you wished to place us and in which you have placed monsieur groslow and his companions . ” gentleman , not the watchfulness of a spy . ” thirty-five or forty years old , mild , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> the leisure his master left him in the perusal of pious works , providing <unk> for two a dinner of few dishes , but excellent . she , “ if everything does not second us ! escaping in the same way ? ” sends this carriage . ” , whom everyone might have thought plunged in grief , the one on her own account , the other from interest in	181.38729858398438
her friend , burst out laughing , as they cleared away every visible trace of the disorder which had naturally accompanied the preparations for their escape . to marry mademoiselle de villefort . ” which shook the solid wall , and by the aid of his friend ’ s hand gained the summit . go , ” said the marquis . daughter of france and was <unk> to the hospitality of france . committing a great imprudence . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , giving his hand to the count ; “ you are going to see something curious , ” added the gascon . adieu ! ” said morrel , bowing . and meat of which he makes the greatest <unk> . so ? ” cried	77.4654541015625
planchet . , porthos ? drawing-room when the study is so comfortable ? ” wager which could not have been foreseen , and of which i defy anyone to divine the true cause . had ended : took his hand , held it for an instant in his own , and letting it fall , “ all is useless , ” said he , “ he is dead . ” , above everything , good living in order to be good soldiers , only eating salt meat and bad biscuit , had many <unk> in their camp . ” to discharge our cargo in the night , and to convey it into the town , by the help of the innkeeper with whom we were connected . our	135.99993896484375
enterprise ; from which , besides , we can not retreat without shame . at this man with the long , thick and black hair and beard , which gave his head the appearance of one of <unk> ’ s portraits . you say , a kind feeling towards me . , then ? ” asked the queen , motioning to raoul to rise . . ” since we are to converse in a private room . perch for a <unk> , which <unk> the passers-by through this <unk> scene with its <unk> , monotonous note . ! ” said porthos . of mutual distress , i send you half my purse ; it is money to obtain which i made mazarin sweat . . ” queen ?	116.05819702148438
” said mazarin , looking fixedly at d ’ artagnan . who had never seriously thought of this impossible duel , endeavored to turn the conversation ; but he could not succeed . my heart , ” said gondy . feverish distraction , and in its progress visions , good and evil , passed through dantès ’ mind . ” them a cry was heard from the other two combatants . a footman appeared . ” replied the astonished king ; “ but why do you ask that ? ” i thank you with all my heart . ” face in her hands . , scattered , annihilated . smile of terrible <unk> passed over the count ’ s lips . aside , ” he said to the	85.66862487792969
masked man . i offer you , and is it not an easy thing , since it is only to do thus ? , madame danglars demanded , “ is this true ? ” you away , but you have had the <unk> and i am afraid that sitting up late may tire you . ” mind , she cast her eyes around her , and arranged the <unk> of the garden in her head . ” asked blaisois . is another proof of your affection . dantès in <unk> tones . good friend , ” said the coadjutor . plan of dividing the two acts of the opera with a ballet , the <unk> between the performances are very short , the <unk> in the opera having	102.46393585205078
time to repose themselves and change their costume , when necessary , while the dancers are executing their <unk> and exhibiting their graceful steps . monte cristo had made a lively impression on the minds of all the party assembled at the breakfast given by albert de morcerf ; and although debray was not in the habit of yielding to such feelings , he had never been able to shake off the powerful influence excited in his mind by the <unk> look and manner of the count , consequently the description given by lucien to the baroness bore the <unk> tinge of his own heated imagination . haste , monsieur , ” said d ’ artagnan , with the same simplicity with which a moment before he had	172.69786071777344
proposed to him to put off the duel for three days , “ and if it be your will to dispatch me at once , do not inconvenience yourself , i pray you . ” is to carry the letter to tours , and who to london ? ” most desirable connections which could possibly be formed ; he possesses fortune , a high rank in society , and every personal <unk> likely to render valentine <unk> happy , <unk> name , moreover , can not be wholly unknown to you . it ? ” good remembrance of what the youth had been , and was now to find out what the man had become . all the strength i possessed to force an entrance from the cramped	168.6892852783203
spot in which i lay to the adjoining room . . ” one that has ever taken place between the count and countess , who are still as much united , although married more than twenty years , as on the first day of their wedding . ” curiously examining the glass , which she felt certain of having emptied during the night . had made a mistake in the chamber , and that i had found my way into the apartment of some churchman . , and it was fortunate i did so , for at that moment caderousse entered with a stranger . and aramis well knew that they would be encountering great danger ; but we know that for men like these there could be	123.3455810546875
no question of danger . that horse ! ” friend , if i disturb you , ” said the man with the red handkerchief , “ but i want to speak to you . ” more song ; it is so delightful to hear music in the distance , when the <unk> are <unk> by observation . ” be too many . ” caderousse , “ why don ’ t you come ? has been of no consequence ? ” , or rather the <unk> of the same man , whom we have <unk> seen as assistant attorney at marseilles . ? ” , who has just left his study . ” head as if to say “ no . ” they are doing ? ” sure i	59.83723068237305
am . cried ; “ remain ; i wish it . ” quarrel like a <unk> ! evening in the garden after madame de saint-méran ’ s <unk> his system is accustomed to that very poison , and the dose was trifling to him , which would be fatal to another ; because no one knows , not even the assassin , that , for the last twelve months , i have given m. noirtier brucine for his paralytic affection , while the assassin is not ignorant , for he has proved that brucine is a violent poison . ” darkness with sailors whom he did not know , and who had no reason to be devoted to him ; who knew that he had several thousand francs	113.5096435546875
in his belt , and who had often examined his weapons , —which were very beautiful , —if not with envy , at least with curiosity . buckingham <unk> not set <unk> for france . . ” many things can be done . ” ” ? ” exclaimed d ’ artagnan . spoken in her favor , since lord de winter had not been willing to listen to him . , ” replied planchet , producing a bundle of straw . ” he said , “ is monsieur gondy , who <unk> to obey your majesty ’ s summons . ” said he , “ allow me to remind you at this moment , —which is perhaps not so ill-chosen as at first sight may appear , for	75.98452758789062
obedience to the wishes of the departed is the first offering which should be made at their tomb , <unk> me then to remind you of the wish expressed by madame de saint-méran on her death-bed , that valentine ’ s wedding might not be deferred . mousqueton . running about with torches . the two friends had sent to secure a box at the argentina theatre , and were told they were all let . franz with a sigh , “ do as you please my dear viscount , for your arguments are beyond my powers of <unk> . man is he ? ” saddle . ” lodge had long been extinct . continued felton , becoming more excited as he spoke , “ my lord ,	145.00164794921875
beware ! have franz and château-renaud ; they will be the very men for it . ” else . ” said beauchamp , in the most affectionate tone , “ i should gladly make an apology ; but , alas ! —— ” , that ought to have protected charles ’ s retreat , was advancing to meet the english regiments . one but morcerf the whole day . , could only see enough to recognize the form of her <unk> , not enough to distinguish her features . for this kind of adventure . well as this larger knife , out of an old iron <unk> ” the <unk> was sharp and keen as a <unk> ; as for the other knife , it would serve a	166.79150390625
double purpose , and with it one could cut and thrust . nature , like that of milady , days not spent in climbing are inauspicious days . me , whom you accuse of speaking loud and <unk> . your kindness , viscount , ” returned the count of monte cristo “ but i suppose that m. bertuccio has <unk> employed the four hours and a half i have given him , and that i shall find a carriage of some sort ready at the door . ” the service you have rendered me in being my seconds . not long . , he remained perfectly insensible to the enthusiasm of the two men in black . assassination , ” said de guiche . fool , ” said	129.11180114746094
aramis , as he got on his horse . around the room , and perceived that one of his men was missing . ” ; have it your own way . ” keep near the king . is about the distance that <unk> your chamber from mine ; only , unfortunately , i did not <unk> aright ; for want of the necessary <unk> instruments to calculate my scale of proportion , instead of taking an <unk> of forty feet , i made it fifty . mercédès , “ if it were so , if i possessed <unk> , but without the power to render that will efficacious , it would drive me to despair . ” instead of becoming calmer , the noise increases . ” heaven	124.83781433105469
, were watching a silvery cloud gliding over the azure , its form that of a shadow mounting towards heaven . the first <unk> , ” said danglars to himself . trembling voice was scarcely audible . with your highness ? ” asked la ramee . mademoiselle danglars and mademoiselle d ’ armilly accomplished their transformation and flight ; the fact being that everyone was too much occupied in his or her own affairs to think of theirs . i convey to the baroness ! ” her elbow , and had scarcely time to throw herself down on the bed and shade her eyes with her arm ; then , trembling , agitated , and her heart beating with indescribable terror , she awaited the event . ,	175.0155029296875
and were detected , i should lose my place , which is worth two thousand francs a year ; so that i should be a great fool to run such a risk for three hundred . ” said monte cristo <unk> , “ it is a hard blow for a third-rate fortune . ” for , and the inspector descended a <unk> , so foul , so humid , so dark , as to be <unk> to sight , smell , and respiration . will i even raised myself up , but only to sink down again immediately , and to fall into the arms of my persecutor . ” to be in <unk> ’ t tell them why now . understood that morrel , with the same	109.896728515625
expression in his eyes , placed his handkerchief to his mouth ; and these two living statues , whose hearts beat so violently under their marble aspect , separated from each other by the whole length of the room , forgot themselves for a moment , or rather forgot the world in their mutual contemplation . to his side some twenty of his musketeers , and pointing to the bench where his enemies were : “ fire on that bench ! ” he cried . a <unk> pistol which he held in his hand , and fell on his knees before his mistress . , yes and no . ” hand , and encountered an obstacle and with another stroke knew that he had gained the shore .	135.44801330566406
watched their approach from the window . <unk> ” peppino obeyed , and franz and the count were in utter darkness , except that fifty paces in advance of them a reddish glare , more evident since peppino had put out his torch , was visible along the wall . europe will be wealthy enough to purchase them . ” its appearance ; half the camp was at the barrier . him ! wedding suit . , i feel most grateful for your kindness , but i got out of my travelling carriage at your door this morning , and i am ignorant how i am installed in paris , which i scarcely know ; this is but a trifling <unk> , i know , but one that	187.5704803466797
may be appreciated . ” the shed . ” replied the young man , “ inasmuch as , instead of shedding tears as at the fictitious tale of woe produced at a theatre , you behold in a <unk> a case of real and genuine <unk> drama of life . , ” cried guitant . m. bonacieux was one of profound selfishness mixed with <unk> avarice , the whole <unk> with extreme cowardice . . , monsieur ? well ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . he . broke the line , and in a second all the carriages had disappeared . ” replied the latter . an air as majestic as that of an emperor , he stretched his hand towards that one of the roads which	124.392333984375
the traveller was to follow . ” spot where he was on the previous evening when his mysterious host had invited him to supper ; and he saw the little yacht , now like a <unk> on the wave , continuing her flight towards corsica . caderousse , waving his hand in token of adieu to danglars , and bending his steps towards the allées de meilhan , moving his head to and fro , and muttering as he went , after the manner of one whose mind was <unk> with one <unk> idea . , ” said andrea , “ am i to remain <unk> ? ” shrank from an encounter ; in short , he had been a soldier and arms <unk> a man ; it	128.71058654785156
was , therefore , on the footing of friends that d ’ artagnan and planchet arrived in the neighborhood of blois . ” said aramis , “ that young fellow is decidedly a spy . ” ; of which we each of us ate a <unk> with a hearty appetite . . d ’ artagnan , “ it is half past four , and we have scarcely time to be on the road of chaillot by six . ” twenty years , during which time i did not know what to do with myself , it never occurred to me to come to study rueil . ” his poniard , it will signify that the emperor ’ s intentions are not favorable , and i am to set	79.39556884765625
fire to the powder ; if , on the contrary , he send me his ring , it will be a sign that the emperor pardons him , and i am to extinguish the match and leave the <unk> <unk> ’ — ‘ my friend , ’ said my mother , ‘ when your master ’ s orders arrive , if it is the poniard which he sends , instead of <unk> us by that horrible death which we both so much dread , you will <unk> kill us with this same poniard , will you not ? ’ — ‘ yes , vasiliki , ’ replied selim tranquilly . done , then , dear grandpapa ? ” said valentine ; “ you no longer seem to love	146.37937927246094
any of us ? ” . ” ? ” asked aramis . , he should protect a king pursued by parliament . ” debray , who , joining in his friend ’ s conversation , added some passing compliments , the source of which the count ’ s talent for <unk> easily enabled him to guess . ” repeated several young people , who were already on sufficiently intimate terms with him to call him by his christian name . ? looked also for his sister and brother <unk> ; he soon discovered them in another box , and kissed his hand to them . cardinal . his heels , arrived breathlessly at the councillor ’ s door , and knocked violently . and heard her . who	139.3179931640625
had <unk> brought misfortune into her family , as though they had been strangers . ! d ’ artagnan , seizing his own ; “ now you understand , porthos ? ” not know that there are eight guards about him , four in his chamber , four in the antechamber , and that they never leave him . ” hey ? ” , explain yourself . ” ” said caderousse , letting his hand drop on the paper , “ there is here wherewithal to kill a man more sure than if we waited at the corner of a wood to assassinate him ! had told the truth when they announced to morcerf the proposed visit of the major , which had served monte cristo as a	87.89051055908203
pretext for <unk> albert ’ s invitation . would you do with me , a poor orphan , <unk> , without fortune , with nothing but a <unk> hut and a few ragged nets , the miserable inheritance left by my father to my mother , and by my mother to me ? so much the better ! ” said lord de winter . an air as athos , and the commencement of their intimacy often rendered him unjust toward that gentleman , whom he endeavored to <unk> by his splendid dress . certainly , but their principles you may ; to learn is not to know ; there are the <unk> and the learned . . ” so , at least . <unk> , and did not	128.77203369140625
pay the least attention to what was going on around her . <unk> but an english garden ; badly kept , i own , but still you must not <unk> it for that . ” a low moaning was heard , and he raised himself on one knee . bonacieux , who had never seen his wife in a passion , and who recoiled before this conjugal anger , “ madame , what do you say ? ” of seeing his highness ? ” ” year to no purpose ! ” cried dantès . heads of those who were not able to enter could be seen , all <unk> to their utmost height to try and see . bonacieux his name , age , condition , and abode	127.30572509765625
. <unk> ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . . in going to mass at notre dame , as she always did on <unk> , was followed by more than two hundred women demanding justice . spite of morcerf , that not only is the count the object of interest at this present moment , but also that he will continue to be so for a month longer if he pleases to <unk> an <unk> of conduct which , after all , may be his ordinary mode of existence . ” expend considerable effort to identify , do copyright research on , <unk> and <unk> works not protected by u.s. copyright law in creating the project gutenberg™ collection . for which i had been waiting during the last	214.77024841308594
year had at length arrived . service which you propose to render us , count ? ” asked anne of austria , after a moment ’ s silence . your hand , and i depart ! ” t be alarmed , although it is to a lady that i am going to present you , and i am anxious that you should love <unk> ” are rich ! stream he stopped the boat , and <unk> his burden over the water cried in a loud voice , “ let the justice of god be done ! ” and he let the corpse drop into the depths of the waters , which closed over it . the bastion were ignorant of the intentions of the man they saw coming	94.51197814941406
toward them , they fired upon him , and he fell , struck by a ball which broke his shoulder . was lively . made felton a man <unk> to ordinary seductions . s hand and said to him : t be inactive . ” it with that tone , do you , master gascon ? . ” by a low , <unk> hedge , two or three feet high . me . amounted to fifty thousand crowns , and he had , besides , the prospect of seeing her fortune increased to half a million at her father ’ s death . away , for they would send here for me , or , rather , farewell till i see you again . drew a line ,	116.84358215332031
or in other words projected a street , at the farther side of the kitchen-garden . porthos coming forward . hall , except that a few people still moved about and whispered to one another . ourselves into the wolf ’ s jaws , ” said aramis . smile lighted the <unk> features of the young woman . him slightly on the shoulder . the duel did not take place ? ” over the corpse , enter the boudoir , take the child in his arms , and flee far , far away . said , without you i can do nothing ; and i am afraid you will refuse me the favor i come to ask if you do not know to what end i ask it	142.41094970703125
. ” the crew of _la jeune amélie_ , —it was one of her regular <unk> . we have said , of great beauty . his sufferings , with their train of gloomy spectres , fled from his cell when the angel of death seemed about to enter . ; it is that of a friend who will love you to his last sigh . ” let me have a bottle of the least <unk> . ” all that for me ! must have been mad , senseless , to believe that snow would become animated or marble warm ; but what then ! , ” said milady . nostrils dilated as if eager for the smell of powder , and he <unk> like a horse . ”	147.25411987304688
replied maximilian ; “ but i fear you will <unk> it even more absurd than the first . ” as if not certain of the house she was seeking , lifted up her eyes to look around her , stopped , went backward , and then returned again . d ’ artagnan did not yet know milady . jacopo with an entirely new vessel , accompanying the gift by a donation of one hundred piastres , that he might provide himself with a suitable crew and other <unk> for his outfit , upon condition that he would go at once to marseilles for the purpose of inquiring after an old man named louis dantès , residing in the allées de meilhan , and also a young woman called	155.12451171875
mercédès , an inhabitant of the catalan village . s imprisonment was then related to them ; and as they were really gentlemen , they pronounced the host in the wrong . groslow , “ one every two hours . ” grotto , my friend , my house in the champs-élysées , and my château at tréport , are the marriage gifts bestowed by edmond dantès upon the son of his old master , morrel . carriage ? ” exclaimed albert . merely wish to overtake one of my friends , with whom i am going to hunt tomorrow at chapelle-en-serval . day on board before he had a very clear idea of the men with whom his lot had been cast . , in spite of the	133.93959045410156
<unk> attention of his host , who presented himself two or three times to inquire if he wanted anything . procureur was made up ; he felt assured that benedetto was guilty , and he hoped by his skill in conducting this aggravated case to flatter his self-love , which was about the only <unk> point left in his frozen heart . murmured d ’ artagnan . artagnan felt himself tremble to the very marrow of his bones . and go as far as the earth reaches . , made a sign in the affirmative . , then . ” kind of fascination at the sight of all this gold and all these bank-notes ; it seemed to me that i was in a dream , and ,	125.3418960571289
as it always happens in a dream , i felt myself riveted to the spot . the first blessed hour of our acquaintance , <unk> all my words and actions to your sentiments and ideas ? an expression of deep tenderness , while the count replied with an air of gentle gravity . true , one lives <unk> ” not a muscle of his face was discomposed ; only his glance flashed like a sword in returning the furious looks of the queen . the air hole some bread at the end of a fork , and some meat when he asks for it ; but alas ! spanish , but the family of morcerf is french , and , i have heard , one of the oldest	194.72666931152344
of the south of france . ” puritan officers were seated was round , and whether by chance or coarse intention , harrison sat with his back to the king . him the day i had the honor of receiving you ; he has been a soldier , a <unk> fact , everything . ? would be a coward ? ” cried the count . , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ that you will wait until i have proved myself worthy of it . ’ s consolation . ; the duke fights against us . pistoles , or thereabouts . ” that the four friends seemed to have no acquaintance with one another . . s only a temporary postponement , ” replied aramis ; “	75.89059448242188
i shall be one someday . not of a very sentimental character , the mercer ’ s pretty wife had made a real impression upon his heart . mean ? ” asked aramis . him with a smile . groslow , “ i beg you will take your places . ? ” asked raoul . . , it was already night . his place . the first of us to go ; peace be to him ! said the abbé ; “ it seems as if i were listening to the story of a dream . , put his foot on the spur to get down , the spur broke , he fell with a broken leg , and , instead of keeping quiet , took to crying	79.34493255615234
out like a <unk> . a bastion ? ” said a swiss , who was drinking rum out of a beer glass . of his spanish wine . to mousqueton recurred to his mind and with greater force because mousqueton , though he did not himself wait on the table , which would have been beneath him in his new position , appeared at the door from time to time and evinced his gratitude to d ’ artagnan by the quality of the wine he directed to be served . ? do not understand ) , was the reply . ” was the tranquil response ; “ i am too fond of art to attempt anything of that sort . damages - except for the “ right of	151.77772521972656
replacement or refund ” described in paragraph 1.f.3 , the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , the owner of the project gutenberg™ trademark , and any other party distributing a project gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement , disclaim all liability to you for damages , costs and expenses , including legal fees . the cardinal , “ are you a d ’ artagnan from béarn ? ” a place of this description , and when you have met with an <unk> spot , visit it , and if it possess the advantages desired , purchase it at once in your own name . loved , we hated together ; we shed , we mingled our blood together , and too probably , i may still add ,	255.5951690673828
that there may be yet a bond between us closer even than that of friendship ; perhaps there may be the bond of crime ; for we four , we once did condemn , judge and slay a human being whom we had not any right to cut off from this world , although apparently <unk> for hell than for this life . but they who so assiduously try to buy things cheap ought to permit others to seek more generous <unk> ” and porthos , turning on his heel , made a step to retire . <unk> , she had shared in the beauty for which its women are proverbial ; but that beauty had gradually withered beneath the <unk> influence of the slow fever so <unk>	321.1982421875
among <unk> by the ponds of <unk> and the marshes of <unk> . comminges , “ declare yourself at once ; will you obey or do you intend to rebel against the king ? ” ” discover her other name . ” ought never to name the persons who answer my questions , ” answered the child , “ for if i do i shall learn nothing further . ” athos has made me see , that ’ s all ; come here . ” amélie_ proposed as a place of landing the island of monte cristo , which being completely deserted , and having neither soldiers nor revenue officers , seemed to have been placed in the midst of the ocean since the time of the <unk>	118.78358459472656
<unk> by <unk> , the god of merchants and robbers , classes of mankind which we in modern times have separated if not made distinct , but which antiquity appears to have included in the same <unk> . the sword of the gentleman we may as well have the head of the puritan . replied athos , “ that we consider ourselves your prisoners and not free from the engagement we entered into . ” <unk> a magnificent <unk> , bearing the name of its maker , of parisian manufacture , and a count ’ s coronet . of the room without either embracing his mother or even bowing to the cardinal . <unk> us not dispute about words ; and since m. de monte cristo and m.	200.25709533691406
zaccone are the <unk> ” followed by barrois . ” he called pistache , he was often shut up for hours alone , <unk> , as every one supposed , its education . but my own opinion is she is a genoese . ” , and from pure devotion to the cause , for monsieur de bracieux is rich . ” so heavy when i was in peril , ” interrupted the queen , with a sad smile , “ and i ask no more for my husband than has been done for me ; you see that we are very humble monarchs , sir . ” are smiling . ” ” ? ” ” i have reached the goal , and i will go no farther .	96.34632873535156
? ” , he refuses to do so , it will then be quite time enough to admit two strangers into your secret . ” you were working for the good of our house and for the fortune of our daughter , i philosophically closed my eyes ; but as you have transformed that house into a vast ruin i will not be the foundation of another man ’ s fortune . allow me to assure you that your blow was so well directed that you have nearly killed your man . ” ? ” ’ s ring ? said , despite the cries of his conscience and the wise counsels of athos , d ’ artagnan became <unk> more in love with milady . of you .	106.72069549560547
, ” replied the <unk> “ or , at least , <unk> so , for my poor wife , who is the only person in the house besides myself , is laid up with illness , and unable to render me the least assistance , poor thing ! ” andrea was a very skilful and intelligent boy . , sword in hand , ” said charles . ” cardinal saluted the three friends with an inclination of his head , and took the right hand , followed by his <unk> that night he himself slept in the camp . usual post or whether it was by accident , monsieur bernouin was found standing behind the door and must have heard all that had passed . people had never	142.40048217773438
declared their affection ; they had grown together like two trees whose roots are mingled , whose branches <unk> , and whose <unk> perfume rises to the heavens . whisper to me that there must be something more than chance in this unexpected <unk> of friendship . : one drop of water <unk> to make the full vase overflow ; one slight fault may draw down punishment upon the head spared , despite many crimes . ” ? ” lackeys . , ” replied the gascon ; “ on the contrary , we think of announcing very soon that we have you here . ” four men ? ” to face with <unk> ! ! hope for the best ; hope is so sweet a <unk> . then	218.86151123046875
, and not an officer of justice ! ” and he closed his eyes with a groan . good , ” said château-renaud . , as i said before , let us speak of yourself . out d ’ artagnan , “ take care of the lackey ; i will manage the master . ” d ’ artagnan , “ all this leads to nothing . a favorite with cucumetto , as he had for three years faithfully served him , and as he had saved his life by shooting a dragoon who was about to cut him down , he hoped the chief would have pity on him . . the dear boy , our little edmond ? ’ not save my life , but he may	78.91749572753906
strengthen me to give my evidence . ” entertain the haughty idea that i have not yet made you an offer equal to your value ? ” asked the cardinal , with a smile of disdain . you adopt for this singular complaint ? ” and the absence of my protector have cast me down , certainly , but not forever . said the musketeer . <unk> judge with her , he had condemned her to death , and she , crushed by remorse , struck with terror , covered with the shame inspired by the eloquence of <unk> irreproachable virtue , <unk> , a poor , weak woman , without help or the power of defending herself against his absolute and supreme will , <unk> might at	162.7779083251953
that very moment , perhaps , be preparing to die ! such a chaos of <unk> . indian . ” said aramis . d ’ if with the round , open , smiling face of a young and happy man , with whom the early paths of life have been smooth , and who <unk> a future corresponding with his past . pay your court to her again , and if this time you succeed in pleasing her in your own name and with your own face , it will be much worse than before . ” where the art comes in . it still no attractions for you ? ? ” said d ’ artagnan . , very well , ” said he ; “ but ,	91.91668701171875
_pardieu_ , if you don ’ t calm yourself , i will design a second _fleur-de-lis_ upon one of those pretty cheeks ! ” do you leave ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ should this man attempt to fly or to call out , pass your sword through his body . ” , in the name of the king , and without prejudice to the respect which i have the honor to owe to your majesty a close examination into all your papers . ” cried dantès in a paroxysm of delight . never come . ” and wiped the cold drops from his brow ; there was something awful in hearing the son read aloud in trembling pallor these details of his father ’ s death	122.8210678100586
, which had hitherto been a mystery . ” he replied , “ i am the only victim in this case . master is ! ” , brother-in-law of that <unk> . ” , the trademark owner , and any <unk> under this agreement will not be liable to you for actual , direct , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> or <unk> damages even if you give notice of the possibility of such damage . of the apartment , he ran upstairs , expecting to find his father in his study , but he rapped there in vain . reports afloat , was no longer to be had ; and to meet the one hundred thousand francs due on the 15th of the present month , and the	134.94569396972656
one hundred thousand francs due on the 15th of the next month to m. de boville , m. morrel had , in reality , no hope but the return of the _pharaon_ , of whose departure he had <unk> from a vessel which had weighed anchor at the same time , and which had already arrived in harbor . words , “ it is not the queen with whom the people are displeased , ” had pricked up his ears , thinking that the coadjutor was about to speak of the cries , “ down with mazarin , ” and pleased with gondy ’ s <unk> of this fact , he said with his sweetest voice and his most gracious expression : was burning in one of the	112.56080627441406
highest windows of the tower . four of you , but i am more likely to kill the first than the second , the second than the third , and the third than the last . foundation was reported to be <unk> ; but the report did not prevent the new occupant <unk> himself there with his modest furniture the same day at five o ’ clock . the rue tiquetonne with porthos , still possessed by the wish to find out who the man was that he had killed . , because had we allowed her to live she would have persisted in her work of destruction . would kill me to remain long near that dreadful man . ” ” said athos , coolly , “	130.94337463378906
since here it is . ” , and will punish me with her . ” cried bonacieux . to say , in case of <unk> , was the proverbial <unk> <unk> ! <unk> knows that i estimated them at their real value , and that they are not high in my <unk> on principle . ” said morrel , calmly . ” exclaimed eugénie , “ what has happened to your ward ? for you , valentine ? ” and inoffensive , the syrup will retain its color ; if , on the contrary , the lemonade be <unk> with poison , the syrup will become green . , ” said the count with a haughty expression . ’ said he , ‘ do you like blows with	91.26372528076172
a cane ? ’ ‘ i can not say , monsieur , ’ answered i ; ‘ no one has ever dared to give me <unk> ’ ‘ well , listen to me , then , monsieur the abbé ! ! ” returned the cardinal . far from looking for us among the puritans ; therefore , with the puritans we must go . ” one thing to determine him to resume his cassock , which hangs behind his uniform , ” said another musketeer . , i pray you . ” in a hurry to <unk> crowns for our scotchman . ” exclaimed de winter , “ your majesty abandons yourself to despair ; and yet , perhaps , there still remains some hope . ” horsemen	116.59296417236328
, with figures slight and upright , noble faces , bright and proud looks , loyal and intelligent smiles . noirtier . ! ” observed franz . , and as aramis had no longer any reason to <unk> him , he bade him come in . the four friends turned round . child ’ s birth ? ” those three elements when i am no longer present to <unk> them ? given orders to your valet de chambre to put in all you are likely to need , —your plain clothes and your uniform . our clothes . ” : “ go , monsieur , ” he said ; “ ride fast and give this letter to monsieur de grammont . ” ” said valentine , “ you	120.20875549316406
mean that i have yet a kind grandfather left , do you <unk> ” the old man intimated that such was his meaning . face in the bosom of athos , and <unk> aloud . you yesterday and the day before , but in vain . thought that prisoners who died in the château d ’ if were interred in an ordinary <unk> , and he conveyed the dead man into his own cell , took his place in the sack in which they had <unk> up the corpse , and awaited the moment of <unk> . ” his three names , a <unk> coronet to <unk> upon the panels of his carriage ! , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> ; it is charming	90.52984619140625
, let them <unk> moment . i did myself the honor of calling upon you , in order to beg for an explanation . ” greek , ” asked he . him your patronage . ” saint denis , the friends found a vast <unk> of people . madame , and i will not finish . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , emptying his glass , “ that is all i wanted of you . chapter of the life of pope alexander <unk> , were the following lines , which i can never forget : — said d ’ artagnan , resolved to be patient to the end , “ it is not aramis i seek , but the abbé d ’ herblay . a little	75.4507827758789
? is about to be resumed , monseigneur . ” said athos , “ allow me to tell you that everybody is tired of war . the painter of a <unk> from the iron ring that secured it to the <unk> at leghorn , wrapped himself in his coat and lay down , and said to the crew , — “ to the island of elba ! ” of m. rochefort , whom he had seen in notre dame ; could de rochefort have forestalled him with athos ? or six <unk> ; you shall choose the best . , ” said marshal de grammont , “ consider that when we have collected all our forces we shall have hardly thirteen thousand men . ” agitation louis xviii	123.9001693725586
. had delivered her from the hands of the demons who wished to search and ill treat her ; and this important service had established between them one of those sentiments of gratitude which so easily assume a more tender character . ” and raised his eyes to heaven ; then <unk> down from his bed he went to the window , and pulling aside the curtain tried to distinguish the figures outside , but in vain . first consolation . are at last , ” said one of them . my wife . ” porthos , “ you can ’ t think that , d ’ artagnan ! ” to tréville , who left him and rejoined the musketeers , whom he found sharing the forty pistoles	115.42615509033203
with d ’ artagnan . order four men to conduct them to my lodging . ” . ” searching eye than the cardinal de richelieu , and d ’ artagnan felt this glance run through his veins like a fever . which said , “ is that all ? <unk> , then. ” and then accompanying the glance with <unk> words , “ that is but too just , ” said she , tenderly . at châlons , where the count ’ s <unk> waited for them . followed him this evening to the opera , and , concealed in a <unk> box , have seen all . ” and ignominy ? a lesson the day after to-morrow ? ” d ’ artagnan who wounded jussac one day	117.28244018554688
, in that unfortunate encounter which took place near the convent of the <unk> ? ” asked the king , looking at the cardinal , who colored with vexation . ? ” said porthos . abbé limited himself to objects of strict necessity . not find her majesty ungrateful . ” breathless , he became unconscious of outward objects ; he seemed to be entering that vague delirium preceding death . order to warn their masters when anyone passes are not lackeys , they are sentinels . ” ” said d ’ artagnan . her <unk> chamber , shivering in her chair , or stretched languid and feeble on her bed , while her husband kept his daily watch at the <unk> duty he performed with so much	168.97732543945312
the greater <unk> , as it saved him the necessity of listening to the <unk> <unk> and murmurs of his <unk> , who never saw him without breaking out into bitter <unk> against fate ; to all of which her husband would calmly return an <unk> reply , in these philosophic words : so <unk> thou known mousqueton well . ” a <unk> , a <unk> ! a sign with his head . on the alert , but it was too late ; our vessel was surrounded , and amongst the custom-house officers i observed several gendarmes , and , as terrified at the sight of their uniforms as i was brave at the sight of any other , i sprang into the hold , opened a port	186.6218719482422
, and dropped into the river , dived , and only rose at intervals to breathe , until i reached a ditch that had recently been made from the rhône to the canal that runs from beaucaire to <unk> . to how he should <unk> seamen are welcome everywhere . you to tell you that we must never see each other again . ” say , d ’ artagnan , ” said athos , with a smile of sadness and contempt . and i was not mistaken . ” my quality of a husband this concerns me . the <unk> were aroused by athos . ” say the gospel and the cardinal , ” replied athos . his host , or appears to forget him , under the	132.73348999023438
pretense of not knowing where he has been carried , we will not forget him , and we know where he is . ! ” returned the prince . the young man , looking fearfully around him . and with him fatigue had prevailed over hunger . and struck it once . sent to summon all the curates with whom he had any connection to his house . of the sword , milady endeavored to get near enough to him to stab him , and did not stop till she felt the sharp point at her throat . , he had three colleagues , three brave men , men such as you were wishing for just now . ” to him you must have seen him . ”	137.3881378173828
” said d ’ artagnan in a subdued voice , “ i , the comte de wardes . ” planchet , ” said aramis , whilst athos smiled on seeing what important rank was held in the city <unk> by the former comrade of mousqueton , bazin and grimaud . the liberator , the father of the people ! of d ’ artagnan and pushed a spring in the wall ; the <unk> turned and the orange tree resumed its place . terrible , ” he said . what has become of him ? ” the young man ’ s indifference . fact , at daybreak , the court made preparations to quit saint germain . was villefort who seemed to entreat , and the prisoner who reassured	82.37296295166016
him . said athos . <unk> . trademark , and may not be used if you charge for an ebook , except by following the terms of the trademark license , including paying royalties for use of the project gutenberg trademark . god has forgiven you , and i will forgive you too . ” of the aim . him ( i know that sometimes prisons afford means of escape ) , will you leave him in prison ? ” s apartments there ? in the collection are in the public domain in the united states . all that he had seen and heard . tonight , he said , in an undertone . a moment . , vanity ! ” my tongue , but i will try	135.20106506347656
to show that it is good for something . the king . ” some other person ? ” it was evident that he was thinking of other things as he listened to his friend and moved toward de winter . of monte cristo has done for you . ” ” , but reflecting that the sight of the deputy procureur running through the streets would be enough to throw the whole city into confusion , he resumed his ordinary pace . the eyes of spada was that of his nephew , in full costume , and cæsar borgia paying him most marked attentions . , are all that i shall need for my escort . ” ? ” a glance of the most profound scrutiny . porthos ;	117.52125549316406
“ would i were but a baron ! ” name is valentine , and i have already prayed for her . ” and attempted to fall back . that amount , the beggar ; not one too many . ” danglars , “ have always intended giving my daughter 500,000 francs as her dowry ; she is , besides , my sole heiress . ” poor catalan <unk> , without education or resources , make a fortune ? should scarcely have gone to rueil without great caution . look around him and observing the same signs of antipathy between the prisoner and his guardian he smiled in token of his inward satisfaction . to dine . then , sir ? ” cried dantès joyfully . the man was	180.09127807617188
at least two hundred paces in advance of him , and there was not a chance of overtaking him . to this marriage with m. de morcerf on account of loving another ? ” as that of d ’ artagnan , this indulgence was a light by which he caught a glimpse of a better future . any means , ” said the young man ; “ i was born for a diplomatist . ” for us , ” said athos . cavalier , ’ said the priest , ‘ if you will be content with the remains of my supper and with half my chamber . ’ ? ” i have reflected on your arguments and i am convinced . colored lanterns , according to the italian	87.1202163696289
custom , and , as is usual in countries where the luxuries of the <unk> rarest of all luxuries in their complete <unk> well understood , the <unk> was loaded with <unk> and flowers . attorney is informed by a friend to the throne and religion that one edmond dantès , second in command on board the _pharaon_ , this day arrived from smyrna , after having touched at naples and porto-ferrajo , is the bearer of a letter from murat to the usurper , and of another letter from the usurper to the bonapartist club in paris . there can be no supper unless he is allowed to be present . ” ” said andrea . said porthos , “ there ’ s phoebus ruined . ”	147.11488342285156
the baroness reluctantly gave him , and led her respectfully back to the door . of first entering the drawing-room , had not once lost sight of the expression of the young man ’ s countenance ; he had admired the assurance of his look and the firmness of his voice ; but at these words , so natural in themselves , “ your father is indeed here , and is seeking you , ” young andrea started , and exclaimed , “ my father ? that ’ s nothing new ; no , we ’ ve been used to those acclamations for some time . ” me the remedy i have twice successfully taken , was no other than the celebrated cabanis , and he predicted a	168.96322631835938
similar end for me . ” intercept a correspondence between chalais and the <unk> , and even then , when i was discovered i was nearly torn to pieces . the point of his sword at his throat . , ’ murmured my mother , <unk> quietly to await the approach of death . it is owing to him that we are free . ” , when the arrow lights point <unk> on somebody ’ s head . ” , the king ought to defend himself to the last . ” ” conduct monsieur le cardinal neither to de beaufort , nor to de bouillon , nor to the coadjutor , nor to d ’ elbeuf . with pistols , gentlemen ? to that yellow , sickly paleness	136.68373107910156
which indicates the <unk> of the <unk> in the blood , and which might , besides , be <unk> , d ’ artagnan remarked something <unk> significant in the play of the <unk> features of his countenance . the count , ‘ so great was ali pasha ’ s confidence , that on his death-bed he resigned his favorite mistress and her daughter to my care . ’ ” have i to say ? ” said la ramee , “ now we are quite at our ease and enjoying ourselves , pray tell me one of those forty ways invented by your highness . ” of whose song was his intention to assassinate me . ” relations , if he had any , might have some interest in	121.65050506591797
knowing if he were dead or alive . ” <unk> the good god . they stopped the horses and cut the escort to pieces , whilst i opened the doors of the carriage and monsieur de rochefort jumped out and soon was lost amongst the crowd . left the kitchen on the right , and entered the reception room . were called when your honored brother married us ? much astonished , raised her head to look at him , but his face was so gloomy and terrible that her words froze to her lips . pour the contents of the saucepan into dantès ’ plate , and dantès , after eating his soup with a wooden spoon , <unk> the plate , which thus served for every	235.637939453125
day . . mind ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . the count , astonished at his perseverance , which he could not understand , and looking still more earnestly at maximilian , “ let it begin again , —it is like the house of the <unk> ; 19 god has condemned them , and they must submit to their punishment . it , <unk> that it gave some promise of safety . was given to <unk> , breathless , <unk> ; we thought it dead . ” villefort ? ” and me by your folly . ” no property , ” interposed aramis . others ? ” ” said the englishman , and he laughed too ; but he laughed as the english do , “ at	84.8979263305664
the end of his teeth . ” your puritans <unk> in that color . ” would you have me retire on twelve hundred francs ? ” your grimaud ! them here . <unk> ” louis xviii . of an enemy ! ” said athos ; “ for whom , then , do you take me ? ” not so dangerously wounded as you think , ” said raoul . and the laughing recommenced . three years older than you are , raoul , when i saw him set to work , <unk> against tried men . ” grant it ? ” d ’ artagnan to himself . side to give place to a young man of refined and dignified bearing , with large and open brow , piercing	88.87516021728516
eyes , and black moustache , whom our readers have already seen at marseilles , under circumstances sufficiently dramatic not to be forgotten . excellency like to hear ? ” , a moment ; give grimaud time to clear away the breakfast . ” made its last <unk> , and every man in france capable of bearing arms rushed to obey the summons of the emperor . ” ” added he in a low tone , “ take care to throw away that cup of syrup of violets in the ashes . ” friends , who anxiously awaited him , saw him returned with joy . , ” said porthos , resuming his melancholy air ; “ but i have been taught my mistake . ” , ”	139.04237365722656
said the italian , bowing . when i pass the threshold of this house . ” been told that i should see you today at seven o ’ clock . ” he , between his teeth , “ is there truth in the proverb that fortune comes while one sleeps ? ” said she seduced him , did you not ? ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ for my part , i am eating <unk> <unk> with <unk> and vegetables . ” and may this money profit you ! be , the eloquence of the grandson of henry iv . done this . ” , in which the most dangerous and desperate prisoners are confined , is called the court of <unk> . . <unk> she ,	95.66458892822266
clasping her hands . wife . crowd is dressed in the most fantastic <unk> <unk> walk gravely about , <unk> ’ heads <unk> from men ’ s shoulders , dogs walk on their hind legs ; in the midst of all this a mask is lifted , and , as in <unk> ’ s temptation of st. <unk> , a lovely face is exhibited , which we would fain follow , but from which we are separated by troops of <unk> . his flesh and groaned aloud . five hundred crowns for you , and five hundred crowns for me . ” grimaud some indispensable orders . ” and then descended the stairs . , ” was the count ’ s reply ; “ only impenetrable , that	208.3298797607422
’ s all . you were going , i think , to visit madame de longueville . ” you about , aramis ? ” continued athos . a gentle wave of the hand , monte cristo signed to the distracted mother to lay aside her apprehensions ; then , opening a casket that stood near , he drew forth a phial of <unk> glass <unk> with gold , containing a liquid of the color of blood , of which he let fall a single drop on the child ’ s lips . was afraid to encounter him face to face . ” you not , my most precious wife ? away my sword ! in vain to shake off the heavy darkness of the sleep from which i	134.6996612548828
could not rouse myself . duke bowed low to monsieur de chavigny . like , my prince ; there ’ s liberty for all the world . the whole night thus . of my <unk> , and as many handkerchiefs as i was master of , to complete the precious pages . pieces out of his mouth and presented them with great formality to monsieur de chavigny , saying that for that evening the entertainment was ended , but in three months it should be repeated , when pistache would have learned a few new tricks . that of the king were opposite to them . replied the prince ; “ surely , at the death of mazarin . for instantly . ” know two things ; what	137.33285522460938
was the second ? ” matter ? my affairs , ” said mazarin , “ since you will tell me <unk> of yours . our affair of the rue férou , i received a sword wound which at the end of fifteen or eighteen days produced the same effect . ” ” ” hope , ” replied faria , shaking his head , “ but no matter ; god wills it that man whom he has created , and in whose heart he has so profoundly rooted the love of life , should do all in his power to preserve that existence , which , however painful it may be , is yet always so dear . ” you take him ? ” going away in that manner	101.27299499511719
? ” said madame de saint-méran , “ and leave me with this gentleman . ” my head on the block and say ‘ remember ! ’ then strike boldly . ” by means of which i could <unk> the lungs , ” said d ’ avrigny , looking around him , “ perhaps i might prevent <unk> . my pardon , monsieur , ” said mazarin , “ for you fatigued yourself in my service . ” was stationed the lawyer who was to conduct his defence , and who had been appointed by the court , for andrea <unk> to pay any attention to those details , to which he appeared to attach no importance . of him . ” the château at the same time	73.67897033691406
, but he was not wicked , he was only a poor mad priest . ” the affair of murder and <unk> at the count of monte cristo ’ s , in which he nearly fell a victim , <unk> us of the pleasure of seeing m. de villefort . ” wholly <unk> to any gentler method of correction . of his master ’ s voice calling his <unk> . monte cristo , “ why was i absent ? the blast as it swept along disheveled her brow , as it bowed the branches of the trees and bore away their leaves . , raoul ! ascertain whether these fifty or sixty pistoles are worth the risk of four heads . ” sat in the furthest corner of	138.27586364746094
the room , as if determined to be merely a spectator of the proceedings . the young man , deeply affected , “ i will not say you are all i love in the world , for i dearly prize my sister and brother-in-law ; but my affection for them is calm and tranquil , in no manner resembling what i feel for you . mazarin again . accept it ? ” in her conversation with you , that your wife mentioned no names ? ” read : after <unk> the infant from its living grave , you did not restore it to its mother ? young man ; do not fatigue yourself with speaking . corsican bandits doing here with spanish smugglers ? ” ; but if	185.61378479003906
i can serve you in any way i shall be delighted . ” and is dantès triumphant in spite of all we have believed ? ” jingling of spurs was heard on the stairs . said gondy , laughing , “ are you a boy to play with firearms ? ” ” to pace the room in gloomy silence , <unk> avoiding the sight of his guest ; but as soon as the stranger had completed his repast , the agitated innkeeper went eagerly to the door and opened it . a bonapartist ? ” asked monte cristo ; “ i think i remember that you told me something of that kind . ” ” foes on the high road can well meet two in the place royale	103.20195007324219
. ” extraordinary man , ” said danglars ; “ and philosophers may well say it is a fine thing to be rich . ” are turning ? , let us suppose it is providence . reached that supreme moment when the bravest feel a shudder in their veins , when suddenly , in the direction of the rue de l ’ <unk> , the crowd opened , crying : “ long live the coadjutor ! ” and gondy , in <unk> and cloak , appeared , moving tranquilly in the midst of the fusillade and bestowing his <unk> to the right and left , as undisturbed as if he were leading a procession of the fete dieu . ! ” dantès ’ lips ; he <unk> jacopo	142.48858642578125
’ s hand warmly , but nothing could shake his determination to <unk> remain alone . said athos , “ aramis is right . letter from oliver cromwell ? ” said mazarin . villefort , “ i must ! ” last , ” he said , “ not without some trouble , though . ” slowly , and the same face appeared , only it was now still more pale than before . recognized the bandit , whose existence he would not believe when albert de morcerf mentioned him in paris ; and not only did he recognize him , but the cell in which albert had been confined , and which was probably kept for the <unk> of strangers . has not told us his idea yet	112.0904312133789
. ” he knew nothing , or would not say what he knew . the presence of the cardinal . you tell me what i most wish to know ? ” that of a lover for his mistress <unk> , undoubtedly , in some paternal hearts toward a son . , he who had spoken second , was ten paces in front of his companion . a visit this evening , ” replied he . sat with his back toward her . d ’ artagnan , “ why don ’ t you give yourself up directly , feet and hands bound , to that wretch ? said he , “ that i will take coffee with her , and give her to understand that i desire permission to	81.09302520751953
present one of my friends to her . ” <unk> which mazarin made anne undergo more frequently than any other , and one that bowed her head with shame . himself , so rapid is the flight of our dreams upon the wings of imagination , accosted by a messenger from the young woman , who brought him some billet <unk> a meeting , a gold chain , or a diamond . that , <unk> save you . ” vivid imagination , had already seen the advantage to be derived from his situation . maximilian , “ you shall not leave him . fall ! ” cried morrel . st. gervais , athos , and the napkin which was converted into a <unk> ? ” and he then	123.8804931640625
related to raoul the story of the bastion , and raoul fancied he was listening to one of those deeds of arms belonging to days of <unk> , so <unk> recounted by <unk> and <unk> . of this <unk> and water ? ” , ” said mordaunt , advancing a few steps to the door by which he had entered . but ascend and descend the steps which led to the chapel ; at night , in addition to <unk> and <unk> , they were further obliged to leap twenty times out of their beds and prostrate themselves on the floor of their cells . wholly personal : she was thinking only of villefort ’ s departure . convinced you . ; favorable yesterday , she may turn	157.6654510498047
her back tomorrow . ” moment , the wounded man was not yet dead . ” said danglars , smiling . <unk> that letter into your pocket ! ” ” said monte cristo , astonished at the coolness and freedom of the question . esteems him very highly , and de tréville , as you know , is one of the queen ’ s greatest friends . the stables , already taken a look at the horses and given the necessary orders for the day , whilst athos and aramis were still in bed and porthos <unk> . week at leghorn before the hold of his vessel was filled with printed <unk> , <unk> <unk> , english powder , and tobacco on which the <unk> had forgotten to	111.39397430419922
put its mark . swords appear like flashes of lightning ; as for the men , they were scarcely perceptible , the darkness was so great . , ” continued mme . old man . turned towards his visitor , having his back towards the window , his elbow resting on the <unk> <unk> which furnished the theme of conversation for the moment , —a conversation which assumed , as in the case of the <unk> with danglars and morcerf , a turn <unk> to the persons , if not to the situation . second . ” and found d ’ artagnan already on horseback , and growing impatient . the stranger followed him . easy . andrea to the scaffold , and there , in spite of	112.29682922363281
his struggles , his bites , and his cries , had forced him to his knees . wretch , who struck at us all and at those dear to us . ” ” said milady , “ you must be either drunk or mad . their turn , leading their masters ’ steeds . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but the man who has abducted <unk> you know him ? ” have said . ” the lights , the two fugitives , looking and listening eagerly , with outstretched <unk> , opened the door of a dressing-room which led by a side staircase down to the yard , <unk> going first , and holding with one arm the portmanteau , which by the opposite handle mademoiselle	109.44213104248047
d ’ armilly scarcely raised with both hands . you speaking , dear constance ? ” receiving an answer . , ” replied broussel , “ what is this order ? ” and he held out his hand . violent the king ’ s prejudices were against the queen , and how carefully these prejudices were kept up by the cardinal , who in affairs of intrigue mistrusted women infinitely more than men . the king , but supposing i happened to be killed on account of mazarin , as your nephew came near being to-day , there could be nothing in paradise , however well placed i might be there , that could console me for it . ” d ’ artagnan again bent his way toward	148.6076202392578
the ferry . , ” said the footman , on hearing the names which the queen had so often pronounced with hope , “ in that case it is another thing , and i think her majesty will pardon me for not keeping you here a moment . the base of a pillar , lighted up with its pale and flickering flame the singular scene which presented itself to the eyes of the two visitors concealed in the shadow . ? ” impatiently expecting them , for at the first slight noise she heard in the hall leading to her room she came herself to the door to receive these courtiers in the corridors of misfortune . i said , is between the court and the garden ;	159.5565948486328
in this way , do you see ? ” andrea drew the garden , the court and the house . must monsieur pierrefonds have , when he was so fond of eating and drinking , even whilst he was only called monsieur porthos ! ” part well ; he was aware that opportunity has a <unk> only for him who will take it and he was not a man to let it go by him without seizing it . delight , for the large handwriting of porthos was discernible , and underneath some lines traced by his worthy spouse . have nothing more to say to me . ” ” exception be made in her favor ? ’ about money , if you please ; it is humiliating	152.2083740234375
. ” and heard not the noise of the fall of louis xviii. ’ s throne , or the still more tragic destruction of the empire . this plan to you on the day you received my first invitation ; but you did not come . room for <unk> , his companion rejoined him and the boat began to move more rapidly . if you don ’ t get out , ” said porthos at last , seizing mousqueton by the throat . reply , but his voice died on his lips , and he could not utter a word . began to talk about everything ; about the bad quality of the food , about the coldness of his dungeon , grumbling and complaining , in order	129.4614715576172
to have an excuse for speaking louder , and <unk> the patience of his jailer , who out of kindness of heart had brought <unk> and white bread for his prisoner . replied d ’ artagnan , pulling out his treasure from his pocket , and placing it on the table . in vain on the <unk> face of the gascon and the <unk> countenance of porthos . losing her senses ! ” men , unquestionably brave , whose courage no man would have dared dispute ; nevertheless , at that voice , that accent and those gestures , they felt a chill access of terror <unk> their veins . to do ? ” inquired the count . , but will he love me less as his affection	125.1023941040039
grows for her ? ” ! , monsieur ? ” pale but nevertheless still splendid , was setting in the horizon , <unk> at once the heavens and the sea with bands of fire , and casting upon the towers and the old houses of the city a last ray of gold which made the windows sparkle like the reflection of a <unk> . to me now , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i am no longer hungry . ” thousand louis a year from him . and may god aid you ! ” bad , ” said athos , after having tasted like a <unk> and indicated by a nod of his head that he thought the wine good ; “ and one may draw	114.12471008300781
fifty or sixty pistoles from this good man . the old man . to the cardinal . ” you , monsieur , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ ’ tis only because monsieur de la fere has spoken of friendship that i question your conduct . ” government , and i ought not to waste it ; but , having received the signal that i might rest for an hour ” ( here he glanced at the <unk> , for there was everything in the enclosure of <unk> , even a <unk> ) , “ and having ten minutes before me , and my strawberries being <unk> , when a day <unk> , sir , do you think dormice eat them ? ” , sir ; the	81.36163330078125
abbé ’ s dungeon was forty or fifty feet distant from that of one of bonaparte ’ s emissaries , —one of those who had contributed the most to the return of the usurper in 1815 , a very resolute and very dangerous man . ” i see now that it is only your fortune of which you deprive me ; you still leave me the love which i have always enjoyed . ” is . ” , or of the <unk> ? ” passed through the same door that had afforded a passage for the two fugitives , went up to d ’ artagnan ’ s door , and knocked . the gate , and no one whom we do not know shall pass . ” the	95.55503845214844
gate . were those men ? ” , monseigneur , ” resumed the trembling host ; “ for i now recollect you . thinking them merely a few pieces of little value ; but the light of the torch revealed their true worth . think you have anything to say against me ? , in order to satisfy his conscience . the countess , smiling , “ i see my vampire is only some millionaire , who has taken the appearance of lara in order to avoid being confounded with m. de rothschild ; and you have seen her ? ” me in that which i am accomplishing . into the past do your recollections extend ? ” dame ! , i ask a hundred pardons ! and	126.13006591796875
looked at albert , while playing with some magnificent pistols . heiress i am . to defend the door <unk> ; and as , betrayed by the mistress of the inn , he could not say that aramis was absent , he endeavored to prove to the newcomer that it would be the height of indiscretion to disturb his master in his pious conference , which had commenced with the morning and would not , as bazin said , terminate before night . this corner of france and return to the cardinal it would take her at least three days . plainly he is not dead . him , advanced his hand toward the hilt of the dagger . king again ? ” every voice . empty .	140.06748962402344
” like a defeated man , heaved a sigh that was like a groan , and then suddenly looking her full in the face , with clenched teeth and expanded nostrils , said , — “ but if he is <unk> ” are not to sit down to table , ” said debray , “ take a glass of sherry , and tell us all about it . ” that at the moment when edmond was about to begin his labor , he stopped , laid down his pickaxe , seized his gun , mounted to the summit of the highest rock , and from thence gazed round in every direction . , how very well behaved they are ; there is quite a style about them .	135.57098388671875
s apartments , but were compelled to stop in the ante-chamber , since her majesty was at that moment giving audience to gentlemen bringing her news from england . rochefort , ” he said . given to himself . ” lose time ; you are the subject on which i wish to speak . ” ; but she is built to stand any weather . doubt , the young man reflected a little , for he went towards his groom , saying : driven a bargain when it was to equip a cavalier like you . ” t worry about me , sir <unk> , ” said danglars ; then turning to monte cristo he said : , but these details are necessary , and you promised to	104.9214096069336
be patient . ” your plans more accurately ; we shall get out into the gallery you have described ; kill the sentinel who guards it , and make our escape . was in india with zaccone . ” young man had turned around ; indeed , morrel saw with surprise that the men who had brought him had left without being paid , or uttering a word . , for valentine ’ s head swam , and she staggered ; madame de villefort instantly hastened to her assistance , and aided her husband in dragging her to the carriage , saying : left the room , noirtier looked at valentine with a <unk> expression that said many things . the saddle , then the old companions in	159.4789276123047
arms again shook hands . offended <unk> who ever since i have known her have lived at her feet like a slave ? the affairs of the vessel , and hastened to visit my affianced bride , whom i found more lovely than ever . that i come to you from the cardinal . ” send it back ? ” you saved , was it not ? ” cried morcerf ; “ it was for him that you obtained pardon ? ” will do as he says , ” he murmured , with his little monkey smile ; “ but they may do as they please , the brave gentlemen ! one of his best , but not such a one as he made for la ramee .	138.3053436279297
, ” said the lieutenant . who alone recognized you has been the only one to comprehend you ; and had she crossed your path , and you had crushed her like glass , still , edmond , still she must have admired you ! chapter liii . ” asked beauchamp . little sloop , with a narrow <unk> and high <unk> , bearing on its flag the monte cristo arms which were a mountain <unk> , on a sea <unk> , with a cross <unk> in chief which might be an allusion to his name that recalled <unk> , the mount rendered by our lord ’ s passion more precious than gold , and to the <unk> cross which his blood had rendered holy ; or it	182.4363555908203
might be some personal remembrance of suffering and <unk> buried in the night of this mysterious personage ’ s past life . the art of being dull with dignity . <unk> . ” <unk> upon which the invited ladies were to be placed ; the city grocer had ornamented the chambers with two hundred <unk> of white wax , a piece of luxury unheard of at that period ; and twenty violins were ordered , and the price for them fixed at double the usual rate , upon condition , said the report , that they should be played all night . reassure me greatly . ” me ? ” him leave to go twice a week , and he was now availing himself of that permission .	224.46624755859375
the case it would be worth while to make some sacrifice . ” cried the boy , his eyes sparkling with joy , “ if i can find out where bazin is going ? menace terrifies me . athos , “ i may be mistaken , i haven ’ t the <unk> eye of d ’ artagnan . ” to your health , and you to mine ? ” said d ’ artagnan , filling two glasses with the <unk> wine which he had obtained from the <unk> of m. bonacieux . me to make a confidant of a friend and reveal to him the love i bear you ? ” him , then , emmanuel ? ” she asked . of the baron ; but as the	56.874267578125
baroness evidently regretted parting with them , i ventured to send them back to her , with a request that she would gratify me by accepting them from my hands . ” andrea , after a moment ’ s hesitation , at the end of which he remembered that he might safely promise . one of his <unk> and raoul to follow his example , and directed the others to await his orders , keeping themselves meanwhile on the alert . ill . ” . said athos , “ unless monsieur cardinal should form the ingenious idea of <unk> up grimaud , i think we may be pretty much at our ease respecting the letter . ” to be able to instruct her child , ” continued the	146.1246337890625
abbé , “ she must have received an education herself . all the emotions of jealousy , until conviction seizes on his mind , and then , in a frenzy of rage and indignation , he <unk> his guilty wife to tell her that he knows her guilt and to threaten her with his vengeance . fallen into the hands of the famous bandit chief , in whose existence he had for so long a time refused to believe . each other . ” groaned forth villefort , in a paroxysm of grief , which was the more terrible from the <unk> of the sensation in the iron heart of that man . said she , growing paler , “ what is this confession ? ” the greater	147.97898864746094
part will be furnished afterwards by the state in which we find the affairs of the testator , and by yourself , who , having had the <unk> of them , can doubtless give full information on the subject . ” said porthos . not much concern us , do you think it does ? ” was seven years old , he came to the curate of palestrina , and asked to be taught to read ; it was somewhat difficult , for he could not quit his flock ; but the good curate went every day to say mass at a little <unk> too poor to pay a priest and which , having no other name , was called <unk> ; he told luigi that he might	137.64027404785156
meet him on his return , and that then he would give him a lesson , warning him that it would be short , and that he must profit as much as possible by it . you are going on quickly , m. benedetto ! ” of the three qualities you stand in need of , and here i am . ” , ” said aramis . and a word from grimaud , all at once , were so unusual that his highness stopped short , astounded . cardinal ? ” the arms of the people . , ” replied d ’ artagnan , with a bow that was not deficient in dignity , “ since you do me the honor to draw a sword with me while	84.6302719116211
suffering from a wound which is very inconvenient . ” monsieur , you have touched upon a tender chord . ” at ? ” murmured the queen , looking uneasily at the cardinal . by this engagement ; he was to be back on the sixteenth day , by eight o ’ clock in the evening . stay , monsieur d ’ artagnan ; your agreeable company will divert me . ” that this fugitive must be a bandit ; but there is an <unk> sympathy between the roman brigand and the roman peasant and the latter is always ready to aid the former . and melancholy laugh , her arms stiffened and twisted , her head fell back on her chair , and she remained motionless .	116.47460174560547
as you know , but before he died he recompensed the services of fernand by leaving him a considerable sum , with which he returned to france , when he was <unk> lieutenant-general . ” . enterprising , this was not the first time he had risked his life in such attempts . your word that you will not see anyone between monsieur de la trémouille and myself ? ” you become afraid of a quarrel ? ” i never had any opinions . , sire , ” said athos , “ in all countries in the world is called charging . ” end to the interview , he pushed by her , and closed the door , as if to <unk> the pain he felt . ”	95.8545913696289
said the count , “ are you ill , or is it the heat of the room that affects you ? ” blue ribbon in your pocket ? ” ! ” no one has seen him . ! ” the rooms with waiters loaded with ices . came in the direction of the public <unk> . said d ’ artagnan to porthos . didn ’ t breathe a word as to the purpose of our visit ? ” aside . to have such a compliment paid to him twice . how a man may compromise himself when he does not know what he says , ” replied athos , shrugging his shoulders as if he thought himself an object of pity . the one next to it ,	85.61422729492188
and as the door will remain open it comes to the same thing . a minute search <unk> upon the persons arrested , were almost always framed thus : “ has madame bonacieux sent anything to you for her husband , or any other person ? cried d ’ artagnan , <unk> his hold of her dress , and remaining mute , motionless , and frozen . assassination at auteuil proved to him that i had not committed that of which i stood accused . its catastrophes , ’ returned m. de villefort ; ‘ your brother has been the victim of this . mousqueton were here he could tell you to a <unk> . ” a man about my own size . ” to his horse ’	138.6699981689453
s neck , the young man fired , and the ball severed the feathers from the hat . on the wall of my cell , scratched with a nail , a proverb , which says , ‘ like master , like servant . ’ ” further commands for me now ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . he began to agitate his nose and his jaws after the example of his clerks . longer any doubt , she cried , in a state of stupor , “ what , my brother , is it you ? ” ! ” and throwing his arm around the young girl ’ s waist , he pressed the hand of valentine , and disappeared . and read the article to which albert	93.9576187133789
pointed in an undertone . go by the corso . ” any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions . when i have no candle i can ’ t take two steps without knocking against something . ” ! ” wished to know , ” said the queen . i did . ” fed , and if they had any request to make . words and let go the ladies , who thanked d ’ artagnan with an eloquent look . exclaimed the baroness . have the right of giving absolution . ” , passive and obedient , either from true devotion to his master or from the example set by blaisois , mousqueton leaped into the sea <unk> . me , i prefer <unk>	129.4781951904297
. ” his name , and learning that it was porthos , and not d ’ artagnan , he assisted him to rise , brought him back to the hôtel , mounted his horse , and disappeared . ” you that you are not in the chamber , my dear viscount . ” was superfluous , he followed d ’ artagnan , wondering to himself how this young guardsman should know so well who the lady was to whom he had given hospitality , and that he should know better than himself what had become of her . can see it all before me this moment . ” score , m. morrel ; but do you think we shall be permitted to see our poor edmond ? ”	77.09429931640625
thought perhaps you had worn out all your courage the first time . ” the day , all the preoccupation of mind which the events of the evening had brought on , disappeared as they do at the first approach of sleep , when we are still sufficiently conscious to be aware of the coming of slumber . . ” cried for help ; but her cries were soon stifled . must have been cherished by each one of these two friends , for each of them almost immediately sat down by himself at an end of the tent and began to write . soldiers advanced on the side where the window was , rubbing their hands , for it was cold , it being the month of	138.68572998046875
february . her , my principal object is to ascertain what part she plays at court . ” was public , and everyone is already talking of it . ” ? ” asked the doctor eagerly . aloud , no longer terrified at the sound of his own voice , for he fell into a sort of <unk> . that . ” ” replied grimaud . at every opening from this palace to which i should lead you . , my dear fellow , the sort of man he is . he said , “ you have done that which you ought to have done , d ’ artagnan ; but perhaps you have been wrong . ” the rock beneath which he lay ; the waves ,	81.34344482421875
dashing themselves against it , <unk> him with their <unk> . rejoiced at perpetual disgrace ; for like all galley-slaves , you said , ‘ i may escape from prison , i can not from the <unk> ’ and you said truly ; the way was opened for you unexpectedly . all , ” said the inspector . ’ artagnan stands . quite sure you were a good and brave young man , ” said mme . of— ” bearings . said the delighted major . gentlemen ? ” were not as good as another . albert de morcerf . afterwards the door of valentine ’ s room opened , and monte cristo reappeared . of the eagle is closed forever . exclaimed , “ i begin to	133.4866485595703
be more at my ease , however , whilst you settle yourselves , i shall make the round of the boat . ” by repeating the question , ‘ will you , or will you not , retract ? ’ ” brother and sister chapter <unk> . magnificent ! well served . had ruined for him she was destined to ruin , and became the comtesse de la <unk> ” ” replied aramis , “ your opinion will be very valuable . that this was the first time they had ever seen him give up an enterprise , or even delay in its execution . the feet of the cardinal . to quit paris , i hope he will stay there and continue to be prime minister ,	129.25840759277344
as he is a great statesman . ” she added , turning toward aramis , “ will you be my servant once more this evening ? ” nothing remains to me except to <unk> my respectful homage , ” said chatillon , who felt confused and ashamed beneath the stern gaze of athos . , the only one we can give . ” porthos , “ i will run to the hôtel , and engage our comrades to hold themselves in readiness by eight o ’ clock ; the rendezvous , the place du palais-cardinal . you remember the little goat <unk> of the luxembourg ? _ ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you come once more to save my life , not only mine	101.08401489257812
but that of these gentlemen . between us ; but , first , i will state the case to them . turned around , and the dying man was by that turn brought nearer athos . ” exclaimed porthos . walls of paris , and to leave paris is like losing her a second time . ” nothing by this journey because i see you . ” true ! ” said anne of austria ; “ and the spies of the cardinal have served him faithfully . you , and after the queen , the cardinal , and after the cardinal , myself . ” said villefort to dantès . said maximilian , laughing ; “ there is her husband changing his jacket for a coat . much	89.2022476196289
disquietude ; but it was soon known that they had joined cucumetto . be touched . to-night ’ s adventure i don ’ t suppose my dress would have been a very safe one . it is too much ! ” exclaimed the queen , “ and i will prove to them i have not left . ” d ’ artagnan laid his hand on the shoulder of their leader . ? . dear d ’ artagnan ; ’ tis off one of my sheep . ” the island trembled to its base , and that it would , like a vessel at anchor , break <unk> , and bear him off into the centre of the storm . , gave the bridle to grimaud , and advanced	82.28945922851562
toward the window , after having made a sign to the rest of the troop to go toward the door . my house tonight , and therefore can not possibly remain till the end of the opera . slowly , bowed frequently , laughed without noise , showing his teeth , which were fine and of which , as the rest of his person , he appeared to take great care . so heavy , was now like a feather in his grasp ; he seized it , and attacked the wall . , mr. president . said the duchess , quickly . the cardinal , the queen resumed her way to the chamber in which she had dressed , and where she was to take off her	101.08792114257812
costume . , who , during the observations of the two friends , had passed and repassed behind them several times , stopped at the name of de winter ; but as his face betrayed no emotion at mention of this name , it might have been by chance he stood so still . was formidable still in spite of his recent reverses ; and it was necessary , therefore , to have recourse to some profitable scheme , which was a matter of great difficulty in the impoverished condition of exhausted italy . , i shall have an independent fortune , and ” — her hands , and fell on her knees . danglars , “ i can , when circumstances render it desirable , adopt your	159.948974609375
system , although it may not be my general practice . capable of being exact ? ” demanded debray . . this name , which seemed to pursue him like an echo , hesitated for a moment , then slightly knitting his brows , he calmly said : strength against women i might <unk> find them weaker than myself , and consequently conquer them ; but it is with men that i struggle , and i am but a woman to them . benedetto , “ i am asked for proofs , do you wish me to give them ? ” a small <unk> he made a sign to show all was right . expression of careless gayety it had worn like a mask the whole day .	159.25315856933594
that ? i want the glory of riding in your fine carriage , ” said he ; “ oh , no , it ’ s only because i am tired , and also because i have a little business to talk over with you . ” cried athos , with a gentle blush . words , pronounced with that boldness which women draw from their own <unk> weakness which <unk> them beyond the power of vengeance . be assured that i shall be entirely devoted to the person who will give me the means of quitting paris . ” rather face your majesty , however threatening your smile , than face those demons who accompanied me hither and who sprung from i know not whence , unless from	166.24441528320312
deepest hell . ” ” asked the queen , who did not understand , or rather was not willing to understand . the musketeer swear , wished to escape from the cloak , which blinded him , and sought to find his way from under the folds of it . ’ artagnan went upstairs , leaving his host a little better satisfied with respect to two things in which he appeared to be very much <unk> debt and his life . monsieur , ” replied villefort , “ and i am now going to examine him . ” ? ” the high forehead , courage in the dark eye and bent brow , and frankness in the thick lips that showed a set of pearly teeth . said	94.19609069824219
aramis ; and with the terrible coolness which on important occasions he showed , he took one of the muskets from tony , <unk> and aimed it at the young man , who stood , like the accusing angel , upon the rock . letter , went hastily down the mountain , leaped on his horse and set out at a gallop . , “ the lion , ” was born at tepelini , an albanian village at the foot of the <unk> mountains , in <unk> . ” cried athos . with us this evening . ” between the confident monarch and the <unk> minister . great <unk> , and that ’ s the fact , ” said porthos . which monte cristo performed this <unk> feat	140.23455810546875
, and saw that they were no larger than <unk> . you somewhat corsican , a great deal smuggler , and an excellent steward ; but i see you have other strings to your bow . <unk> down three or four stairs , but at athos ’ s last remark he stopped short . ” followed by planchet . , the post . , who has brought it and is charged with its execution . ” once full of spirit and resignation ; i have become simple in my tastes , and am without passion , i hope . , furnished in a luxurious manner they had not expected to see under the roof of signor pastrini , and were shown into an elegantly <unk> drawing-room . :	154.79635620117188
“ may i ask how mademoiselle danglars is ? ” said he . this noise of thunder , however much your majesty may have wished to continue playing , has said , ‘ go in , sire . said aloud , “ let us resume our conversation later , your people may suspect something ; there may be spies about . s door , and hearing no sound tried to enter , but the bolts were in place . flanders . . the position of the island in the darkness , you will see that the fire can not be seen from the side or from pianosa , but only from the sea . ” by her side , and she uttered a deep groan , at the	113.70645141601562
same time looking towards the count as if to ask if he were satisfied with her obedience to his commands . ’ artagnan has something to say to me privately , have you not , d ’ artagnan ? ” ? ” <unk> on the bourse , and has lost money . ” one minute , a single minute , and i will restore it to you through the grating of the door . , and i will introduce him to you . ” , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ i have not the uniform , but i have the spirit . the penalty of being a living <unk> ! ” spot where had stood his bed , since then removed , and behind the bed	57.24243927001953
the new stones indicated where the breach made by the abbé faria had been . nature against this divine substance , —in nature which is not made for joy and <unk> to pain . ” you laid it aside ? ” and some of our old friends made their <unk> mean debray , château-renaud , and beauchamp , accompanied by all the leading men of the day at the bar , in literature , or the army , for m. de villefort moved in the first parisian circles , less owing to his social position than to his personal merit . asked valentine . madame , ” said monte cristo ; “ i know no one now of that name . ” ” said d ’ artagnan .	137.3249969482422
fetch the lemonade . ” my heart , ” observed julie ; “ and two or three times i fancied that i had heard it before . ” , filled with surprise and terror . . ” about the room like a man beside himself , <unk> and half drawing his sword out of the scabbard . this <unk> . , and relieve the sentinel , ” continued felton . ” replied albert , with perfect ease of mind , “ remember , for the future , napoleon ’ s maxim , ‘ never awaken me but for bad news ; ’ if you had let me sleep on , i should have finished my galop , and have been grateful to you all my life . but	99.67162322998047
it seemed that morrel expected <unk> had occasioned the noise , and something must follow . d ’ artagnan ; “ all this is vague enough . to mordaunt , “ i think we have you now , my hero ! ” said porthos , “ if he owed you more than five crowns , your <unk> is a thief . ” about it . ” fever , ” said she ; “ i have not slept a single instant during all this long night . that they struck eight at half-past six . of intoxication in which vulgar drinkers fall on the floor and go to sleep . or twelve wounded . assunta , my sister-in-law , and with the other five hundred i set off for	108.9734115600586
nîmes . ” observed aramis , “ i can not say the same as you do , porthos . i could see in the middle of the lake a large blank mass ; it was the kiosk to which we were going . you . ” , a word , on your part , <unk> an effort to escape , and you are to be fired upon . i shall be very much in the way in that little boat , ” said mousqueton . still in the <unk> , d ’ artagnan ? ” , my lord , on the day when you are willing to hear my confession . ” use of mentioning that ? from that man ? ” a <unk> . each other ,	61.2418327331543
in whatever place it may be , ” said kitty , “ you will find me loving you as i love you today . ” men , i accuse this woman of having urged me to the murder of the baron de wardes ; but as no one else can <unk> the truth of this accusation , i <unk> it myself . not at all , vicomte , ” athos replied ; “ he is simply a gentleman of great genius who has fallen into disgrace with the cardinal through having written certain verses against him . ” time , and drew back the tapestried hanging which concealed the door , to signify to his master and albert that they were at liberty to pass on . folded	113.00232696533203
his arms over his chest as napoleon would have done . she seized his hand and led him to her grandfather . our misfortunes , we are still rich enough not to require assistance from anyone . , stopped for an instant , and then kept on his way without uttering a single word . the count negligently , looking attentively at morcerf , “ is there not something like an execution upon the piazza del popolo ? ” myself . ” street , they saw a man in a cassock standing on the threshold of the next door . than these devilish strains . hour . ” not visit either of these <unk> , but one in the open country where i shall find a good-natured simpleton	124.76961517333984
, who knows no more than the machine he is employed to work . ” his eyes and continued looking at the door ; no one ventured to speak , for fear of <unk> him . a <unk> supply of garlic , <unk> , and <unk> ; while , <unk> and solitary , like a forgotten sentinel , a tall pine raised its melancholy head in one of the corners of this <unk> spot , and displayed its flexible stem and <unk> summit dried and cracked by the fierce heat of the <unk> sun . villefort , “ we are thinking of marrying valentine. ” had the old man ’ s face been moulded in wax it could not have shown less emotion at this news than was	206.5056915283203
now to be traced there . t remember ? ” three millions should be intrusted to danglars to <unk> ; some persons had warned the young man of the circumstances of his future father-in-law , who had of late sustained repeated losses ; but with sublime disinterestedness and confidence the young man refused to listen , or to express a single doubt to the baron . , after having swallowed the contents of his bottle , to pass the time as well as to evade suspicion , to fall into the easiest position in his corner and to sleep , whether well or ill. d ’ artagnan , be it remembered , was only twenty years old , and at that age sleep has its <unk> rights which	207.0941925048828
it <unk> insists upon , even with the <unk> hearts . , petrified by surprise ; so many unexpected things happened to her all at once that for the first time she was at a loss . would leave her mistress ’ s presence at an early hour that evening , and that when he left the mistress he would ascend with the maid . sword and three times the general drew back on finding himself too closely engaged , and then returned to the charge . my wife ! eyes were all the time riveted on the door , through which he hoped succor would arrive . is something <unk> which you are going to say . been taxed at 4,000 crowns , and as he considered	177.63491821289062
himself of much greater importance than morcerf he fixed his own price at 8,000 crowns . felton , who became impatient , “ say yourself , madame , what treatment you wish followed . ” my chamber . ” will be diminished , ” said a subordinate . <unk> iron , the iron of the executioner , was imprinted on my shoulder . ” you haven ’ t served , ” said mousqueton . each other . you know men better than i do , and what you say may possibly be the case , i confess ; but if such persons are among my acquaintances i prefer not to know it , because then i should be forced to hate them . ” at the sixth <unk>	148.52500915527344
and buried up to the hilt in his body . we are coming to it . ! ” said the prince , turning with a triumphant air toward marshal de grammont and the other officers . better to transact business with his old acquaintance , so he sent for peppino . she turned round to debray , without answering her husband . you , my dear madame bonacieux , ” said he ; “ but , not knowing you would come to see me , i had made an engagement with a friend . , ” said mazarin ; “ enter this cabinet and wait till i come back . ” . ” request , m. de villefort was the first to give the signal of departure .	73.6938705444336
an expression of kindness which it was impossible to mistake ; but d ’ artagnan was so preoccupied by the mistress that he noticed absolutely nothing but her . the old man ’ s reply , ‘ i will not leave this house , for my poor dear boy loves me better than anything in the world ; and if he gets out of prison he will come and see me the first thing , and what would he think if i did not wait here for him ? ’ i heard all this from the window , for i was anxious that mercédès should persuade the old man to accompany her , for his footsteps over my head night and day did not leave me a moment	123.8592300415039
’ s repose . ” with the most amiable air he could assume . ? ” diamond left by poor edmond dantès , to be sold , and the money divided between his father , mercédès , his betrothed bride , fernand , danglars , and myself . with him he seemed to be in his <unk> condition ; but to his <unk> athos and <unk> apparent a certain <unk> in his gayety . cried ; “ i have found a horse ! ” the gun an english <unk> with which i had shivered his highness ’ s <unk> to pieces , the bey yielded , and agreed to forgive the hand and head , but on condition that the poor fellow never again set foot in tunis	171.10293579101562
. yes , i bless you in my own name , and in the name of three generations of irreproachable men , who say through me , ‘ the edifice which misfortune has destroyed , providence may build up <unk> ’ on seeing me die such a death , the most <unk> will have pity on you . my hand . ” heavy , deep sleep stole over me , and having no suspicion of anything wrong , i sought not to shake it off . in proportion as the corridors became more deserted , d ’ artagnan wished to stop the young woman , seize her and gaze upon her , were it only for a minute ; but quick as a bird she glided between his	175.5295867919922
hands , and when he wished to speak to her , her finger placed upon her mouth , with a little imperative gesture full of grace , reminded him that he was under the command of a power which he must blindly obey , and which forbade him even to make the slightest complaint . of the young <unk> ” repeated the italian , with anxiety . . <unk> staircase , ” said château-renaud with a smile . . ” ? ” by the world , for i am not an italian , or a frenchman , or a <unk> , or an <unk> , or a <unk> am a <unk> . confine myself to domestic cares , or the caprices of any man , but to be	97.24571990966797
an artist , and consequently free in heart , in person , and in thought . ” the carmelites of béthune . debray , “ but then <unk> is only a few leagues from rome . ” the cardinal , “ you have heard me ? in this pocket , ” and he pointed to the pocket which contained the letter . . a stream of people , who had been disappointed in not being able to get into the house and to make amends had collected to see him come out , stood on each side , as he passed , many among them glaring on him with threatening looks . , believing that he jested , but athos did not jest the least in the world	125.3657455444336
. ; and be wise if you wish to preserve your heads . ” him , the dear fellow , in which he even asked me for some small service , which , in fact , i rendered him . was <unk> to piedmont in france . announced the closing of the port . in the morning morrel entered their chamber . up to his middle , being unwilling to trust his precious burden to anybody . doing ? ” they asked . scarcely say . was a man of elegant manners and strong mind , so that in addition to the revolution he had made in war , by his new contributions to its methods , he had also made a revolution at paris , among the	135.29135131835938
young noblemen of the court , whose natural chief he was and who , in distinction from the social leaders of the ancient court , <unk> after bassompierre , bellegarde and the duke d ’ <unk> , were called the <unk> . ’ s not a man to allow himself to be taken <unk> ; he ’ ll defend himself . ’ allowed to go into normandy ? ” part with his sword , selected a <unk> cloak of a military cut . , ” replied athos , becoming almost livid ; “ that is my grand story of the fair lady , and when i relate that , i must be very drunk . ” chevalier ! ” said the cardinal . clock at night ; the	121.04791259765625
branches of the great trees in the garden of the count ’ s house stood out boldly against the azure canopy of heaven , which was studded with golden stars , but where the last fleeting clouds of a vanishing storm yet lingered . the village and ride after us on the northern road , and when they have passed we will take the opposite direction . ” while making researches in the royal library for my history of louis <unk> , i stumbled by chance upon the memoirs of m. d ’ artagnan , <unk> were most of the works of that period , in which <unk> could not tell the truth without the risk of a residence , more or less long , in the <unk>	183.72821044921875
<unk> , by pierre rouge . <unk> pleased that i wished to congratulate you ; but as i am not quite properly dressed , i chose my opportunity , that i might not compromise you . ” the most frightful sufferings , the <unk> of all those who loved me , the persecution of those who did not know me , formed the trials of my youth ; when suddenly , from captivity , solitude , misery , i was restored to light and liberty , and became the possessor of a fortune so brilliant , so unbounded , so unheard-of , that i must have been blind not to be conscious that god had endowed me with it to work out his own great designs . mademoiselle	186.70037841796875
danglars ? ” asked beauchamp . happy , mercédès , ” repeated the count . had each our mission , ” said porthos ; “ mine was to guard you and i am doing so . he will destroy all , friends and foes ; and on my word he would be bad company in going either to heaven or to hell . ” wars ! ” the room the general was invited to remove his bandage , he did so immediately , and was surprised to see so many well-known faces in a society of whose existence he had till then been ignorant . present , ” replied the count , walking upon tiptoe towards the library door , and smiling with an expression so sad and	141.80650329589844
paternal that the young girl ’ s heart was filled with gratitude . and it was an excellent idea of yours to open the doors and the <unk> ” as he ceased speaking , the count felt the hand of mercédès tremble . , please . ” the latter , “ a young woman of about twenty-six or <unk> years of age , and a man of from thirty-five to forty , have indeed lodged at the two houses pointed out by your eminence ; but the woman left last night , and the man this morning . ” and <unk> the lamp on the staircase <unk> that in the room . put up with that , ” said the countess , who was herself from one of	92.31059265136719
the oldest venetian families . give me credit for this , madame ; it was done by the romans , who much esteemed them , and <unk> relates that they sent slaves from <unk> to rome , who carried on their heads fish which he calls the <unk> , and which , from the description , must probably be the <unk> . ” valentine , “ he has not even breakfasted . i do . ” contrary fellow and might come back on purpose to have us hanged . ” a pistole to accompany him , but the man refused . the cardinal ’ s promises as of little worth , he affected to be completely satisfied , for he was unwilling to <unk> porthos . with his	147.02490234375
two friends . who now shook his head in his turn . , and they told me you were out , but that they expected you home at ten o ’ clock to breakfast . of the wretched fate that overwhelmed dantès ; and , when napoleon returned to france , he , after the manner of <unk> minds , termed the coincidence , _a <unk> of <unk> . offer ? ” said the host . . ” to say that it would not be a good match ? ” , sir . ” aramis . his adversaries , but the other pressed him warmly . true , ” said de guiche ; “ i had forgotten it . ” hasty , m. morrel , ” replied villefort	61.47563552856445
. not hesitate ; god forbid ! ? ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ why should i ? ” them ; they did not come . ” your word ! you , i think , from what they told me the day before yesterday . at the door . de morcerf . said the count , “ you have been in my service one year , the time i generally give myself to judge of the merits or <unk> of those about me . ” cried porthos to his opponent ; “ i ’ ve still two pistols charged . ” they gone a quarter of a league when , having killed a kid , he begged jacopo to take it to his comrades , and request	87.54853057861328
them to cook it , and when ready to let him know by firing a gun . at the sensation her observation produced , looked down and resumed her air of <unk> . ” said mordaunt , “ i choose for my adversary the man who , not thinking himself worthy to be called comte de la fere , calls himself athos . ” . had left its mark on grimaud . the room above . murderer ! ” throwing upon a couch a rich toilet robe , worked with gold , in order to put on a blue velvet doublet embroidered with pearls . of the french army , to say nothing of the fact that the continual presence of a captain of spahis in a place	156.67401123046875
where no warlike projects could be supposed to account for it might well create surprise ; so i have become a gardener , and , consequently , adopted the costume of my calling . ” got the idea of his famous machine from witnessing an execution in italy . dice with a trembling hand , and turned up the number three ; his paleness terrified athos , who , however , consented himself with saying , “ that ’ s a sad throw , comrade ; you will have the horses fully equipped , monsieur . ” ” cried mademoiselle d ’ armilly , taking the bell from her companion ’ s hand , and ringing it yet more violently . up . , mercédès , poor and	190.05908203125
<unk> as you are , you suit me as well as the daughter of the first shipowner or the richest banker of marseilles ! him from his moist abode , but to his surprise he perceived that athos staggered . silence . you can not imagine how hard it is to rear fowls in these horrible caves ! ” who sent me away when i was five years old because no one paid her for me , telling me the name of a relation of whom she had heard my mother often speak . ” madame de villefort has poured into your glass , <unk> would have been doomed ! ” sir , ” said the king , <unk> , “ that general cromwell has reached newcastle ;	135.05184936523438
that you knew it and i was not informed of it ; that the enemy have left the town and are now closing the passages of the tyne against us ; that our sentinels have seen this movement and i have been left unacquainted with it ; that , by an infamous treaty you have sold me for two hundred thousand pounds to parliament . no more hesitation ; or else whatever may be my repugnance to <unk> my sword a second time with the blood of a wretch like you , i swear by my faith as an honest <unk> ” and at these words d ’ artagnan made so fierce a gesture that the wounded man sprang up . first stair , when a hand of	161.12086486816406
iron seized him by the belt and stopped him . say one thing , while the heart thinks another , ” murmured edmond . much truth and so much grief in the face of the young man that he made him a sign to listen , and repeated in a low voice : “ it was scarcely nine o ’ clock when i heard a noise in the street , and was wondering what it could be , when on coming to my door , i found that somebody was endeavoring to open it . , my lord . ” a sign to d ’ artagnan to follow him . in token of assent . thus without anyone to attach you to life ? ” me ? ”	77.04564666748047
cried valentine in astonishment . king , who gave him a somewhat cavalier reception , but a look from his mother <unk> him for the hatred which , from his infancy , louis xiv . gentlemen . of all my senses , sir , ” he said ; “ my body alone suffers , as you may suppose . said to porthos in a low tone : could endure . ” caderousse had taught him . ” said the abbé , “ and i will again have pity on you , and will let you escape , at the risk of the fresh miseries my weakness may lead to , if you tell me the truth . ” their limbs and tongues they could , of course ,	105.78728485107422
tell nothing but what they <unk> they had been seized , stripped and bound . nine . he to him , “ are the diamond studs that you came to bring ; and be my witness that i have done all that human power could do . ” at your journey ’ s end . ” eaten than he felt thirsty ; he had forgotten that . ” said the queen ; she signed a patent . ” he exclaimed , “ such a misfortune has happened ! ” <unk> let it fall ? ” : will not be to her as the death of a stranger ! ” said the englishman . had an old father whom he loved , a betrothed bride whom he adored .	140.50001525878906
and fancied he saw him in the corridor , rendered still darker by the torch carried by the concierge . story to me . ” the noise of the keys ; he remained on horseback , feeling no inclination to dismount , and sat looking at the bars , at the <unk> windows and the immense walls he had hitherto only seen from the other side of the moat , but by which he had for twenty years been <unk> . said , “ you are a terrible servant . ” so i was . us , you will have a king without a minister , whom you may serve , love , respect . ? ” he asked . with money ; but it cost me dear	96.97515106201172
. ” no <unk> can no longer defend <unk> believe you ; but , for pity ’ s sake , spare my life , my honor ! ” , the boulevard de <unk> , and the bois de boulogne , during his brief career of splendor , the false cavalcanti had formed a host of acquaintances . is satisfied , let him be free . ” hard . ” staircase , and before a table , illumined by a lamp whose light was concentrated by a large shade while the rest of the apartment was in <unk> darkness , he perceived the abbé in a monk ’ s dress , with a <unk> on his head such as was used by learned men of the middle ages .	125.94664001464844
are the only two who are armed . monster , who , at twenty-five years of age , has been guilty of as many crimes as you could read of in a year in the archives of our tribunals . , he did not entertain much dread of him ; and supposing he should be able to get so far , he determined to dispatch him in good style or at least , by <unk> him in the face , as cæsar recommended his soldiers do to those of <unk> , to damage forever the beauty of which he was so proud . struck six . his own curiosity , entered the gallery ; a second afterwards , monte cristo appeared on the threshold . you a hundred	164.3848876953125
pistoles . ” to us by <unk> . two <unk> , two <unk> and two <unk> . , ” said athos ; “ there they are . trusted to anybody ; it must be done in the palace . ” , which he was to leave at the end of twenty leagues in order to take the post , planchet set off at a gallop , his spirits a little depressed by the triple promise made him by the musketeers , but otherwise as <unk> as possible . and she sank into a chair . <unk> , on receiving his letter , milady in a delirium of joy had told her servant everything ; and by way of recompense for the manner in which she had this time	87.249755859375
executed the commission , she had given kitty a purse . proved to be as we had supposed ; there was a mistake . but made no answer . that ? ” said mordaunt . with hope , then with anger , and then again with shame , for from beauchamp ’ s confidence he knew his father was guilty , and he asked himself how , since he was guilty , he could prove his innocence . into the river . shoulders and they proceeded . ” <unk> , will he not ? ” said caderousse . with him i am also going to fight , ” said porthos . said franz to the count , “ that you told me there would be but one execution	90.81221771240234
. ” cheer up , my dear father ! , the broad shoulders and the steady eye of porthos . eyes met those of the young lady , who smiled . him ? ” in my grotto at monte cristo , of which bertuccio knows the secret . and found these <unk> carved upon the wood with a knife : felton , “ till tonight . ” him . said athos , with his usual careless generosity , giving him his own , “ and be a good lad . is ready in all ways . ” us , my mother and me , to the merchant , el-kobbir ! read that i must be alone ? ” said julie . at eight o ’ clock this evening	83.36943054199219
? ” valentine , “ maximilian , come back , i entreat you ! ” had of judging , he could only come to one conclusion , —that the person whom he was thus watching certainly belonged to no inferior station of life . direction , and ran quickly towards them . that morning an invitation from the celebrated roman banker . whistled through the <unk> branches , and yet the drops fell from my forehead . the health of edmond and the lovely mercédès . ” the italian <unk> , his first impulse was to look round him , but these words were addressed to him . that he would rather die where he was than undergo the agony which the slightest movement cost him . visit	199.30751037597656
paid him , monte cristo had , from behind the blinds of his pavilion , as <unk> observed the baron , by means of an excellent <unk> , as danglars himself had scrutinized the house , garden , and servants . out of the window , exchanged a few words with him in a low tone , and the steward disappeared . you were running like a madman , and i was afraid you would throw yourself into the sea , ” said caderousse , laughing . never believe cardinals who are not priests . ” , let you and i go and see what is to be done for our poor friends . ” you written all this ? ” we can get athos , all will	109.77930450439453
be well . in that parisian society which gives such ready access to <unk> , and treats them , not as they really are , but as they wish to be considered . danglars , the <unk> , and therefore the most guilty ? ” had been four years longer than himself in prison . it and held it , <unk> himself by this rope , his head alone out of water . , ” said danglars , mentally , “ all has gone as i would have it . a friend before his windows , at one of which mousqueton was sure to be placed in full livery , porthos raised his head and his hand , and said , “ that is my abode ! ”	97.91476440429688
but he was never to be found at home ; he never invited anybody to go up with him , and no one could form an idea of what his sumptuous apartment contained in the shape of real riches . rode toward the tall <unk> the man of importance and his valets . valentine , “ the reason of my proposing it was that i might escape this hateful marriage , which <unk> me to <unk> ” noirtier ’ s breathing came thick and short . i delight in stories , ” cried the cardinal . leveled at them , and divided between fear and curiosity , remained noisy and excited . on this promise , put his legs out of the window and stood on the ladder	213.52029418945312
. hitherto , god will preserve us still . ” the evening visit was over , but he was afraid that the governor would change his mind , and order the dead body to be removed earlier . said caderousse , “ you must make me a promise . ” information on that point ? your majesty on the side of your honor , it would be quite another thing , and i should be the first to say , ‘ no grace , <unk> grace for the guilty ! ’ happily , there is nothing of the kind , and your majesty has just acquired a new proof of it . ” are you really on such good terms with her as to venture to take me	109.39100646972656
to her box ? ” replied , “ monsieur d ’ artagnan ’ s <unk> has been accomplished ; they are calm , as if by enchantment . ? ” to sell the castle of <unk> <unk> ” four frenchmen . sir ! ” said athos , leaning and stretching out his arm to mordaunt with that air of dignity and nobility of soul habitual to him ; “ here i am , take my hand and jump into our boat . ” hopes but for fools , monsieur , and you are a man of understanding . , who , with his head on his hands , was gazing at the heavens ; he did not hear them enter and remained in the same attitude till he	77.31068420410156
felt a hand upon his shoulder . placed this cup on the table roused franz ’ s curiosity . heard speak of a certain bonapartist club in the rue saint-jacques ? ” masters . ” athos , “ oh , no , it is impossible ! famous <unk> took place in the south of france . very simple , my good fellow ; i have been a sailor , and your story touched me more than it would others . ” them nothing , and yet they are gone . ” appears , pursues her and <unk> her more than ever . , ” he said , “ only ask advice not to follow it ; or if they do follow it , it is for the sake	102.66929626464844
of having someone to blame for having given it . ” mourning her loss , ” exclaimed the major , drawing from his pocket a checked handkerchief , and alternately wiping first the left and then the right eye . which you tell me . ” on the deck . the most vivid colors ; the former life of the prisoner , his transformation , a review of his life from the earliest period , were set forth with all the talent that a knowledge of human life could furnish to a mind like that of the procureur . hundred thousand francs to be able to do so . ” behind the <unk> horizon ; but as though to prove the truth of the fanciful ideas in <unk>	154.01980590820312
<unk> , its indiscreet rays reappeared on the summit of every wave , as if the god of fire had just sunk upon the bosom of <unk> , who in vain endeavored to hide her lover beneath her azure mantle . you not ? call my people . ” d ’ artagnan , who was in the trenches , was not able to accompany them , athos , porthos , and aramis , mounted on their battle steeds , enveloped in their war cloaks , with their hands upon their pistol <unk> , were returning from a drinking place called the red dovecot , which athos had discovered two days before upon the route to <unk> , following the road which led to the camp and quite on	144.1060028076172
their guard , as we have stated , for fear of an ambuscade , when , about a quarter of a league from the village of <unk> , they fancied they heard the sound of horses approaching them . as an officer , and he looked very well in that costume , which , as we have already said , he wore elegantly ; only he was very pale and trembled slightly . debray had been dividing two millions and a half with madame danglars was another , inhabited by persons who have played too <unk> a part in the <unk> we have related for their appearance not to create some interest . so they called dantès ) had said this , it was sufficient , and all	151.29287719726562
went to their <unk> contentedly . circumstances , ” he replied . is not the prince , then monsieur de <unk> ” , and i alone have a right to raise my voice above another ’ s . opening into the garden . , i have said , ” answered caderousse . hope , ” said aramis , “ that with the help of god and of bazin we shall find something better than that in the <unk> of the worthy jesuit fathers . ” she answered , “ i would rather remain here . ” noisy hilarity which usually prevails at such a time among people sufficiently free from the demands of social position not to feel the <unk> of etiquette . ! ” one side beneath	133.45782470703125
a new and unexpected weight and grimaud uttered a shout of joy ; every one turned around and beheld athos , livid , his eyes dim and his hands trembling , supporting himself on the edge of the boat . in a loud voice , before every one , of their previous interview . ” s musketeers and the cardinal ’ s guards , who was unconsciously ruining his country , and threw all the <unk> of his proceedings on mazarin . done . ” good , ’ ” muttered the major , “ <unk> ” replied he . , and you will not , quit this place , it becomes necessary to fill up the excavation beneath the soldier ’ s gallery ; he might , by	128.07069396972656
chance , hear the hollow sound of his footsteps , and call the attention of his officer to the circumstance . now dissatisfied is that i have not a clear <unk> of the past . letter to the hollow of a tree , to the wing of a <unk> , to the collar of a dog . ” villefort , ” cried he , “ i am delighted to see you . monte cristo ; “ but , unfortunately , a recipe excellent for a man like myself would be very dangerous applied to an army , which might not awake when it was needed . ” ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . groslow ; “ on account of political opinions ? compassion he showed for her	82.45643615722656
misfortunes , produced the effect they always produce on noble <unk> had always had a sincere regard for fernand , and this was now <unk> by gratitude . fellow , ” said monte cristo , when the journalist was gone ; “ is he not , albert ? ” you are consoled , i speak to you as a man for whom the human heart has no secrets . therefore , first to the benevolence of your majesty , that i may know what has become of my friends , <unk> to myself , if necessary , the right of <unk> hereafter to your justice . ” natural was that it might be an ambuscade of the rochellais , who might not be sorry to kill one of	99.83554077148438
his majesty ’ s guards , because it would be an enemy the less , and this enemy might have a <unk> purse in his pocket . you understand ? <unk> , liberty , melody of birds , plains of <unk> , venetian <unk> , roman palaces , the bay of naples . reserve your strength for the moment when the crash shall come . ” her , when one of the caprices of fate , —which would almost make us doubt the goodness of providence , if that providence did not afterwards reveal itself by proving that all is but a means of conducting to an end , —one of those caprices deprived him of his mistress , of the future of which he had dreamed (	224.76132202148438
for in his blindness he forgot he could only read the present ) , and cast him into a dungeon . ” count ’ s manner of proceeding ; he knew that , like nero , he was in search of the impossible , and nothing astonished him , but wishing to judge with his own eyes how far the count ’ s orders had been executed , he accompanied him to the door of the house . ? ” of fact , without a single romance . cried danglars . pale moon , hidden momentarily by masses of dark clouds that were sweeping across the sky , whitened the gravel walks that led to the house , but were unable to pierce the obscurity of the thick	152.7715301513672
<unk> , in which a man could conceal himself without any fear of discovery . , here , ” said she , “ keep this in memory of me . ” albert , “ it was she . ” murmured the count . that makes no difference . write to the major to demand papers , and here they are . . him with open arms , was chilled as he drew near , in spite of the friendly smile , and simply held out his hand . of his folly , and delivered from his captivity . ” the <unk> ” for it is with the justice of all countries especially that i have occupied <unk> is with the criminal <unk> of all nations that i have	86.83748626708984
compared natural justice , and i must say , sir , that it is the law of <unk> nations , that is , the law of <unk> , that i have most frequently found to be according to the law of god . ” ” said maximilian , “ i will serve as your guide ; such a man as you are ought not to be introduced by a servant . have correspondents in that country . ” much coveted contained eight hundred thousand livres . keep it as a weapon against milady , or else , let us be frank , did he not reserve the sapphire as a last resource for his outfit ? this box , which you will not open until you are on	118.57606506347656
the other side of the channel . ” the latter . private account , and in <unk> them up , by <unk> them what they wished , monsieur le cardinal has made a good bargain . to me , ” replied franz , “ and the recital from your lips will make as great an impression on me as if i had witnessed it . and as his servant , i will not allow you to be concerned in <unk> against the safety of the state , or to serve the intrigues of a woman who is not french and who has a spanish heart . by their lackeys , were seen <unk> the quays and guard rooms , picking up among their friends abroad all the dinners	111.81471252441406
they could meet with ; for according to the advice of aramis , it was prudent to <unk> <unk> right and left in prosperity , in order to reap a few in time of need . d ’ artagnan , “ there was certainly one with aramis . seized one of the young man ’ s hands and placed it on the mane , which it grasped with the tenacity of a drowning man . . that render your nation superior to any other , ” returned monte cristo . . had no settled habits of his own , as he came from his province into the midst of a world quite new to him , fell easily into the habits of his friends . lend you some	110.87311553955078
? ” i get out of prison ! ” ’ s conventional abode , or rather <unk> ; it contained a few poor articles of household <unk> bed , a table , two chairs , a stone <unk> some dry herbs , hung up to the ceiling , which the count recognized as sweet peas , and of which the good man was preserving the <unk> ; he had <unk> them with as much care as if he had been master <unk> in the <unk> des <unk> . if they can separate the king from his mother . ” the majesty of justice . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , lowering his voice , “ and you will pardon me , i hope , for having disturbed	97.6169204711914
you when you know the importance of my business . ” though empty , and dry , though situated at an <unk> distance under the earth . ” cried mousqueton , “ saw them also . ” up our <unk> , planchet , and let us be off . child he loves . ” in another respect , which is in thinking that if we were to meddle in politics there could not be a better time than the present . ” remark shows , a man full of <unk> , and in every way fit for his office . his legs , would have declined all relationship with m. porthos . insufficient , and from time to time the line was broken through by the people and	125.1832504272461
was formed again with difficulty . andrea , — “ no ; it is useless for you to say so , count . an eagle would seize upon its prey . lord , ” said the queen , with the painful doubt that is felt by those who have suffered much ; “ come , and may heaven hear you . ” addressed ? ” ? ” the idea never occurred to me , ” answered dantès . milady , with a smile that belonged only to herself ; “ you forget that i am her best friend . ” be sure ! ’ tis true , wore a splendid ring , set with diamonds , given him by his royal mistress , whilst i—i have nothing but	118.89703369140625
a simple <unk> of gold , with a cipher on it and a date ; but that ring has been blessed in the chapel of the palais royal , * so they will never ruin me , as they long to do , and whilst they shout , ‘ down with mazarin ! ’ i , unknown , and unperceived by them , <unk> them to cry out , ‘ long live the duke de beaufort ’ one day ; another , ‘ long live the prince de <unk> ; ’ and again , ‘ long live the parliament ! ’ ” and at this word the smile on the cardinal ’ s lips assumed an expression of hatred , of which his mild countenance seemed incapable .	215.2232666015625
me to my bed ; but mousqueton <unk> , and brings in provisions . , don ’ t you ? ” wake early he did not close the shutters , but contented himself with <unk> the door and placing on the table an <unk> and <unk> knife , whose temper he well knew , and which was never absent from him . the lackeys saddle the horses . ” ? ” said kitty , “ it is not me you love ! i ’ faith , ” answered porthos . ” exclaimed the countess ; “ is he here in paris ? ” he to the captain , “ you tell me monte cristo serves as a refuge for pirates , who are , it seems to me	98.04544830322266
, a very different kind of game from the goats . ” said andrea , while dressing himself , “ i ’ ll wait till he leaves , and then i ’ ll slip away . ” son chapter 30 . ! the shore will be beneath your feet , the sea will be open to <unk> open than will perhaps be agreeable to you , for in four days england will be relieved of you . ” sign from a confidential clerk at the first desk . good sort of a prince , ’ added he , ‘ and although i like not puritans i do them justice ; and it is the same with <unk> , when they are pretty . she , seizing the count	158.16317749023438
’ s hand and raising it to her lips ; “ oh , thank you , thank you , edmond ! , you exaggerate your situation , ” said madame danglars , whose beautiful eyes sparkled for a moment . took his hand , and kissed it . uttered to his friend , on the following morning , contained a request that franz would accompany him on a visit to the count ; true , the young man had warmly and energetically thanked the count on the previous evening ; but services such as he had rendered could never be too often acknowledged . , he says sinbad the sailor ; but i doubt if it be his real name . ” the <unk> <unk> which madame de	114.4574203491211
saint-méran took , and madame de saint-méran is dead . lady as your interpreter , m. noirtier ? ” receiving this address in the favorable manner which morcerf had expected , knit his brow , and without inviting the count , who was still standing , to take a seat , he said : them all about it . ” about her , ” replied the countess , “ is , that she has been at rome since the beginning of the season ; for i saw her where she now <unk> the very first night of the season , and since then she has never missed a performance . you , when you were fulfilling your character as a royalist , and cut off the head of	109.56055450439453
one of my party , ‘ my son , you have committed a murder ? ’ no , i said , ‘ very well , sir , you have gained the victory ; tomorrow , <unk> , it will be our turn . ’ ” ! ” ’ avrigny met him in the passage . my poniard . ” a pure ray , like a christian angel in the midst of <unk> , one of those chaste figures , those calm shadows , those soft visions , which seemed to veil its virgin brow before these marble <unk> . by gloomy <unk> , <unk> waking dreams of grief , —the first rays of morning pierced his windows , and shone upon the pale blue paper on which he	147.3656768798828
had just inscribed his justification of providence . guards , desiring them to drink to the duke ’ s health , and as soon as they were gone shut all the doors , put the keys in his pocket and showed the table to the prince with an air that signified : ” said albert ; “ i have two words to say to the count of monte cristo . ” the keyhole , morrel was writing ; but madame morrel remarked , what her daughter had not observed , that her husband was writing on stamped paper . obtain for me , from monsieur dessessart , leave of absence for fifteen days . ” must make haste ; for hardly will the people of paris have <unk>	127.99273681640625
before we shall have a score of princes begging to lead them . ” , ” said the king ; “ put the army in battle array and face the enemy . ” till not one grain of gunpowder was <unk> . ” , my friend , how my bones <unk> since i came here . provincial was a gascon ; and that , particularly at this period , the compatriots of d ’ artagnan had the reputation of not being easily <unk> . one step backward , and to transport themselves , the morning of that day of great catastrophes , into the <unk> , gilded salon we have before shown them , and which was the pride of its owner , baron danglars . he murmured	154.14273071289062
in a low voice , as he concluded his sentence . continued king louis , who at the first glance had sounded the abyss on which the monarchy hung suspended , — “ to fall , and learn of that fall by telegraph ! no trouble to spend that ; and i am like you , i want capital . ” or three <unk> worthy of <unk> or <unk> . ” , as if made by a huge <unk> , a powerful tooth , or some iron instrument attacking the stones . <unk> . you were going to force that villain particelli upon me . ” follow me ; you will not watch me ? ” . my lord , that the duc de beaufort has contrived to	123.92864227294922
escape from the chateau of vincennes . ” said he , slowly , “ i wish , as the son of an ancient <unk> i consider this story of the lost letter perfectly <unk> wish , i say , in order to repair the coldness you may have remarked in my reception of you , to discover to you the secrets of our policy . to place the scent bag at the bottom of the silver casket , and to let the knife fall into it , making a sign to laporte that he was no longer able to speak ; then , in a last convulsion , which this time he had not the power to combat , he slipped from the sofa to the floor .	105.0953598022461
careless people in the world ; in bringing the horse out to the water they ’ ve allowed him to walk over the border . ” hour , with a proud look and insolent demeanor ; he alighted , passed through the corridors , and entered the house without observing the hesitation of the <unk> or the coolness of his colleagues . all the visions she beheld were but the children of her imagination , and the conviction was <unk> by the fact that in the morning no traces remained of the nocturnal phantoms , who disappeared with the coming of daylight . than once regretted them ; it was indeed a glorious time . ” , sir , ” said danglars ; “ i relate , and	166.2718505859375
i will repeat before the count what i have said to you . ” thought he , they have lowered it . glance at monte cristo , whose eyes had been riveted on her countenance during the whole course of her narrative . . much he allows the young man ? ” , ’ said vampa , raising his hand with a gesture of disdain , while teresa , no longer able to restrain her alarm , clung closely to him , ‘ do wolves <unk> each other ? ’ the duke , “ give me the pie ! ” for planchet . ” while among queens . <unk> ’ s beaming smile change to a <unk> of grief . i consider the wisest action of my life	132.03854370117188
by such a name . the french say , ” returned signor pastrini , somewhat piqued ; “ for that reason , i do not understand why they travel . ” villefort ; at the gate of the cemetery morrel made an excuse to wait ; he saw franz and m. de villefort get into the same <unk> , and thought this meeting <unk> evil . his hiding-place three or four <unk> of linen , laid one over the other , like folds of <unk> . the old man should express his approbation by closing his eyes , his refusal by winking them several times , and if he had some desire or feeling to express , he raised them to heaven . athos , speaking in a	147.3270263671875
low voice . ” with which felton stabbed him . the son of a great lord ? ” older than any of us , ” added d ’ artagnan . received orders to place himself behind the four friends in order to reload their weapons . had fixed on his color beforehand , had only to select the shade , and looked in his chestnut suit exactly like a retired sugar dealer . yes ! letter to anyone ? ” asked villefort , becoming still more pale . aramis , “ athos is right : <unk> in <unk> . ” he would perforate the stranger with whom you left him in dispute ; whereas the stranger , on the contrary , in spite of all his <unk> quickly	117.6903305053711
threw him on his back . my dearest father ? madame de saint-remy is at blois with the duchess of orleans . his profession must have made him renounce any great undertakings . ” <unk> is soon forgotten in this great babylon of excitement and changing tastes . great attention , while exchanging the customary compliments ; both were very handsome , but of quite different <unk> of beauty . ” days of leave , raoul ? ” could not be attributed to play ; for unlike porthos , who accompanied the variations of chance with songs or oaths , athos when he won remained as unmoved as when he lost . artagnan , ” said porthos , “ bid adieu to your sword and go with me	218.88352966308594
to pierrefonds , to bracieux , or to du vallon . forbid your telling me what i must know in ten minutes , in half an hour , or an hour . jacopo , “ and without any hesitation . ” monte cristo to himself , as he came away . dantès <unk> won ’ t ! ” , will he not ? ” asked debray of beauchamp . till your next swoon ! ” adventurous affair in which i may be killed . , he whose past life was so short , whose present so melancholy , and his future so doubtful . ” was the reply . the choice between america and tyburn , ” replied lord de winter . the light had disappeared . i	144.9135284423828
think what they say is very well said , and quite worthy of two gentlemen . ” , but , to his extreme astonishment , the stranger first addressed him . rid of the dormice that eat his <unk> any remark , and believed firmly in her daughter ’ s innocence and fidelity to the paternal roof . he said to ali , who entered : , but she has only been shaken by it ; and this time , at any rate , valentine will not die . ” ” said he , “ these gentlemen only say this out of affection for me , but at bottom they all like you . ” the cardinal had mentioned these diamond studs to the king . , on	126.9374771118164
which were inscribed their names , were placed on either side of a little enclosure , <unk> in , and shaded by four <unk> . that the sovereign of the island of elba has maintained his relations with italy and france ? ” without reflection or thought for the divine charm which is in the things of nature , <unk> after a fantastic dream ; then gradually this view of the outer world , so calm , so pure , so grand , reminded him of the <unk> of his vision , and once more awakened memory . the husband of my duchess died ; so , my dear , the coffer of the <unk> holding out its arms to me , i shall marry the widow .	181.79443359375
of that woman ? ” regard for the bastille than you . wedding to be ? ” he asked . aramis , with a grimace of disgust . watch . with that wretched sum , ” continued andrea , “ i could obtain a coat , and a room in which to receive the illustrious visitor i am daily expecting . ” of forges , i go and take sea waters ; i am free to do so . fro in the rooms like an <unk> and flow of <unk> , rubies , emeralds , <unk> , and diamonds . , ” said d ’ artagnan . saying to you in reply , my good guitant ? ” fine eye was <unk> by a tear . friends ,	102.59011840820312
although my rival , was much attached to me , <unk> name was fernand ; that of my betrothed was ’ <unk> , stay , ” continued the abbé , “ i have forgotten what he called her . ” monsieur bonacieux ? grimaud . ” they both exclaimed at once . passed the time of success in intrigue , and your fine eyes are not destined to be eclipsed by regretting paris , where there will always be two queens as long as you are there . ” bowed in obedience , and then went to teresa , and invited her to dance in a quadrille directed by the count ’ s daughter . give me one by which i may have the pleasure of addressing you	138.2938690185547
. <unk> , disappeared in the darkness and took the road to paris . it was by steel or by poison ; only of this i am sure , i have dreamed he was dead , and you know my dreams never deceive me . imprudent step ? call those friends who betray and ruin you , ” murmured the wife in her turn , in a low , muttering voice . the window and call for help , but my legs refused their office . aramis , “ i must ask your pardon , but i know not how to hide my indignation at seeing how a daughter of henry iv . , ” said his father . upon your promise . you must allow that this	114.70574951171875
is most extraordinary , ” said the astonished notary , turning to m. de villefort . way left you that is safe , ” said she ; “ it is through my grandfather ’ s <unk> ” she rose . same day you first saw me ? ” is not good , everything in this world is not <unk> which the most rigid and the <unk> soul is softened by the tears of strong emotion , <unk> sentiment : one of these momentary impulses actuated anne . and can make up our accounts . ” to meet again . athos . he saw him move , was the first to go up to him . one of your friends lives in that house ? ” the major ,	97.36891174316406
regarding himself with an air of complete satisfaction . of <unk> , all the <unk> of the garden had disappeared , the trees were nothing more than <unk> with their long bony arms , and the dead leaves sounded on the gravel under my feet . that this frightful combination of crimes has been invented by a woman ? ” for the cardinal ’ s guards , has just fled away . ” effectually force you ; ” and monte cristo drew another packet from his pocket . the cardinal resolved to know all about d ’ artagnan immediately ; of course he could not inquire from d ’ artagnan himself who he was and what had been his career ; he remarked , however , in the	129.0419464111328
course of conversation that the lieutenant of musketeers spoke with a gascon accent . with books and papers , upon which was <unk> an immense plan of the city of la rochelle , occupied the <unk> of the room . appeared to do so , with the greatest calmness . that is true . know what it was . d ’ artagnan . ” ” my friends , ” said the former , sighing . eyes . once more , sending this threat : “ to our next meeting , sirs , in england . ” , you alarm me . i am going to fight , ” answered porthos , reddening . mercédès , stopping when she had reached the centre of the table , “ sit	78.6689224243164
, i pray you , on my right hand ; on my left i will place him who has ever been as a brother to me , ” pointing with a soft and gentle smile to fernand ; but her words and look seemed to inflict the <unk> torture on him , for his lips became ghastly pale , and even beneath the dark hue of his complexion the blood might be seen retreating as though some sudden pang drove it back to the heart . word to anyone before going aboard ship , my sergeant will blow your brains out . ? the duke , “ she has her reasons . ” the first swordsmen in the kingdom ? ” you knew that the young gentleman was	204.93284606933594
the friend of his excellency , i would blow his brains out with my own hand ! ” to the heart . ” villefort , more and more amazed , and really supposing he was speaking to a <unk> or a madman , “ you consider yourself as one of those extraordinary beings whom you have mentioned ? ” who made him traverse a court and enter a corridor in which were three sentinels , opened a door and pushed him <unk> into a low room , where the only furniture was a table , a chair , and a commissary . dwell upon her with the same expression . thunderbolt they have laid aside for a moment , but which they can take up again instantly ,	140.17031860351562
if you attempt to intercept their movements . ” had pretended to be a curate for the purpose of getting his mistress married , and securing her a position . , and she would not know who you are ? ” my turn , and i shall not be sorry for him to be able to let me enjoy the same advantages with which you gratify your master . ” that before a week is past the door will be closed against me . ” will some day leave it ? ” said la ramee . she , hardly giving franz time to sit down , “ it seems you have nothing better to do than to make the acquaintance of this new lord ruthven , and you	109.09273529052734
are already the best friends in the world . ” s room , two at the door between the rooms and two at that by which the friends had entered . shall be proud to face the bullets , or even the rope , in company with you , athos ; for you have never seemed to me so grand as you are to-day . ” was stifled or extinct ; you have spared me till now , but since you speak of it , once for all , i tell you—— ” king was about to say and interrupted him : could never get such a man as that . she was twice married , once in france , the second time in england . ” do	95.78714752197266
not invite people of fashion . his friends of both <unk> , in that strange costume . you , madame , ” said athos , withdrawing his hand , “ hoping that in your turn you will do something for him ; till now i have watched over his education and i have made him , i hope , an accomplished gentleman ; but i am now obliged to return to the dangerous and wandering life of party faction . d ’ artagnan . what it <unk> on , ” said caderousse , <unk> and showing his teeth , like a monkey laughing or a tiger <unk> . talk to her , she so delights in your conversation . ” , to horse ! ” said , “	106.5780029296875
excuse me , sir ; hope alone makes me almost mad , —what will not reality do ? ” us concerns ourselves alone , my lord , ” replied d ’ artagnan . michon the dress of a cavalier and for kitty that of a lackey ; he sent them two excellent horses , and the fugitives went out hastily from tours , <unk> their course toward spain , trembling at the least noise , following <unk> roads , and asking for hospitality when they found themselves where there was no inn . ” a <unk> , three <unk> , and two cases of <unk> , i only wanted a murder , and here it is . and he could see well enough to <unk> his road .	157.9150848388672
order to pass away the time till ten o ’ clock , when i caught sight of your carriage and horses . ” ’ artagnan , with a company of musketeers , placed himself at the gates of notre dame to secure the service of the church . s strength had been equal to her hatred , mme . hundred thousand francs . intelligent creatures , united by the <unk> ties of maternal and filial love , had succeeded in <unk> understanding one another , and <unk> their <unk> , and albert had been able to tell his mother without <unk> a change of countenance : preferred money in hand to all that fine talk , for he knew well that to mazarin it was easy to promise	118.53197479248047
and hard to perform . observe it . a strength of which she could not have been supposed to be possessed , as morrel was going away , and passing both her hands through the opening , she clasped and wrung them . a very rash judgment , emmanuel ? ” said julie . that the death was not a natural one , and must be attributed ” — sealed up as it is , doubtless , ” said the procureur . are positive ; a young girl belongs first to him who carries her off , then the rest draw lots for her , and she is abandoned to their brutality until death <unk> her sufferings . me ? ” ? ” wandering , fixed itself upon	184.380126953125
morrel . de morcerf as the officer , fernand mondego ? ’ — ‘ indeed i do ! ’ cried haydée . do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements , we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate . , sir ; let me live ! ” , and at your next journey alight at my door . ” how the sight of him struck you , ” replied lord de winter . court , of which he always spoke with dignity and respect , made him respected by the new one , and he knew so many things , that not only was he always carefully considered	235.9882049560547
, but sometimes consulted . , and it was your grief that disarmed me . her terror joined her hands , —for she felt that the moment had arrived to ask for courage , —and began to pray , and while uttering little more than incoherent words , she forgot that her white shoulders had no other covering than her long hair , and that the <unk> of her heart could be seen through the lace of her <unk> . was prepared for them . , my lord . ” killed ? the honor to tell your excellency . ” ! thought and in silence , began to take off the robes of state he had assumed in order to be present at the sitting of parliament ,	136.30169677734375
and to attire himself in the military coat , which he wore with a certain degree of easy grace , owing to his former campaigns in italy . morrel ’ s , but the owner , hearing of his arrival , went to see him . at all <unk> , in order to gain time , to put some obstacle in the way of the execution on the following <unk> day appointed by the judges . against eight ; a point <unk> know the proverb . ” . , and exchanged a few words with them . , never forsook him for a single instant . not thought of this . d ’ artagnan . knows him is his friend . ” is as much as i shall	87.41412353515625
want . ” rapidly advancing wheels was heard , and almost immediately a carriage appeared , drawn by a pair of wild , ungovernable horses , while the terrified coachman strove in vain to restrain their furious speed . charming , ” said albert , “ how i should like to hear my <unk> called mademoiselle goodness , mademoiselle silence , mademoiselle christian charity ! again drew the small box from his pocket , opened it , and contrived to hold it in such a light , that a bright flash of brilliant hues passed before the dazzled gaze of caderousse . your wife abducted ? ” of , inasmuch as he had seen and spoken with him ; but of clement vii . honor , ” said	235.8345489501953
athos , “ one must be either a mazarinist or a frondeur . ! ” said kitty . place in my house , though they now occupy the public mind , will be forgotten in time , or if , indeed , a few enemies should persist in remembering them , why then i will add them to my list of crimes . de longueville ? ” be easy <unk> would give her a lesson . ” not a bravo ! villefort ’ s heart ; he approached the doctor , and seizing his arm , — “ valentine , ” said he , “ it is valentine ’ s turn ! ” ; but i was here first , and will not sail second . ” be	91.29606628417969
groslow , if he meets him . ” should have this money without delay . i possess my son ! ” time he has ever been in paris . ; yet you have something to tell me ? ” replied the count with increased anxiety . as elsewhere , head , and her little foot worked with impatience beneath her robe . passing at the back of the boxes , and the count knew that the approaching storm was intended to fall on him . same hotel , but on the same floor . ” he , “ you are ready to pay the official visits , which are absolutely indispensable ? ” on another , i who have always gained my own <unk> honestly . ” while	100.14727020263672
since . , dressed as i am in this pilot coat , on a night as dark as this . as they went , full of soldiers and courtiers . one of his descendants , and a great friend of mine ; he is a very rich englishman , eccentric almost to insanity , and his real name is lord wilmore . ” the coadjutor , <unk> his <unk> , which he wore , after the fashion of the ancient military <unk> , over his <unk> simar , “ there ’ s the enemy approaching . one who is lighting us . look into my conduct during the last four years that we have ceased to be husband and wife , and see whether it has not always	153.74868774414062
been consistent . for every one , except mazarin , to quit the room ; and gondy bowed , as if to leave with the rest . beauchamp arrived ; he had seen château-renaud , who had promised to be in the orchestra before the curtain was raised . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i also . , monsieur the curate of montdidier , and i are <unk> certain theological questions in which we have been much interested ; i shall be delighted to have your opinion . ” mounted , and took the road to st. germain . the _cicerone_ , seeing franz approach the window , “ shall i bring the carriage nearer to the palace ? ” ” said la ramee .	97.48384094238281
with these <unk> hold me responsible ? ” spend yearly ? ” asked the prefect . with one hand , whose trembling he did not even attempt to conceal , to read : you everywhere ; there is a visitor in the drawing-room . ” letter conveyed to me by lord de winter . du <unk> , guided by the instinct which leads thieves always to take the safest path , he found himself at the end of the rue la <unk> . the notary ; “ then , perhaps , it is to your son , m. de villefort ? ” ” , of that great , that sublime <unk> ” trouble to close and bolt the antechamber door , then that of the bedchamber , and	91.72198486328125
then extended his hand to villefort , who had followed all his motions with surprise which he could not conceal . any hesitation , only waiting to press the count ’ s hand fervently , he swallowed the mysterious substance offered by monte cristo . am <unk> me ! had touched a <unk> , and glanced along the bone . i would do one thing . ” morrel , seizing the moist hand of the paralytic , “ they ask me who i am , and what right i have to be here . you restore me to life ! ” cried aramis . do ? ” said d ’ artagnan . , say it—for you are condemned , and you shall die . ” my eyes shut	90.86848449707031
. ” month before i was arrested , and a fortnight after the death of the count of spada , on the 25th of <unk> ( you will see presently how the date became fixed in my memory ) , i was reading , for the <unk> time , the papers i was arranging , for the palace was sold to a stranger , and i was going to leave rome and settle at florence , intending to take with me twelve thousand francs i possessed , my library , and the famous breviary , when , tired with my constant labor at the same thing , and overcome by a heavy dinner i had eaten , my head dropped on my hands , and i fell asleep	153.62893676757812
about three o ’ clock in the afternoon . , princess , that if your reputation did not depend on precautions and if my life alone were <unk> ” ? ” asked the coadjutor . groups broke up . i will follow you . ” his usual calm gait , to the stable and went into the very midst of the <unk> , who , foreigner as he was , could not help admiring his height and the enormous strength of his great limbs . ’ artagnan was seeking . of <unk> ; you have <unk> have assassinated . ” out leading the two horses . but the horses upon which d ’ artagnan and planchet rode had been refreshed in the well supplied stables of the lord	113.17850494384766
of bracieux ; the master and servant rode side by side , conversing as they went , for d ’ artagnan had by degrees thrown off the master and planchet had entirely ceased to assume the manners of a servant . we , that is , monsieur du vallon and i , hesitated a little . ” you like ; it is the nearest frontier . , turn to the right , jump into your saddles , all will be right ; don ’ t be uneasy at anything except <unk> the signal . she ; “ i yield to your protestations , i yield to your <unk> . the queen , he knelt down . silence and with precision . friends , ” he replied ; “	130.13572692871094
why should we not be ? ” . but in asking for news , i mean , have you done anything for me ? ” madame de saint-méran ’ s room . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i see that although we have had the honor of traveling in your company you do not know us . a simple and <unk> heart , performed the duties of the church of that convent . who are you ? ” from me , putange was exiled , madame de chevreuse fell into disgrace , and when you wished to come back as ambassador to france , the king <unk> , my <unk> king himself opposed it . ” o ’ clock , ” replied d ’ artagnan .	63.98166275024414
monsieur bonacieux , you are generous in this matter . said in a low voice , ‘ well , since you know the <unk> so well , you know that they always keep their word . not quit their hotel in the rue du helder , their walk on the boulevard de <unk> , and the café de paris . ” to , after all ? cried porthos , making strong efforts to <unk> himself of d ’ artagnan , who was <unk> about his back ; “ you must be mad to run against people in this manner . ” night it was ? ” mother ’ s good opinion ; i assure you it is already yours to a very unusual extent . ” to assure	78.82975006103516
aramis that he could descend easily , when an idea came into his head which silenced him . next room were lighted candles , cards , two <unk> , and dice . ! ” said laporte . door and opened it . love me , madame ! cried ; “ he venture himself amongst us , to be hung ! equal to all the requirements , for a canal between beaucaire and <unk> had <unk> <unk> by <unk> boats for the cart and the <unk> . morrel ; “ in that m. noirtier may be right ; you have not seemed to be well for the last fortnight . ” albert , “ that you have seen all my treasures , allow me to offer them to you	109.32806396484375
, unworthy as they are . she should see morrel appear , pale and trembling , to forbid the signing of the contract , like the <unk> of <unk> in _the bride of <unk> . eyes , and he understood the joke , which he did not think quite so stupid as he had done just before . water . ” mendicant his master made him a sign to retire , and he was obliged to obey . air of stupefaction , looked at the hostess , who turned pale . his departure , although she was seated at the little window of the room which had been occupied by old dantès . have waited for it so patiently , ” said d ’ artagnan , with a	84.01168060302734
smile . seen the glistening muskets of half a dozen soldiers . the two persons for whom he had prepared this scene could scarcely endure it , and not wishing to carry it too far , said : you want on that table , ” said the waiter . was almost livid , this man had a remarkably handsome face ; his eyes were penetrating and sparkling ; his nose , quite straight , and projecting direct from the brow , was of the pure greek type , while his teeth , as white as pearls , were set off to admiration by the black moustache that encircled them . ceiling sank upon my head and crushed me with its weight . ’ t know that . will	193.68478393554688
be immediately saddled . ” dashing against the rocks on which the château is built , reached dantès ’ ear distinctly as they went forward . am shut up alone here . ” ! ” cried milady , forgetting her usual presence of mind . for it was the day of pentecost , and the crowd looked in wonder at these two cavaliers ; one as fresh as if he had come out of a <unk> , the other so covered with dust that he looked as if he had but just come off a field of battle . one to save the other ? arrived this night at newcastle . ” his forces . tired , ’ said she to the jeweller ; ‘ i have spread	156.85379028320312
a pair of white sheets on your bed ; go up when you are ready , and sleep well . ’ was like a dream , but it was not the less frightful . her hair dishevelled , and her lips foaming . bond of union was closer than ever , and when they parted , each to take the route agreed on , they turned back to utter affectionate expressions , which the <unk> of the <unk> repeated . misery in the world ; there is only the comparison of one state with another , nothing more . very well that you are reflecting on yourself , valentine . ” gaining his <unk> search him on the spot , or to carry him away , making a	180.619140625
<unk> of his body , and search him in the trench . to the duke and every day the cardinal received fresh accounts of him which were as unpleasant as possible to the minister . ingenuous , pure man who seems virtuous ; him there are means of <unk> . ” we shall meet again , ” said mercédès , pointing to heaven with solemnity . danglars says , you are rich , and perfectly free . t let that disturb you , ” cried mme . , gazed silently at her . those <unk> who detain women by force . yours . ” touching <unk> , monsieur , and although i did not myself believe it , i would not for the world have destroyed my father	116.7044906616211
’ s faith . ! ” sentiment which your eminence will appreciate , measures to be taken after the events . judge the actions of one period from the point of view of another . , ” said porthos ; “ i feel some need of it . ” ask these gentlemen where they are caught . ” been these ten years , connected with the house of morrel & son , of marseilles . you frighten me . palace to congratulate the queen on the battle of lens , determined beforehand to act with or against the court , as his congratulations were well or ill received . as far as <unk> ; and from <unk> she had set out for armentières . arrest was being <unk>	130.24610900878906
in every different form . , and without retaining any malice . time mute and motionless ; at length he said : you appeared to be so . , wife , ” replied caderousse sharply . guitant , ” said mazarin ; “ richelieu was a great man , a very great man , but he had that defect . little air of incredulity . ; what i am about to ask will not compromise you in any degree . ” , and your conscience will be at rest . ” grimaud . ” aramis so much as to be mistaken for him . , ” and monte cristo forced the bank-notes into his hand . he heard the steps of several horses on the road . amongst	98.1407241821289
them , in order to see some other face besides that of his jailer ; he sighed for the galleys , with the infamous costume , the chain , and the brand on the shoulder . ” against a strong dose ; the poison will be changed , and the quantity <unk> ” he took the glass and raised it to his lips . there is a general insurrection . ” up the private stairs . ” just what i can not tell you ; if i did , i should make you as wise as myself , which it is not my intention to do . ” <unk> , <unk> , and the <unk> , they put to sleep all who stand in their way . the	93.24759674072266
carriage . on my own account , i shall always find a resource ; my books , my <unk> , my piano , all the things which cost but little , and which i shall be able to procure , will remain my own . had resolved to die , and during the four days that he had been carrying out his purpose , edmond had not spoken to the attendant , had not answered him when he inquired what was the matter with him , and turned his face to the wall when he looked too curiously at him ; but now the jailer might hear the noise and put an end to it , and so destroy a ray of something like hope that <unk> his	133.99307250976562
last moments . at marseilles . ” ” she said , “ the arch <unk> ! ” older than he was . ” count , ” he said , and signed the treaty . to destroy yourself ! ” ? from his reverie by the voice of faria , who , having also been visited by his jailer , had come to invite his <unk> to share his supper . , where are you going ? ” louis , “ he was well informed . such clothes ! ” ” said the landlord triumphantly , and without waiting for franz to question him , “ i feared yesterday , when i would not promise you anything , that you were too <unk> is not a single carriage to	75.49789428710938
be <unk> is , for the three last days ” for my d ’ artagnan , the noble and loyal gentleman ? ” the time . . ” ! _ ’ ” he read , “ ‘ <unk> my memory ! _ ’ ” nourishment ? ” said blaisois , pointing to the <unk> bread and pot of beer upon the table . proofs ! ” said the president ; “ remember this <unk> of horrors must be supported by the clearest proofs . ” , madame , ’ said he , wishing , no doubt , to profit by the absence of the husband , so that the latter could not influence the wife ’ s story , to see if the two <unk> <unk> . believe	95.53986358642578
what you say ! ” lemonade ? ” at the tuileries promptness , and the coadjutor spent with them a part of the night . said porthos ; “ i think she wants to ride on horseback . ” please you . ” reason i have given orders to pass the island , for , as you see , the fire is behind us . ” he . tell you , my lord , that you are mistaken , ” replied the gascon , <unk> , firm to the promise he had just made to anne of austria . promising fellow and it is i who have found out his merits , ” said monsieur de chavigny . this room , then ? ” where you will wait	65.47015380859375
for intelligence from the cardinal ; let me know always where to find you . ” , ” said lord de winter . , make yourself easy , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ people of all conditions gain the kingdom of heaven . ” given the sailor on duty an order to be on the watch with more than usual vigilance , went down into the longboat and soon reached greenwich . , reassured by the silence , which was alone disturbed by the regular breathing of valentine , again extended her hand , and half hidden by the curtains succeeded in emptying the contents of the phial into the glass . , the queen felt certain , without knowing how to tell which , that	119.2691879272461
one of her women had betrayed her . said monte cristo ; “ now you must permit me to take my leave of you . ” or of his father ? thing ; i shall be brought home . ” i will tell you why . for all i ’ ve had since yesterday was a <unk> of bread and <unk> , with <unk> on it . of this sentence . to awaken my regret . ” it is needless to say that while they coveted the millions , they thought they did not need them for themselves , as they were beautiful enough without them . it gain the opposite bank ; the figures were defined like black shadows on the <unk> horizon . ? ” the	104.41034698486328
pier . sides . ” that he offered to them , but of such a kind as the arabian <unk> might be supposed to prepare . he , “ you have <unk> ” artagnan , even folly , has its limit . ” complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the united states . not be displeased , sir , that valentine has not come with us , or that i dismissed barrois , for our conference will be one which could not with propriety be carried on in the presence of either . light all night , they had made but little progress . evening , however , the beautiful <unk> became <unk> ; she smilingly listened to the soft	197.54574584960938
speeches of d ’ artagnan , and even gave him her hand to kiss . is yours . to whom i had promised the interest of this sum , shall receive it , even if i endure the most cruel <unk> . ” rouse the whole quarter . ” ” to inspire imagination and produce thought . , that you are thus harsh and cruel with me , because you are expecting someone who is thus attired ; but perhaps he whom you await is inconstant , or if he is not , the sea is so to him . ” sure , an honest man . ” forgotten nothing ! then , to interrogate grimaud . ” entered . of man is very great , ” said	118.61802673339844
villefort , “ since it surpasses the goodness of god . lord de winter came in . my agony . ” he was to the work , he had to repeat most of the letters of the alphabet and to find every word in the dictionary , so that it was ten minutes before the thought of the old man was translated by these words , ” said monte cristo to himself , “ that i can have met with a man that has no ambition ? joy . that he would get nothing out of this man , who was evidently telling a falsehood in his pretended ignorance of the abode of aramis , but whose lies were bold and decided . <unk> ” which pleasure and	103.69829559326172
pain were strangely mingled . bottle , poured some drops of the mixture it contained in the hollow of his hand , and swallowed them . heaven , run , call ! the government of <unk> ’ <unk> , five hundred thousand francs for his wife and the honor of seeing her son held at the baptismal font by the young king and henrietta of england . the king expects your reply and awaits it in agony ? ” dear monsieur d ’ artagnan , that if i had obtained them from any other source , or if they had been confided to me , there exists no confessor more discreet than myself . ” had nearly expired . busoni and myself have a small account open between	174.39312744140625
us . time in the <unk> surrounding the house , and gathering a rose to place in her waist or hair , she turned into the dark avenue which led to the bench ; then from the bench she went to the gate . had morrel renewed his demand , and twice had villefort <unk> him with promises . cried mercédès , with an angry look at her cousin . being interpreted , answered , “ three , without counting myself . ” arm dropped to his side . enter your room at night ? ” , monsieur , ” continued the latter , “ we have led the most miserable life imaginable ; for you must know , monsieur , that all our provisions are in the	147.0254669189453
cellar . near the thickest part of the hedge . be so , ” replied caderousse , his face flushed with cupidity . the angry look . am as capable of <unk> a ship as the most experienced captain in the service ; and it will be so far advantageous to you to accept my services , that upon edmond ’ s release from prison no further change will be requisite on board the _pharaon_ than for dantès and myself each to resume our respective posts . ” , and d ’ avrigny approached . him approach , drew his sword a foot out of the scabbard . was too natural an accident to excite suspicion . keep it . ” time , ” said he , “	160.47686767578125
these persons will depart <unk> by fifty piastres each , to go and risk their lives again by endeavoring to gain fifty more ; then they will return with a fortune of six hundred francs , and waste this treasure in some city with the pride of <unk> and the insolence of <unk> . the almost imperceptible sound of his footsteps as he descended towards their dungeons , and happily , never failed of being prepared for his coming . be there at the time you come , and i will endeavor to repay you , as far as lies in my power , for your liberal hospitality displayed to me at monte cristo . ” . said the count . friends with a melancholy smile . morrel	137.0957489013672
’ s features ; he seized monte cristo ’ s hand . tomorrow evening we leave , and the day after we shall be at tréport . confess i should not be sorry to come across mordaunt again . ” me to know whether i also suit you ? ” court now . ” said athos . deposition ? friends of today are the enemies of tomorrow ; beauchamp , for instance . ” him ? ” the duke with the very horses he has just left ? ” to about that sum ; but keep it , and we shall be quits . ” have heard monsieur de tréville speak to us a little <unk> today that other people are to treat us as he speaks to	104.8864974975586
us ? , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ instead of making compliments to each other , let us explain our conduct to each other , like men of right and honest hearts . ” to be quite sure that i have never thought of your fortune ; besides , they say i am already rich in right of my <unk> rich , even . the city was at an extremity ; but instead of adding , “ if your succor does not arrive within fifteen days , we will surrender , ” it added , quite simply , “ if your succor comes not within fifteen days , we shall all be dead with hunger when it comes . ” story . ” , tell me	114.5687026977539
, did you know this englishman ? ” the count of monte cristo bought that house ? it is a dream ; a retired baker , my poor benedetto , is <unk> has an annuity . ” masks , who strove to snatch each other ’ s torches . provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg™ ’ s goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg™ collection will remain freely available for generations to come . gong . waistcoat was found in his house , containing the letter which stopped the signature of the marriage-contract . like apparitions , without the guards thinking of <unk> them , and reached the open country . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ they have just	181.8754119873047
told the people that you are asleep ; you see , you still are king . ” , monte cristo ’ s joy was not less intense . ” , or rather , so much the better ; it has been so ordained that he may have none to weep his fate . ” the two musketeers , after a moment ’ s silence , “ no , sir , we do not . ” see his own valet de chambre , whom he had not brought , that he might not inconvenience monte cristo . . party , count . ” <unk> restore me the handkerchief ? ” come from an enemy , monsieur , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ it comes from the queen	65.90166473388672
. ” me the order of charles iii. , ” returned debray carelessly . for m. laporte in order to be reconducted to the louvre , should be running about the streets of paris at half past eleven at night , at the risk of being abducted a second time ? manage to keep out of difficulties . cried la carconte ; ‘ we will not part with it for that sum . , remained mute and motionless ; his look alone had spoken . as <unk> . ” , ” said he ; “ here is monsieur d ’ artagnan ; and you are his friends , messieurs athos , porthos , and aramis . ” ? ” said dantès , turning pale , and looking alternately	87.40190887451172
at the hollow cheeks of the old man and the empty cupboards . in the collection are in the public domain in the united states . d ’ artagnan , “ is your first witness monsieur porthos ? ” porthos . <unk> and printed and given <unk> may do <unk> anything in the united states with ebooks not protected by u.s. copyright law . de morcerf saw me . ” , porthos . on a black table lighted up the handsome and resigned face of the king and that of his faithful <unk> , far less calm . coming ? ” left him at the moment they were about to extinguish the _moccoli_ , and that he had lost sight of him in the via <unk> . the	120.80872344970703
count , “ the world , unjust as it is , will be pleased with your resolution ; your friends will be proud of you , and m. d ’ épinay , even if he took mademoiselle de villefort without any dowry , which he will not do , would be delighted with the idea of entering a family which could make such sacrifices in order to keep a promise and fulfil a duty . ” , you rogue ? ” his horse , he may have cut a <unk> from the deck ; he may have traveled so fast against the wind as to have brought on a violent <unk> . cried the lieutenant ; “ there ’ s only one man in the world who could	93.17328643798828
stay my hand ; by a fatality that very man bars my way . repaired to the house of a jew , a dealer in precious stones , to whom he disposed of four of his smallest diamonds for five thousand francs each . the world for the love of you ; now that i see you , young and with a promising future , <unk> that i think of all that may result to you in the good fortune of such a disclosure , i shudder at any delay , and tremble lest i should not assure to one as worthy as yourself the possession of so vast an amount of hidden wealth . ” let parry kill one and you the other . to unravel the	260.3672790527344
mystery to which she is attached . said . dantès . said , “ there is one window of the convent lighted up . ” see raoul ? ” asked athos . man was ! ” cried the young officer . ” the same smile returned . ! with your latin . lord , ” replied d ’ artagnan . cloister of st. <unk> , for she guessed the reproaches that awaited her there ; but she was fascinated by the lofty airs of porthos . ; their tears will deprive me of the courage to die . ” and stood , hidden by the black drapery , beneath the scaffold . for the end of the month these bills which have been assigned to us by the	86.87521362304688
house of pascal , and the house of wild & <unk> of marseilles , amounting to nearly <unk> francs ; in all , 287,500 francs . ” a man who was quite destitute struck even porthos ; and this french generosity , repeated by lord de winter and his friend , was highly <unk> , except by mm . returned to the palais royal . cavaliers . ” . ” said de winter , when the queen had dismissed her attendants . the frenchman to follow him , and he did not wait to be asked twice . intended , but the <unk> of it little knew whom they had to deal with . in his thigh , which had broken the bone . ” repeated he within	118.71954345703125
himself ; and he felt as if he were also dying . his master , who examined the weapons with a solicitude very natural to a man who is about to intrust his life to a little powder and shot . valentine , at the height of her terror , “ you say you endured tortures when you saw the deadly poison poured into my glass ; but if you saw this , you must also have seen the person who poured it ? ” door of the house . an honest man . ” ’ artagnan resumed , “ you will not become a partisan of mazarin ’ s ? ” that the fifty louis which i send are equally for aramis as for <unk> you as	114.84941101074219
aramis . ” gossip , i hope ? ” shrink from no undertaking , according to what i see . ” till tomorrow . ” we may sleep tranquilly . ” hastened to meet him . mousqueton , “ remember that bread is the true nourishment of a frenchman , who is not always able to get bread , ask grimaud . ” said the king . the wall ! ” an indescribable desire to know what was going on in the dungeon of his unfortunate friend . horses , drove to the chamber , and inscribed his name to speak against the <unk> . the rospoli palace . eyes when his <unk> idea presented itself , and whispered in his ear that he had slept too long	108.97975158691406
. this and the earth proved too heavy , he would be stifled , and <unk> much the better , all would be over . court ? them with astonishment , for they sought vainly in their minds to know who this other person could be . villefort , who was the first to break the silence , “ i consider that i am the best judge of the propriety of the marriage in question . sight of a small wood , and spurring their horses afresh , rode in its direction . . ” the cardinal people fired better than that , do you remember the road to crevecoeur , mousqueton ? ” , that on leaving us he lost his way , that ’ s all	154.83836364746094
. piercing than the first , now sounded . the appointed time ; but athos , being warned of his coming , went into the other chamber . aramis , in his neighbor ’ s ear , “ the conferences are over . pursued ? ” been sent by my protector . ” steps a young woman of twenty to five-and-twenty , dressed in a silk morning gown , and busily engaged in plucking the dead leaves off a <unk> <unk> , raised her head . would have died before assistance could have been procured . morrel , “ i am at your service , count ; still—— ” . the cardinal as soon as possible . ” such a proposition , especially to a woman who always	140.75576782226562
<unk> to be so entirely disinterested ? ” , ’ said caderousse . ! ” said château-renaud , shuddering . her nerves gave way , and she sunk on the carpet . ! am but a man , and your admiration is as <unk> as your words are <unk> . ” i had foreseen the result , it is the honor of your visit i alluded to . ” avenge yourself on me , and i say that it is horrible ! ” he , on perceiving d ’ artagnan , “ ah ! bottom of the valise belonging to the young man a small bag of louis , called olivain , the lackey who had followed him from blois , and made him pack the valise under	103.01703643798828
his own eyes , <unk> to see that everything should be put in which might be useful to a young man entering on his first campaign . on the ground , so that the steam rose directly under the nostrils of danglars . more impatient than on the preceding evening . , ” replied d ’ artagnan . my <unk> ” the queen summoned him to her cabinet . us , ” added d ’ artagnan . i shall always choose to remain there . ” de <unk> , and several other gay women . tore a page from his tablets and wrote : to leave no traces of his feet in the ashes , but still it was an outlet , and in this light was not	97.40852355957031
to be passed over without serious investigation . ? ” that there is something worth having about this large gentleman ? ” you were obliged to leave us , monsieur , ” said madame de villefort , “ and you were about to tell us why when your attention was called to some other subject . ” king , touch the greatest of us on the head , and touching them make such heads shake on their shoulders . in the morning they heard a terrible riot in the stables . . ” de la fere , madame . the family , and was in the count ’ s possession . she exclaimed , “ let him come in . ” answered dantès . , what it is	59.42201614379883
to belong to the army . you here . ’ it . ” almost fainted , revived . d ’ artagnan ; “ we have not a minute to lose . ” ” and setting the example he <unk> his oar into the sea ; two strokes took the bark on twenty fathoms further . said albert , “ do you think we are going to run about on foot in the streets of rome , like lawyers ’ clerks ? ” , ” said beauchamp ; “ he will meet you . after the entrance of madame danglars into her box , the band quitted the orchestra for the accustomed half-hour ’ s interval allowed between the acts , and the audience were left at liberty to	130.8519287109375
promenade the salon or <unk> , or to pay and receive visits in their respective boxes . particular message for me ? ” wife was , one might , by extreme means , force the mercer to open his teeth and let his secret escape . ’ artagnan ; “ you think of every one ; you are indeed a nobleman ! was in paris , you , of course , did not lose sight of him ? ” not dead . ” be sharp , that ’ s all . ” said valentine , as she passed the end of her slender fingers through a small opening in the planks , and permitted maximilian to press his lips to them , “ and you are a true	114.94600677490234
and faithful friend ; but still you acted from motives of <unk> , my dear maximilian , for you well knew that from the moment in which you had manifested an opposite spirit all would have been ended between us . that <unk> the heart ! that all ? ” replied buckingham , impatiently . , how much you must have learned during your intimacy with the late cardinal ! an <unk> in <unk> robes entered , followed by two guards , to whom the king waved an imperious gesture . although i am the insulted party , in order to carry out my <unk> , i leave him the choice of arms , and will accept without discussion , without dispute , anything , even combat by	179.5712890625
drawing lots , which is always stupid , but with me different from other people , as i am sure to gain . ” key turning in the lock , and the creaking of the hinges , dantès , who was crouched in a corner of the dungeon , whence he could see the ray of light that came through a narrow iron grating above , raised his head . danglars sat down on a bench . , ” said aramis . that all the responsibility fell , for one is not a <unk> minister without responsibility . to extend his hand , but it fell powerless beside him . <unk> , and the spot chosen for the scene of the duel was exposed to its full ardor	156.26954650878906
. said d ’ artagnan , his eyes <unk> , “ battle ! too much , ” cried milady . depend upon me as firmly as i do upon you . ” to give some orders he saw mousqueton approaching . strong emotion ; and despite the rouge with which her face was covered evidently turned <unk> ” child , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ i am making use of the privilege <unk> to me by your guardian . ” athos , turning pale . is not like the other , and his madness is less affecting than this one ’ s display of reason . ” continued on their way and athos and aramis dismounted . ” said caderousse , from whose mind the friendly	98.53018951416016
treatment of dantès , united with the effect of the excellent wine he had <unk> of , had effaced every feeling of envy or jealousy at dantès ’ good fortune , — “ upon my word , dantès is a <unk> good fellow , and when i see him sitting there beside his pretty wife that is so soon to be . prince de condé ? ” , that would barely be possible ; but what can a woman do ? half past ten . then , my dear count , ” cried gondy , offering his hand . sir—— ” said fernand , awaiting with great anxiety the end of this interrupted remark . , as louis xiii . but he excused himself on account of madame	200.24305725097656
de morcerf being obliged to go to <unk> for the benefit of sea air . ” any enemies ? ” to paris , and the two lackeys had agreed , for their transport , to <unk> the <unk> ’ s thirst along the route . while he who called himself <unk> whom we have occasionally named so , that we might , like his guest , have some title by which to distinguish <unk> some orders to the servant , franz entered still another apartment . perfectly easy , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ they will not touch a hair of your head . ” . ” murmured renée . ” said d ’ artagnan , taking the document and bowing , “ this is a	91.91326904296875
noble reward ; but everything in the world is <unk> , and the man who happened to fall into disgrace with your majesty might lose this office to-morrow . ” but he could <unk> nothing ; he staggered , and supported himself against the <unk> . ! ” cried morrel , turning pale , “ what is it ? ” these doubts and wishes , when the patron , who had great confidence in him , and was very desirous of retaining him in his service , took him by the arm one evening and led him to a tavern on the via del ’ <unk> , where the leading smugglers of leghorn used to <unk> and discuss affairs connected with their trade . amount <unk> “ ,	137.6342315673828
said porthos , who preferred discussing the total to taking them one by one . i have never succeeded by that means . , two hundred <unk> hundred pistoles for you and a hundred pistoles for me . monte cristo , “ which is precisely the reason which renders your kindness more meritorious , —it is in the country . ” were talking with him , i watched you without listening to you ; and , monsieur , his countenance changed color two or three times ! ” dear lucien , here are <unk> , of <unk> them , and persuade the minister to sell us such instead of poisoning us with cabbage leaves . ” caderousse , “ a man can not always feel happy because he	154.663330078125
is about to be married . ” he , “ i thank you for your hospitality , which i would gladly have enjoyed longer ; but i must return to paris . ” be easy on that score ; the family is extinct . franz , “ this is an arabian nights ’ adventure . ” year , at which he appeared for a quarter of an hour only , —that is to say , five-and-forty minutes less than the king is visible at his balls . grating that guarded the royal tombs and stood on the <unk> step , whilst athos and raoul descended . , your fortune is certain , for i shall have money enough for both , and , moreover , a name we	133.74118041992188
shall both be proud of , since it will be our own . say of it in the world ? ” had not been laden , and i had been her master , he would have bought her . around in the armchair ; a delicious torpor <unk> every vein . , as i have told you ; had he lived , mercédès , <unk> , had not become the wife of another , for he would have been there to reproach her infidelity . king ’ s musketeers carries a certain respect with it , and even if that were not the case i would engage with four of my men to put to flight a hundred of these <unk> . ” full light of the lamp	113.28546142578125
which lit the yard : presented to her when i met her at madame villefort ’ s ball . ” sir , these gentlemen are each of them worth fifteen hundred pounds ? ” returned to her place with a smile of savage contempt upon her lips , and repeated , <unk> , that terrible name of god , by whom she had just sworn without ever having learned to know him . dresses as nobody else can , ” said porthos . ” replied danglars , who reckoned on <unk> his keeper ; “ but i am content . thoroughly than the august heirs had done , but it was fruitless . replied aramis . not mine , valentine , i shall always think i may lose	131.5137939453125
you . ” but i supposed he had returned . ” which i live ; at the death of monsieur de tréville , who is old , i may be a captain , which is a very <unk> berth for a once <unk> gascon . ” said he , “ she is asleep ; that ’ s well . love me ! ” said the procurator ’ s wife , slowly and sadly . footstep was heard descending the wooden staircase that led from the upper floor , and , with many bows and courteous smiles , the host of the pont du gard besought his guest to enter . ? ” athos . ” he heard a sob . for one instant believe you so devoid of	122.435546875
gallantry as to refuse a lady your escort when she even <unk> to ask you for it . ” exposed her face completely to view ) — “ see , misfortune has <unk> my hair , my eyes have shed so many tears that they are encircled by a <unk> of purple , and my brow is <unk> . , by the expression of the man who thus addressed him , that he had fallen into a trap , and he remained with his mouth wide open and his eyes <unk> staring . ” ? ” asked athos , “ it is as dark as a cold oven . ” you is very different from the love i had for my father . if the sun <unk> him	113.61751556396484
. to milady the full extent of the space she had opened for herself by this single word . xxvii . continued bertuccio , “ i could have killed the procureur , but as i was not sufficiently acquainted with the neighborhood , i was fearful of not killing him on the spot , and that if his cries were overheard i might be taken ; so i put it off until the next occasion , and in order that nothing should escape me , i took a chamber looking into the street bordered by the wall of the garden . but a gray beard under the fringe of the mask . ” raoul , at the hotel of the bell and bottle , the best at compiegne	141.27796936035156
; and had started again on his journey , saying that he should sleep at noyon . captain , “ but we must warn your excellency that the island is an infected port . ” association of musketeers was composed of four persons . reseated himself . on his brow as if to collect his thoughts . ” ( as our readers know ) to julie , and signed “ sinbad the sailor . ” going to make an imprudent and thoughtless request , but—— ” with his heel and continued his way . but i don ’ t much like it boiled or roasted . ” the young man ; “ all is now explained ; with this key i open the abyss . board already ,	169.3952178955078
” and he looked back again . woman who had already recovered all her advantages . place , and stay there ; i get tired of it , and leave it ; i am free as a bird and have wings like one ; my attendants obey my slightest wish . made a breach by her false virtue in the opinion of a man horribly prejudiced against her , and by her beauty in the heart of a man hitherto chaste and pure . without being perceived by her . a consultation as to the best means of proceeding with the affair . tears , and much disturbed , softened , he threw himself at her feet . and i will give it . ” enjoy that pleasure	168.7843017578125
, ” said aramis , with his mild and careless manner . that grimaud had perceived the two men seated together . perfectly composed , ” said albert . ” repeated the curate , who , about as strong as d ’ artagnan with respect to latin , carefully watched the jesuit in order to keep step with him , and repeated his words like an echo . steps beyond the door i had examined the house on all sides . four together and without a scratch ; which is a consolation . ” . ’ t doubt that , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ but it seems to me that you are tolerably familiar with coats of <unk> certain embroidered handkerchief , for instance ,	105.48164367675781
to which i owe the honor of your acquaintance ? ” edmond , “ to think that in half an hour i could join her , did i not fear being questioned , detected , and conveyed back to marseilles ! planchet , “ let us bind him to a tree . ” he caused the earth to be dug up ? mostly pass at italian theatres ; that is , not in listening to the music , but in paying visits and conversing . wait at table , and acquitted himself so admirably , that the guest complimented his host thereupon . set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement , the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum	223.09815979003906
disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law . ” go , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ what the devil ! he , “ did you observe one very singular thing ? ” known among the honorable corps of the king ’ s musketeers , in which it was known he would one day take his place ; he was considered beforehand as a comrade . to pay their respects to the king and queen in their coach . but not one from cardinal mazarin . ” enough to enable a friendship of twenty years to overcome an affront of a quarter of an hour . let us do as did the amorous gascon ; we will see after the worthy mercer later . the	126.05196380615234
man who had called out in such a furious manner , “ put in your head ! ” but this was not the time for <unk> , so he assumed his most agreeable manner and said with a gracious smile : clothed herself with that magic <unk> which she assumed and threw aside at will ; that is to say , beauty , <unk> , and <unk> above all , the irresistible attraction of <unk> <unk> , the most devouring of all <unk> . of great excitement ; he was in <unk> . she say ? ” sent us here . ” athos , “ fortunately monsieur d ’ artagnan has only fainted . ” you know then— ” me ; i exist no longer for you ,	109.0731201171875
any more than if you had never seen me . ” at some future period , and in the mean time i request you to excuse my <unk> to put you in possession of my reasons . ” my friend ; but take care or you will lose that letter which is peeping from your doublet , and which also comes , no doubt , from your publisher . ” generous friend , adieu ; i will go and tell valentine what you have done for me . ” listen , valentine , ” said the count ; “ i have a favor to ask of you . ” . ” like it , but—— ” pale , and , seizing her son ’ s arm , drew	70.68318939208984
him anxiously toward her ; but , once satisfied of his safety , she also cast a brief but expressive glance on the casket , which was not lost upon the count . this journey , my dear m. d ’ artagnan ? ” asked mazarin , anxiously . ! ” cried the queen , whose anxiety grew greater every moment . and went to smell if the pie was good . the cardinal . sire , ” said he .	77.35674285888672
Average perplexity: 197.93993987305966
