accompany me ? ” are going to send a whole regiment against us , ” said athos . , ” said the officer , “ and requests to speak with your eminence instantly . ” confessor ? ” fight , ” said athos . father ’ s christian name was fernand , and his family name mondego ? ” different and more serious matter , ” responded the abbé . say to her ? ” some thanks . the duke ; and at the same time he sprang toward his sword . said with a sad smile : “ poor wretch , for half a crown he would do as much to his own father . ” m. de busigny . and panting . instead of sitting down	72.37537384033203
at the stern of the boat , which had been decorated with a blue carpet for his <unk> , stood up with his arms crossed . three men together , monsieur comminges , ” said mazarin , “ we must double the guard , and we are not rich enough in fighting men to commit such acts of prodigality . ” ” four of the band , who were concealed on the banks of the <unk> , surrounded the carriage . of aramis . the count , “ your life is safe ; the same good fortune has not happened to your <unk> is mad , the other dead . on his manuscript , his cheek upon his hand , and looked intently at the young man for	77.64196014404297
a moment . to the bottom of his heart by this proof of courage , sprang toward him . ’ avrigny was returning to valentine ’ s room , accompanied by villefort , an italian priest , of serious demeanor and calm and firm tone , hired for his use the house adjoining the hotel of m. de villefort . attention ; i approached and recognized that little kitty whom our friend aramis had placed with her . you , ” answered the countess . commander of the _pharaon_ , with the certainty of being permanently so , if that fool of a caderousse can be persuaded to hold his tongue . ” not concealed from his master that he had met d ’ artagnan and aramis ,	114.2972412109375
and that d ’ artagnan in the yellow horse had recognized the béarnese pony upon which he had come to paris , and which he had sold for three crowns . ground . friend ! ” he cried , “ what bad stabling for my horses here . ” be over , and people will hunt with <unk> , snares , and traps . ease through the subterranean passage , which , however , did not admit of their holding themselves erect , the two friends reached the further end of the corridor , into which the abbé ’ s cell opened ; from that point the passage became much <unk> , and barely permitted one to creep through on hands and knees . ’ s hope .	151.04498291015625
with a feverish rage , which gave a ferocious eloquence to his words . ” so very great . ” artagnan took the pistols which were upon the front seat , placed them in his belt , wrapped himself in his cloak , and not wishing to enter by the same gate as that through which they had left , he took his way toward the richelieu gate . ” said madame de chevreuse , taking his hand and making him sit near her , while she looked at him with eyes sparkling with pleasure ; “ no , unhappily , i am not the queen . madame coquenard , a mule with feathers and bells . ” albert ; “ let us <unk> love him . ”	80.8871841430664
is true , will have to pay for my happiness with their lives ; but what is that to me , provided i see you again ! smile , and pushed open the door above which were his arms , and which , as we have said , opened into the salon . astonishment . people she had around her the more she would have to work upon , and lord de winter would redouble his watch . ” replied monte cristo , “ all this is an affair between the french captain and the daughter of vasiliki . make a complete transformation in his appearance . shares , or bought those of danglars , looked upon themselves as ruined , and passed a very bad night .	98.45866394042969
, that my heart is less touched by him than any other ; that would be a <unk> ’ s reason , which i consider quite beneath me . that is the reason , ” said villefort , shrugging his shoulders . and the proof is that there were five of the cardinal ’ s guardsmen against my three musketeers and monsieur d ’ artagnan . ” , after all , a good companion ; i will not detain you , and will try to cure myself of my ambition . ” this proposal by shrugging his shoulders . the effect which might naturally be expected on mercédès ; she pressed her son ’ s hand and <unk> aloud , but her tears relieved her . ” said	82.96172332763672
d ’ artagnan to himself . him , not of his party , his resources . ” three times with her at madame de morcerf ’ s . studs which his majesty gave the queen . ” sprang forward . ! ” cried anne , when he had retired , stretching out her arm to the scarcely closed door , “ one day i will make you drink the dregs of the atrocious gall you have poured out on me to-day . ” i consider myself as brave as most men , but when i drew from my breast the little key of the staircase , which i had found in my <unk> little key we both used to cherish so much , which you wished to have	100.28207397460938
fastened to a golden <unk> i opened the door , and saw the pale moon shedding a long stream of white light on the spiral staircase like a spectre , i leaned against the wall , and nearly shrieked . large rough cape , which concealed his form and partly his face . because i committed the sacrilege of mounting en <unk> behind henry iv . a cemetery . ” place any reliance on that , madame ; <unk> drop of that elixir sufficed to recall life to a dying child , but three drops would have impelled the blood into his lungs in such a way as to have produced most violent <unk> ; six would have suspended his respiration , and caused <unk> more serious than	317.7369384765625
that in which he was ; ten would have destroyed him . was yours . whom ? ” cristo , drawing a small phial from his pocket , “ i have an infallible remedy . ” only to fall into the cavalcanti . ” thing for him . ” ; repeat what i have told you . of your debt ; acknowledge therein the receipt of the cash , and i will hand you over the money . ” , or i don ’ t know what love is . ” to avenge herself she must be free . d ’ artagnan , ” said aramis ; “ believe me , i am glad to see you . ” am <unk> . ” the king , “ what	51.85218811035156
shall we do ? ” he had spoken . her for an instant with an expression of the deepest tenderness , then , turning towards the notary , he significantly winked his eye in token of <unk> . beforehand of my coming . ” , ” the vehicle was the “ carriage , ” and the hôtel de londres was the “ <unk> ” the genius for <unk> characteristic of the race was in that phrase . soup , and you will dine with me . ” excellency will permit us to take all due precautions . ” athos was the eldest , and the least resembling him in appearance , in his tastes and sympathies . income is 500,000 francs . ” minutes more there ’ s	133.77932739257812
an end of us . ” ; farewell , gentlemen , ” said the count , <unk> . shall benefit by your advice this very evening . ” scene in “ l ’ <unk> ” then . being able to follow her ; she was like people who dream they are pursued , and who in vain try to walk . watch , and paced up and down with a countenance expressive of the greatest anguish . underneath these windows ? a moment , then took his sword and put on his cloak to go out . think this cousin pays her attentions ? ” , ” said franz , speaking in an undertone to albert , “ that if this person merited the high <unk> of our	124.89729309082031
landlord , he would have conveyed his invitation through another channel , and not permitted it to be brought to us in this <unk> way . him . are the servants ’ rooms , with bells corresponding with the different apartments . ” by mordaunt , and in five minutes they were quite away from that world of houses which then crowded the outskirts of london ; and mordaunt could discern the little vessel riding at anchor near the isle of dogs . to <unk> they should write to milady ’ s brother ; what they should write to the clever person at tours ; and which should be the lackeys to carry the letters . privileged man ! ” am to marry mademoiselle danglars , ” said	184.05809020996094
albert , laughing . reach the nearest seaport , unite our little resources , hire a vessel and return to france . ’ t keep any , ” was the reply of the people who opened the doors ; “ but please ask at the hay dealer ’ s . ” god will forgive me , since my crime is <unk> . ” it from him , but monte cristo perceiving his intention , seized his wrist with his iron grasp . , <unk> or four-and-twenty years old , mild , amiable , and well made ? ” kiosk that we were <unk> . d ’ artagnan , “ monseigneur knows very well that her majesty refuses him nothing . ” on the preceding evening , d ’	122.59381103515625
artagnan retired . trust nobody . ” on purpose to see him , if it is worth while . ’ well that i must call grimaud . ” , who are visiting the colosseum by <unk> . ” which was <unk> given him as one of the family , ascended the stairs , and introduced mme . he said to him , “ you saw a great number of people in the streets as you came here . . me to say . ” service , sir , ” replied the major . , it is the same . ” , ” said athos , “ i never speak without reflection . ” neck and glaring eyes , stood in an attitude ready to pounce upon morrel upon	60.36845779418945
the first occasion . such a night as this , pitch dark , when one does not see more than twenty yards before one ? ” monte cristo . one ’ s while to stoop , andrea , when that good m. monte cristo lets fall his purse . ” said he . ’ s servants , who had assembled in the kitchen , and had a long consultation , came to tell madame de villefort that they wished to leave . and take it , friend , ” said the gascon . lodging were a young couple who had been scarcely married a week ; and seeing them , dantès sighed heavily . of a man whom i not only detested , but <unk> a man capable	125.82838439941406
of anything , and who had already given me a fatal proof of what he was able to do . ” , added to the fatigue , caused andrea to sleep so soundly . , your excellency . ” effect to that which mordaunt had anticipated . is not a man . ” , while the rich magnificence of her attire drew all eyes upon her . at the door , renewing his promise to be with him the next morning at seven o ’ clock , and to bring emmanuel . and <unk> executed the customary <unk> ; robert duly challenged the prince of <unk> ; and the royal father of the princess <unk> , taking his daughter by the hand , swept round the stage with	115.33174896240234
majestic strides , the better to display the rich folds of his velvet robe and mantle . the famous room . in the world , but you don ’ t look in the right direction for them , my lord . ” caderousse was evidently a stranger to the south of france ; he was one of those merchants who come to sell jewellery at the beaucaire fair , and who during the month the fair lasts , and during which there is so great an <unk> of merchants and customers from all parts of europe , often have dealings to the amount of 100,000 to <unk> francs . the court , exclaimed that “ the queen was very happy to have the succor of religion at such	185.4913330078125
a <unk> ” this caused a universal burst of laughter . ” is . ” of <unk> land and valleys ; he is lord of the hill and the plain and is now carrying on a suit for his feudal rights against the bishop of noyon ! ” give you a letter of introduction to him . ’ . ” changed your mind , ” added morcerf , “ or have you only provoked my request that you may have the pleasure of seeing me humbled ? ” escape . ” praying. ” the scrutinizing glance of the count searched the young man from head to foot . moved , pressed him also closely to him , whilst tears stood in his eyes . french justice of which	159.0199737548828
i had heard so much , and which feared nothing , and i went to the king ’ s attorney . ” in proportion as he did so , d ’ artagnan saw that he became pale . velvet , trimmed with silk of the same color . the expression of the queen ’ s face that she was about to issue some violent command . young men made no attempt at resistance , but blindly and <unk> surrendered themselves into the care and custody of their conductors . must trust in god . ” again , rather than betray you , i would allow myself to be <unk> in pieces ! ” started off to the palais royal , where he arrived at the moment of the	90.35746765136719
turning out of the regiment of guards ; and as he had only gone there for the enjoyment of seeing it and hearing the music , he took his place at their head , beating the drum on two pieces of slate and passing from that exercise to that of the trumpet , which he counterfeited quite naturally with his mouth in a manner which had more than once called forth the praises of amateurs of imitative harmony . not worth while . ” take it in that sense , ” said caderousse , “ it is another thing . still beautiful . ” pardon to the vizier ali , and not only gives him his life , but restores to him his fortune and his <unk> ’	161.48382568359375
my mother uttered a cry of joy , and clasped me to her bosom . in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties . be a worthy gentleman , a bold <unk> , an intrepid <unk> , enterprising with women , but by no means remarkable for his skill in intrigues . ” , a hackney-coach was standing in the middle of the <unk> strange sight before so noble a mansion ; the count looked at it with terror , but without daring to inquire its meaning , he rushed towards his apartment . his hands and thought of the world , so beautiful when one is about to leave it ; of the caresses of children , so pleasing and so sweet , especially	178.9937286376953
when one is parting from his children never to see them again ; then of his wife , the noble and courageous woman who had sustained him to the last moment . each other , shook hands , and saluted his eminence . know that it is not i who caused you to be written to . ” ” mazarin continued , whilst his wonted smile , full of subtlety , lent a strange expression to his pale lips ; “ yes , these noises prove to me , indeed , that the destiny of favorites is precarious ; but ye shall know i am no ordinary favorite . ” the count added , turning to franz , “ here is luigi vampa , who will himself express	160.1848907470703
to you his deep regret at the mistake he has committed . ” the frock with such an ill grace that it was easy to perceive they belonged to the church <unk> ; women a little inconvenienced by their costume as pages and whose large trousers could not entirely conceal their rounded forms ; and peasants with blackened hands but with fine limbs , <unk> of the man of quality a league off . at a single draught , and then turned on her pillow , repeating , <unk> , as , i think , m. <unk> says , and i will not retard its course , or disturb its calm . open or even ajar , i should think nothing of it ; but , <unk> was	238.0971221923828
hermetically sealed . moment . brought mine with me , ” replied albert . of his old clothes and <unk> cloaks for mousqueton , and thanks to a very intelligent tailor , who made his clothes look as good as new by turning them , and whose wife was suspected of wishing to make porthos descend from his aristocratic habits , mousqueton made a very good figure when attending on his master . one of them to break it first , and as d ’ artagnan appeared determined to leave that honor to his companion , aramis said , “ you see that i am returned to my <unk> ideas . ” at once protestant and <unk> by conviction and catholic as commander of the order of the	151.639404296875
holy ghost ; bassompierre , who was a german by birth and a frenchman at <unk> short , bassompierre , who had a distinguished command at the siege of la rochelle , said , in charging at the head of several other protestant nobles like himself , “ you will see , gentlemen , that we shall be fools enough to take la rochelle . ” , then , madame ? ” inquired the count ; “ very young , i presume ? ” who was at the door , perceived his hesitation . me what you have done for the queen ? ” ? ” said valentine . , ” continued lord de winter , “ you will remain in this castle . surrounded with unknown dangers	79.67029571533203
into which i was about to fall at every instant . of your <unk> ; and i foresee plainly that if we don ’ t kill each other , i shall hereafter have much pleasure in your conversation . do you expect to find with me at this hour ? ” count , i heard it ; and the doctor added that if another death occurred in a similar way he must appeal to justice . ” , aramis said : matter of royal etiquette this evening , but of the king ’ s safety . time before them , on the horizon , a rather thick wood ; and when they had arrived at a distance of a hundred steps from it , monsieur d ’ arminges	92.68580627441406
took his usual precautions and sent on in advance the count ’ s two grooms . arrested , had me conducted hither , and placed me under your guard . ” . ” the treasures in the world , or all the kings of the earth ! . upon her bosom , “ my heart beats so i can not walk . ” die of hunger , ” said the patron . athos ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . o ’ clock at st . of lemonade was standing just by his side ; poor barrois was very thirsty , and was thankful to drink anything he could find . ” i think i shall make up my mind to set out for béthune , where my	93.85655212402344
sister has placed our little servant in the convent of the carmelites ; this poor child is quite resigned , as she knows she can not live elsewhere without the salvation of her soul being in danger . exclamation appears quite theatrical and affected . he to the young man , who since the death of buckingham had regained that coolness and self-possession which never after abandoned him , “ wretch ! your departure , and never despair of us . left . ” the envelope of the letter . cheering words . demonstration , and you would make everyone vow to live a single life . ” had come for him to take the upper hand . least fifty thousand francs . ” : this was not	153.41795349121094
all . , enter it , my dear d ’ épinay , for you will soon be numbered as one of the family . in the midst of the most profound silence ; the jury took their seats ; m. de villefort , the object of unusual attention , and we had almost said of general admiration , sat in the armchair and cast a tranquil glance around him . who told you something which made you angry ? the countess ; she took it , or rather just touched it with her little hand , and they together descended the steps , lined with rhododendrons and camellias . stopped at the first tavern and made each horse swallow a double quantity of corn steeped in wine ;	161.70928955078125
they gave them three hours ’ rest and then set off again . the better , ” said the supercargo ; “ for it is not pleasant to think that a comrade has not done his duty . ” question <unk> me , valentine , for i can not say that the count has rendered me any ostensible service . better life than i lead now ; but monsieur mazarin is a mean wretch , who won ’ t <unk> himself of his diamond in my favor . ” the harbor like a bird and the next morning franz disembarked at porto-ferrajo . palais-cardinal before richelieu gave it to the king . to our present manners , something like an infamous action ; but at that period people	162.63995361328125
did not manage affairs as they do today . ? ” answered d ’ artagnan , but little convinced , as he knew better than anyone else how entirely personal the value of this letter was , and saw nothing in it likely to tempt cupidity . the count of monte cristo ? ” continued the false abbé . cried albert ; “ they will pass as slowly as three centuries when i am all the time suffering dishonor . ” fourth day of the journey athos and aramis reached <unk> , which place they cautiously passed by on the outskirts , fearing that they might encounter some troop from the queen ’ s army . that went to the holy land took for their arms either a	157.982421875
cross , in honor of their mission , or birds of passage , in sign of the long voyage they were about to undertake , and which they hoped to accomplish on the wings of faith . ? awake , madame , ” he said ; “ then i have nothing more to do here . for the key of the room on the fifth floor , enter the apartment , take from the corner of the mantelpiece a purse netted in red silk , and give it to your father . , consequently i know nothing of your dinner . ” felton ; “ we are here . ” ” he resumed , “ you are welcome , my dear friend ; you will help me to	67.81439208984375
recover my spirits ; to-morrow we will hunt the hare on my plain , which is a superb <unk> of land , or pursue the <unk> in my woods , which are magnificent . ” cried albert , “ you must have been a very entertaining companion alone , or all but alone , with a beautiful woman in such a place of sentiment as the colosseum , and yet to find nothing better to talk about than the dead ! to save such villains as you i will become an <unk> of their plot , an accomplice in their crimes ? ” the shoulder . ” franz . to the spot , astounded and not knowing what to think . that , in the eyes of the	132.02317810058594
young man , valentine did not suffer by the contrast . <unk> ” set the fuse myself , but be careful to conceal your face , so that you can not be recognized by them . ” the commissary , with an air of doubt . count is his father . the young man , who detached himself from the wall like a statue walking from its niche , and at the noise of the steps which she heard resound behind her , mme . heart , be blessed for all the good thou hast done and wilt do hereafter , and let my gratitude remain in obscurity like your good deeds . ” yourself , ” said he to franz , “ with the employment of time	124.26475524902344
and the means of simplifying the summoning your servants ? his own carriage . a bonapartist agent . ” who has concluded this infamous bargain ? ” god when he is striking you dead ? profound attention ; he had expected this declaration for the last two or three days , and when at last it came his eyes glistened as much as they had lowered on listening to morcerf . who in this way never depart from me ; the one who gave me being , and the other who conferred knowledge and intelligence on me . asked athos . becoming mad . ” very well off here . aramis , parodying jussac , “ it would afford us great pleasure to obey your polite invitation if	182.6732177734375
it depended upon ourselves ; but unfortunately the thing is <unk> de tréville has forbidden it . are better than <unk> the executioner of bethune , my uncle and king charles . loaf . , ” said groslow , “ they can ’ t be gone far , and we will sink them , passing over them . ” on shore , a cord creaked as it ran through a <unk> , and dantès guessed they were at the end of the voyage , and that they were <unk> the boat . choir the body of the victim , clothed in her novitiate dress , was exposed . ’ s eye ran through the room . said , “ there is the stone upon which i used to	113.48220825195312
sit ; there is the impression made by my shoulders on the wall ; there is the mark of my blood made when one day i dashed my head against the wall . mass . rendered it impossible for you to weep ? curiosity , for she had not yet related what he most desired to know , —how she had become the slave of the count . party . must part , ” said the count , holding out a hand to each of the young men , “ allow me to wish you both a safe and pleasant journey . ” you pay for it , books , and leave to walk about . ” risen at the close of the scene with albert , again	118.56243896484375
fell , and a rap was heard at the door . to the door , ” added morrel . although the wealth of his family had passed into a proverb , and i heard the phrase very often , ‘ as rich as a <unk> ’ but he , like public rumor , lived on this reputation for wealth ; his palace was my paradise . nothing , though i had made a hole twice as large as the first . me ; i am bored , amuse me . ” was a friend of mine , i did not know him , and i had nothing to ask of him . ” apology . words , seemed to gulp down something . ” , she thought she	113.92353820800781
recognized the french officer who had been sent to constantinople , and in whom my father placed so much confidence ; for he knew that all the soldiers of the french emperor were naturally noble and generous . , mazarin was for some minutes lost in thought . do you not see i have no time to lose ? ” against the bottom of the ladder . ” this , in heaven ’ s name ! ” he said , “ or i shall leave my carcass here and those of all my men . ” rejoined the priest . , these tears from royalty melted his heart . enemy to contend with , and contributions to be <unk> . dessert , upon a sign from d ’	106.70904541015625
artagnan , porthos had sent away his servants and the two friends were alone : impression on me ; i shall never forget his countenance ! ” apologized to the count of monte cristo . and in an hour afterwards , as the count had said , was scarcely <unk> in the horizon amidst the <unk> of the night . ? ” he uttered no cry nor called for assistance . was melancholy . night ? ” asked beauchamp of château-renaud ; “ we appear to make a very sorry figure here . ” oh , my god , ” said he , with his eyes raised to heaven , “ as much for thy honor as for mine . he , “ but you had another subject	70.3036880493164
for your thoughts ; did you not say so just now ? ” some uneasiness , which , momentarily increasing , caused his mind , instead of being as <unk> as it was when he began his journey , to fill with ideas which were very likely to keep a traveller awake , more especially one in such a situation as danglars . sooner had the doctor left the room , than he was again absorbed in work . the money that he and porthos had lost and buried it in his huge pocket . his <unk> fortune ? , and i only regret that there does not exist another like her , about twenty years younger ; in that case , i assure you , there would	175.04295349121094
very soon be a countess and <unk> of morcerf . athos rise , did likewise , took his arm , and went out . albert , “ it is exquisite ; it is impossible to understand the music of his country better than prince cavalcanti does . accordance with paragraph 1.f.3 , a full refund of any money paid for a work or a replacement copy , if a defect in the electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of receipt of the work . duke , so much the better , ” said the king , advancing toward the door . be left alone . ” said caderousse , putting the diamond on his little finger ; “ i was mistaken ; but	137.6486053466797
those thieves of jewellers imitate so well that it is no longer worthwhile to rob a jeweller ’ s <unk> is another branch of industry paralyzed . ” “ listen , morrel , i see your grief is great , but still you do not like to risk your <unk> ” morrel smiled sadly . first lover and accomplice of the fair lady . persons who will go and <unk> thrust a knife in the heart of a <unk> , or will administer to him , in order to remove him from the surface of the globe on which we move with life and animation , that quantity of arsenic of which we just now talked . d ’ artagnan , beside himself with joy . me ,	155.35057067871094
” continued she , pressing with her stiffened hands the two arms of her easy chair , and raising herself upon her wrists . to what i say in this my dying moment . successive attacks , at intervals of some minutes , each one more serious than the former . ? ” , during which monte cristo gazed intently on the picture . my guardsmen , and search the two houses thoroughly . ” monte cristo ; “ since , as i told you before , i do not wish to comprehend it . and dared not throw myself into the river . procurator , accompanied by a smile from mme . ” said porthos ; “ jump in . ” athos ; “ don ’ t	105.67460632324219
let us drink wine which comes from an unknown source . ” wait , for the queen scarcely remained a quarter of an hour with mazarin , but this quarter of an hour of expectation appeared a century to him . man placed between two dangerous positions , and who is rendered brave by fear . shall sacrifice myself and go and see anne of austria . ” , ” said he ; “ all danger is over. ” the woman looked up at these words , and , with a glance far more expressive than any entreaties could have been , pointed to her child , who still continued insensible . would be quite another thing . reduce this rebellious city to ashes . you think of	164.7389373779297
this , my fine fellow ? ” asked debray of the sergeant-at-arms , slipping a louis into his hand . room , <unk> so many guilty creatures have departed , trembling and ashamed , when i look at that chair before which i now sit trembling and ashamed , —oh , it requires all my reason to convince me that i am not a very guilty woman and you a menacing judge . ” . sadly . madame : that you should appear to have reflected , and publicly acknowledge an error , which constitutes the extra strength of a strong government ; release broussel from prison and give him back to the people . ” your excellency ? ” murmured the young man , “ too late	187.70944213867188
! ” the death of the body i regret ; for is not the destruction of the vital principle , the repose to which everything is tending , to which every unhappy being aspires , —is not this the repose of matter after which i so long sighed , and which i was seeking to attain by the painful process of starvation when faria appeared in my dungeon ? franz , “ this chief is very polite , and i see no <unk> more so as i bring my share of the supper . ” take him back with you into the world . the jailer , “ are you more reasonable today ? ” dantès made no reply . , then , did she die ? ”	183.73312377929688
asked debray . editions not protected by u.s. copyright law means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works , so the foundation ( and you ! ) for the reception of felton , was able to erect her <unk> for the next day . door was open , and having no occasion to ring he entered . mighty <unk> of <unk> watchword with which they assassinated , hanged , and made away with <unk> ; and if i gave them their way they would assassinate , hang , and make away with me in the same manner , although they have nothing to complain of except a tax or two now and then . to my father , though i am not the less	193.03826904296875
grateful for the honor you have done me . ” the newcomer , “ you are , as i am , in search of a woman who , ” added he , with a terrible smile , “ must have passed this way , for i see a corpse . ” , and the formalities were resumed . my dear friend—— ” anyone ’ s interest ? ” examined the paper attentively , put it into his pocket , and continued eating his peas . what they wished and why they had taken that position . ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ i see fresh tracks ; ’ tis not a quarter of an hour since they passed this place . ” valentine , “ i see	70.33296203613281
that i have given you pain . i will . ” , “ do you think so ? ” one of your sailors caught hold of my hair . ” . julie , “ go and inform m. emmanuel of this gentleman ’ s visit , and maximilian will conduct him to the salon . ” alarmed on her account . beauchamp , “ let them now say that drama is unnatural ! ” ” d ’ artagnan . ” dismount , but it was too late ; i descended into the arms of the archers . strong inclination to embrace planchet as he had embraced him on his departure ; but he feared lest this mark of affection , bestowed upon his lackey in the open street	93.79212951660156
, might appear extraordinary to passers-by , and he restrained himself . he said , “ will you permit me to <unk> a few words on that subject , which will perhaps relieve you of your uncertainty ? ” the reply , in a low voice . the night before , the bishop got into his carriage , and the former , more disguised by his pallor and sad countenance than his <unk> ’ s dress , got in by his side . for algiers , on board of which the bustle usually attending departure prevailed . who had arms to lend to those who had none . it is the axe , not the man , we must thank . ” i am at home there .	121.7958984375
” ? ” one yonder of a gascon look . are not the king ; you are my uncle . ” count would speak to her , while on his side the count thought she was about to address him ; but both remained silent , and after a mere bow , monte cristo directed his steps to albert , who received him cordially . s justice , instead of his anger , which is walking through that house , maximilian , turn away your face and let his justice accomplish its purpose . ” what the axe had failed to do . that you will never tell anyone that i have granted the interview . ” recollection of your country ? ” caught the next soldier by	103.88493347167969
his neck , gagged him and pushed him like a <unk> through the bars into the room , and entered after him . his boot with his flexible cane . flattery and coarseness of this address , madame danglars could not forbear gazing with considerable interest on a man capable of <unk> six millions in twelve months , and who had selected paris for the scene of his princely <unk> . antipathy . ” that is settled ; but you will come and call on my mother before tomorrow ? ” ! ” said athos ; “ and now take this . by which you swear ? ” asked mazarin , smiling . fellow troubling himself about ? ” cried the cavalier whom milady had designated as her	138.8351287841797
brother , stooping down to the height of the coach window . my dear aramis , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ your philosophy convinces me , on my honor . in theology i should recollect what it was he used to dispute about with the curate of montdidier and the superior of the jesuits , when we were at crevecoeur ; i should know what <unk> he <unk> to and i should <unk> from that what saint he has adopted as his patron . nothing , now that i no longer entertain the slightest hopes , the end of this adventure becomes simply a matter of <unk> ” and he remained again motionless and thoughtful . effected mechanically , as far as he was concerned .	138.32394409179688
moment the countess perceived albert , and returned his salutation with a smile . ? ” athos , “ we foresaw this ; and if lord winter ’ s men but do their duty , we are saved , instead of lost . ” done the evening before , she fell on her knees and repeated her prayers aloud . ” said the count , “ your invitation is most gracious , and i regret exceedingly that it is not in my power to accept it . robe have no age , ” replied the monk , dryly . we shall do you honor in our dying . up ? ” precise . ” for that very evening ; but we are bound to say , to the	87.78977966308594
credit of our hero , that the bad opinion entertained by m. de tréville of women in general , did not inspire him with the least suspicion of his pretty hostess . cristo told you to write to yanina ? ” man overflowed with joy . france , my dear father , i hope you will put me in possession of the documents which will be necessary to prove my descent . ” door to <unk> to visitors this monument of curiosity , once a scene of terror . ? ” inquired grimaud . the death-bed of my mother , and certainly i have not been less happy on that account . ” ” continued debray , first opening the closet , then the chest ; — “	102.04417419433594
now , madame , here are <unk> notes of 1,000 francs each , resembling , as you see , a large book bound in iron ; to this i add a certificate in the funds of 25,000 francs ; then , for the odd cash , making i think about <unk> francs , here is a check upon my banker , who , not being m. danglars , will pay you the amount , you may rest assured . ” angry with me , madame ; you sent me away . ” , heard the adventures of m. zaccone ’ s youth ? ” monsieur d ’ herblay can procure the key , is the best that we can have , ” was the answer . the general	155.305908203125
, on whom they thought to have relied as on a brother , manifested evidently signs of discontent and repugnance . ” replied aramis . every one knows , asparagus takes four years in coming to perfection , this civility infuriated monsieur de beaufort . therefore , monseigneur , that i should be informed as to the intentions of france . , i should be <unk> if you were to leave vincennes . ” thou do as thou didst to the first man ? ” said porthos . , you are for us . not much to complain of ; bourges is the capital of charles vii . air of heaven , and saw each other . morcerf , “ but that will plunge my mother into positive	138.35350036621094
grief . ” , with long curls falling in profusion over her shoulders , had large , blue , languishing eyes , rosy lips , and hands of alabaster . , ” said debray , “ she is no doubt occupied in <unk> balm for the hospitals , or in making <unk> for herself or friends . comminges he rejoined d ’ artagnan , who instantly put himself at the head of his troop , followed by the cardinal , guitant and the rest of the escort . ? ” the cemetery and laid him in a grave , he would allow himself to be covered with earth , and then , as it was night , the grave-diggers could scarcely have turned their backs before he would	126.46822357177734
have worked his way through the yielding soil and escaped . reflected that for a lad of intelligence and experience he was in a singular predicament , since he was proceeding toward uncertainty and leaving certainty behind him . franz . sir , if you please ; but you know that god , who loves martyrs , sometimes permits the innocent to be condemned . ” executioners were struggling on the ground , and he kept exclaiming , “ he ought to die ! —he shall die ! —i will not die alone ! ” leave first ; then , after half an hour , you can go away in your turn . ” intended witnessing an execution , but i have never been able to make up	175.5911865234375
my mind ; and you , albert ? ” would be withheld because you are the wife of him who <unk> it ? —no , madame , no ; the scaffold awaits the poisoner , whoever she may be , unless , as i just said , the poisoner has taken the precaution of keeping for herself a few drops of her deadliest poison . ” ? he is ; as you see , his shutter is closed , and you can see no light shine through the chinks of the shutters . ” monte cristo , “ i wish to take one final glance around this room . ” , too ? ” he exclaimed . in the recollection of those who <unk> his history ; his	104.73561096191406
terrible story is recited in the <unk> , and a shudder is felt at the description of his transit through the air to be swallowed by the <unk> ” then , the count added aloud , “ was his name ever known ? ” i hear from her majesty the queen of england ? and fancied he saw an old man stretched on a pallet ; he , also , was dying of hunger . word , my lord . ” with abundance of prayers offered up by the monks . ” replied monte cristo with a smile , “ i do not arrogate to myself the right of so doing . ” have , reverend sir ! ” said caderousse , <unk> his arm , all <unk>	101.13082885742188
by the fleshy pincers which had held it ; “ what a wrist ! ” , they are not ! ” for an hour past had been gnawing his nails with impatience , was beginning to attack the quick . continued the king , with some <unk> ; “ the police think that they have disposed of the whole matter when they say , ‘ a murder has been committed , ’ and especially so when they can add , ‘ and we are on the track of the guilty persons . ’ ” now ’ s the time . ” the wrong there ; for if you knew my name , perhaps you would not be so pressing . ” only sought to increase your own ,	130.35353088378906
and i am convinced that you have succeeded . loved him . ” catholics , i believe ? ” will have the presumption to set it to <unk> would be to accuse her majesty , queen anne , of falsehood . ” , and she remembers , for she alone recognized you when she saw you , and even before she saw you , by your voice , edmond , —by the simple sound of your voice ; and from that moment she has followed your steps , watched you , feared you , and she needs not to inquire what hand has dealt the blow which now strikes m. de morcerf . ” unfortunate greek left under my care . ” he said , “ this is	159.2946319580078
the marechal de la meilleraie , as to whose intentions you have been deceived and who pledges himself , on returning to the louvre , to demand of the queen , in your name , our broussel ’ s release . , and became too intoxicated to fetch any more drink , and yet not so intoxicated as to forget what had happened . , the question of the five <unk> to be settled . promise to bring him that letter on the following morning . the committee of inquiry into the conduct of the lieutenant-general the count of morcerf in epirus and in macedonia with important particulars . ’ such as i am , a person sentenced to be hung . ” sin to bore through a	157.43435668945312
wall , or destroy a staircase ; but i can not so easily persuade myself to pierce a heart or take away a life . ” quickly or more <unk> a journey than a thought which <unk> in itself all the faculties of the organization of him who thinks . april , 1498 , be ... <unk> invited to dine by his holiness alexander <unk> , and fearing that not ... content with making me pay for my hat , he may desire to become my heir , and re ... serves for me the fate of cardinals caprara and bentivoglio , who were poisoned , ... i declare to my nephew , <unk> spada , my sole heir , that i have <unk> ... <unk> in a	266.9608154296875
place he knows and has visited with me , that is , in ... the caves of the small island of monte cristo , all i poss ... essed of ingots , gold , money , jewels , diamonds , gems ; that i alone ... know of the existence of this treasure , which may amount to nearly two mil ... lions of roman crowns , and which he will find on raising the twentieth ro ... ck from the small creek to the east in a right line . feet more from the top down here , and the grass is soft . ” ” interrupted monte cristo ; “ but lord wilmore did not <unk> to inform me , my dear m. andrea , that	224.52577209472656
the season of your youth was rather a stormy one . a yard broad ; in short , it seems to me that nature herself wears a holiday garb , and that the trees , instead of leaves and flowers , are covered with red and green ribbons as on gala days . ” side of the moat , buried his face in his hands and reflected . s good , ” said albert , with a gloomy tone . barthois , ” added porthos . you , your excellency ? ” cried bertuccio . that mysterious country called death ! agreement . little distance from them , timidly awaiting the moment when she should be obliged to speak . , my lord ; i merely await your	138.36463928222656
commands . ” , for the love of heaven , save me ! ” cried he . perhaps , franz had never before experienced so sudden an impression , so rapid a transition from gayety to sadness , as in this moment . the state of your health . ” age of forty-six . afterward the <unk> of this craft took them all aboard . and you returned it ; that ’ s like good neighbors , and we are quits . ” bankruptcy ! ” exclaimed m. de boville despairingly . a thing that i can ’ t perform at any time i choose . the banker ; “ i have appeared rather ridiculous since that affair of benedetto , so i remain in the background .	146.88735961914062
” , he saw cardinal spada ’ s letter written on the wall in characters of <unk> he slept for a moment the <unk> dreams haunted his brain . he was not . men born with a pen behind the ear , and an <unk> in place of a heart . all the guests , “ you have not eaten for four-and-twenty hours ? ” the emerald made them naturally incline to the former belief . speak thus , ” said the abbé ; “ and perhaps i may , in my own person , be able to prove to you how completely you are in error . ” go ? ” asked porthos . to ask me ? ” said vampa with a smile . , he	97.03916931152344
seemed still to be in a dream . fere ! ” he cried in his turn . athos and aramis to stand on each side of the door and clap their hands if they catch him . of athos , d ’ artagnan chose a moment when the ship rolled backward , so that he had only to plunge into the water , which was already up to his waist . madame de saint-méran within his own , and conducted her to his apartment . the cardinal : a man . ” had the room been empty , but unfortunately it was occupied . said monte cristo . , ” said a voice which the prisoner recognized as that of felton . . ” then take nothing more	76.74720764160156
tonight . ” replace the comte de la fere . ” , indeed . . ” sire , who have now incurred hers . hate the court and have but one desire at this <unk> . write to yanina . ” athos , “ don ’ t you hear monsieur de busigny , who does you the honor to ask you a question ? humbly—for all were now convinced that they had to do with someone more powerful than <unk> athos the post of speaker . to walk in those woods . ” hour . you wish me to do ? column , and might witness the whole of the terrible scene which was about to take place . as it may , the young man made a	74.7029037475586
tunnel , how or by what means no one knows ; but he made it , and there is the evidence yet remaining of his work . ” he murmured ; “ oh , god ! chapter x . and i can see you as you then were ; i open them again , and i see what you are <unk> hundred times more beautiful ! ” ; aramis is mildness and grace personified . hoped . ” twenty men , or rather twenty mad devils , were fighting . ” saint-méran only last year at marseilles , when i was coming back from algiers , ” said château-renaud ; “ she looked like a woman destined to live to be a hundred years old , from her	155.07923889160156
apparent sound health and great activity of mind and body . hear , bowed to his mother , and quitted her . small my friend , ” replied the abbé . , he contented himself with calling the woman who waited on milady , and when she was come , he recommended the prisoner , who was still fainting , to her care , and left them alone . ask me anything . ” obeying him like a child , hated him as a child hates his master , and would abandon him to the personal vengeance of monsieur and the queen . standing among the rocks , apparently awaiting a sign from them to advance , and pointed him out to valentine . another vision appeared .	129.46096801757812
. ” replied mercédès , with her eloquent glance ; “ you are right , my love ; let us prove to those who are watching our actions that we are worthy of compassion . ” ball he danced once with eugénie , and m. cavalcanti three times , and he took no notice of it . ” the notary , “ you are aware that the law does not allow a son to be entirely deprived of his patrimony ? ” our project ? ” the abbé calmly , as he replaced the jewel and its case in the pocket of his cassock , “ it is your fault , not mine , that i do so . for the dogs , ” said monte cristo .	88.71299743652344
to allow him even time to reflect on any thought but one . century set out that evening for tours , was waiting in the next chamber . , he returned to the room he had just left . to carry on the siege , without having , at least at the present , anything to fear on the part of the english . his family was still called in gascony , or m. de tréville , as he has ended by styling himself in paris , had really commenced life as d ’ artagnan now did ; that is to say , without a sou in his pocket , but with a fund of audacity , shrewdness , and intelligence which makes the <unk> gascon gentleman often	128.7331085205078
derive more in his hope from the paternal inheritance than the richest <unk> or <unk> gentleman derives in reality from his . tréville ’ s was as gay and cheerful as possible . breakfast , did you not ? to defend the king ? ” ” said dantès , “ what shall you teach me first ? , monsieur , ’ i replied ; ‘ he has perished by the poniard . ’ ” said athos . been poisoned , ” said d ’ avrigny , “ and i will maintain this assertion before god and man . ” athos . ” said felton , after having looked at milady from the spot on which he stood without moving a step toward her . d ’ avrigny ,	88.07540130615234
” cried she , in a stifled voice . . was obliged to believe this fatal intelligence ; laporte , detained in england , as everyone else had been , by the orders of charles i. , arrived , and was the bearer of the duke ’ s dying gift to the queen . athos , “ don ’ t fire ! ” d ’ artagnan , taking the man for a thief and seizing his sword . to utter an exclamation of surprise when the other made to him a sign of silence . your power as great with the <unk> as monsieur le curé told me it was just now ? ” are not now inquiring into his creed , but his actions ; in the	96.0408935546875
name of the prefect of police , i ask you what you know of him . about to reply , when a blow , similar to that of a mallet falling on the head of an ox , was heard . de chatillon . all were in their places , and m. de morcerf entered at the last stroke . athos had educated him with the express forethought of such a great event . the ministers and he came before them pale and trembling , declaring that his son had very nearly been assassinated the day before , near the palace . ” replied monte cristo , “ that is merely because your father and myself are the only men who have ever talked to you . ”	103.02823638916016
will be away from this place ; your life , madame , will then no longer be under my care , and , ” added he , with a sigh , “ then you can do what you will with it . ” in its pocket . monte cristo must be a nabob ? ” . ” either rope ladders or <unk> now . ” monsieur will see . ” selfishness , caderousse readily perceived the solidity of this mode of reasoning ; he gazed , doubtfully , <unk> , on danglars , and then caution supplanted generosity . . ” , ” continued athos , “ that you attach so much importance to these animals , for i am not yet at the end of my story	101.87576293945312
. ” produced and distributed project gutenberg™ ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support . further reply ; her mind was utterly absorbed in the contemplation of the person who , from the first instant she saw him , had made so powerful an impression on her . ” replied aramis , “ who however , does not handle the axe amiss . ” i placed grimaud at the other exit , and here i am . hold in check the mob ; go , and lose not a moment . contemplation , during which his face became pale and his hair seemed to stand on end , he sprang towards the door , crying out : them , though , ” said monte cristo .	162.79885864257812
lord winter . ” valentine , how has it all been effected ? letter in which you <unk> for liberty , monsieur de rochefort . he ? ” s right ! ” to know danger in order to fear it ; indeed , it may be observed , that it is usually unknown perils that inspire the greatest terror . , young man , struggle ardently and <unk> ; live , yourself , your mother and sister , with the most rigid economy , so that from day to day the property of those whom i leave in your hands may augment and <unk> . there was no darkness . s a bench here . sir , i have ten ; nor is it to the camp i	148.06602478027344
wish to go . ” from your lips than another ’ s . ” , that from that moment he shut himself in his house , and never went out <unk> , seeking me high and low . mousqueton , “ parry kept it . d ’ artagnan , who did not wish to undeceive porthos , “ aramis , fancy , has become a monk and a jesuit , and lives like a bear . with him , madame ? ” a dog let loose in the yard at night , but it has been taken to the house at auteuil , to that you went to , you know . ” for him , cardinal , ” said the queen ; “ he is a child	79.28789520263672
, not yet able to understand his obligations to you . ” my income . ” will not torment you much , but only on condition that you become a frondist , my young friend , and a hearty frondist , too . ” times , restrained by the limits of mere probability , have neither courage nor desire . the cardinal , “ you see monsieur d ’ artagnan . some one is coming here ? ” better , ” said danglars . succor of the english fleet will never even arrive in sight of the place . armchairs , adorned with a carved shield , on which were engraved the <unk> of france on an azure field , evidently came from the louvre , or ,	125.30872344970703
at least , some royal residence . eyes blindfolded , and was waited on by mutes and by women to whom cleopatra was a painted strumpet . as if <unk> confession weighs on my mind . ” the sheath at his belt was empty . liberty , ” continued the minister ; “ will you take it ? heard , so he redoubled his blows . 100,000 francs for a fowl ! ” the quarter in which aramis lived , he took it into his head to pay his friend a visit in order to explain the motives which had led him to send planchet with a request that he would come instantly to the mousetrap . at torlonia ’ s with the countess <unk> ” then he	157.8384552001953
drew his watch from his pocket , that he might see how time sped . fellow reached the end of all he had ; he owed three quarters ’ rent , and they threatened to turn him out ; he begged for another week , which was granted to him . . where is he ? has been drained by me to the very dregs , and i feel that the grave is not far distant . will only cross the river in case of danger . ” he was said to possess 50,000 livres per annum ; and his father ’ s immense riches , buried in the <unk> of saravezza , were a constant theme . has gone again ; the true one , as you	169.60366821289062
say . ” ; i have not so much as you have , since i do not fly as you do . certainly fine , so fine that they are superhuman . ” sovereign with every mark of profound respect , and having fallen on his knees presented to her the cardinal ’ s letter , and speaking candidly , ours hangs by a thread . ” at this strange man , whose brilliant courage made him the equal of the bravest , and who was , by his fine and quick intelligence , the equal of the most astute . may not take advantage of this rendezvous to seize us ? ” countess , advancing with the majesty of a queen , “ i owe to you	112.49566650390625
the life of my son , and for this i bless you . disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages . me to mourn for you eternally in the secret recesses of my heart ? <unk> to make a woman of thirty-nine look like a woman of fifty . honor of informing your eminence that these men were drunk . ” you ’ ll be shut up again in the bastile . ” signal : ‘ jesus seigneur ! ’ ” and he went out as he came in , whistling the <unk> air . found morrel seated at a table , turning over the formidable columns of his ledger , which contained the list of his liabilities . so	200.6158905029297
<unk> by d ’ artagnan the elder served as an object of ridicule to the musketeers of tréville , who cracked their jokes upon his <unk> legs and his <unk> back . speak of a sum i am in the habit of carrying in my pocket-book or <unk> . ” his right hand , danglars at his left ; while , at a sign from edmond , the rest of the company ranged themselves as they found it most agreeable . same . to set out ? ” a <unk> ; a horse <unk> and breaks his knees to the bone ; a horse eats out of a manger in which a <unk> horse has eaten . it again , he was struck by the presence of a	132.06724548339844
man who was standing at the open door and was gazing at him with a compassionate air . ” replied debray . rendezvous , had encountered there the adversary indicated , whose name he had never known , had given him a pretty <unk> on the arm , then had gone toward aramis , who at the same time came to meet him , having already finished his affair . repeated ; “ ah , yes , i am , indeed , deserted ! , ” said the brigadier , “ the brigand must really have escaped early this morning ; but we will send to the <unk> and noyon roads , and search the forest , when we shall catch him , no doubt . ” the	84.32127380371094
shares of that company ; as you had foreseen , the shares trebled in value , and i picked up a million , from which 250,000 francs were paid to you for <unk> . with seventy-five pistoles in his pocket . ” you <unk> last night , my young master ? of the cardinal , for he sends you hither , and <unk> ” danglars , “ in the <unk> believe i have it about me ” <unk> he felt in his <unk> “ yes , here it is . that is indispensable . gestures . ” he said . countenance there was more to fear than i had thought . is this letter , and you see—— ” villefort approached the fire , cast it in ,	130.46011352539062
and waited until it was entirely consumed . a prisoner has to pierce a wall , detach bars , cut through a <unk> undertakings which a patient and strong man may accomplish , but before which the feverish <unk> of a woman must give way . really impossible to learn secrets which that man concealed from all the world . ” the air of liberty ! approached the count , and presented the letter . fifteen abreast , galloped up the corso in order to clear it for the <unk> . an energy which made the count shudder . a letter of introduction addressed to me , are you not ? ” said the count . accustomed him to that . ” the count ; “ i was	138.62490844726562
forced to go out of my road to obtain some information near nîmes , so that i was somewhat late , and therefore i did not choose to stop . ” to keep your word ; i have reached my destination . ” curious to know what the mendicant could want with his master , kept pace with him as well as he could , and arrived almost at the same time he did ; but his quickness was not of much use to him . impossible to learn ; the despatch simply stated the fact of the landing and the route taken by the usurper . ” at this very moment extremely uneasy as to the state of affairs ; that his orders are not respected like	133.6820068359375
those of our former <unk> , the deceased cardinal , whose portrait as you see hangs <unk> whatever may be thought of him , it must be allowed that richelieu was great . ” me immediately , if he has returned . ” of his , ” said danglars , shrugging his shoulders . her husband ’ s absence to push open the door of her daughter ’ s study , and m. andrea , who was sitting before the piano with mademoiselle eugénie , started up like a <unk> . thousand livres to be employed as seems good , and we will leave a fund of a thousand livres under the guardianship of monsieur abbé here , for extraordinary occasions or common wants . i mean ,	136.8343048095703
” said andrea , endeavoring to smile , quite overcome by the strange tranquillity of bertuccio . exclaimed the young couple . this discourse produce ? ” anxiously inquired albert . , poor woman ! ” murmured athos , in a broken voice . ” said aramis ; “ we are dying of hunger . who were to conduct milady to fort la pointe , and superintend her embarkation . a great virtue , a powerful <unk> powerful that it excuses a multitude of things , even if , after <unk> ’ s death , lady macbeth had been at all pricked by her conscience . ” said he , “ there are two of them ; one does the work while the other stands <unk> ” he	130.4966278076172
made a sign to ali not to lose sight of the man in the street , and turned to the one in the dressing-room . ” that mean ? ” you . ” calculated to reassure her ; all it seemed to say was , “ it is not only your reserve which <unk> me . ” see the shore from the boat ; they would therefore be less likely to see the boat from the shore . the ranks and broke their swords in two . little hand toward that of his father and said , “ i swear to your majesty . ” said grimaud , from the bottom of the hold . see your beggar , sir , and if he is such as you	70.70260620117188
describe him , you are right—it will be you who have discovered the true treasure . ” here ! ” see why ; we are very comfortable in those we wear . ” of the rue <unk> , he saw two persons coming out of the rue dauphine whose appearance very much struck him . . sure , from the cut of his clothes , they are made by a first-rate paris <unk> blin or humann . me all about it , for it must be interesting . ” buckingham in my behalf , and you will tell him i am acquainted with all the preparations he has made ; but that they give me no uneasiness , since at the first step he takes i will ruin	127.9272689819336
the queen . ” miracle i hope to accomplish , <unk> ” any chance lose sight of him , i presume ? ” that though a subordinate , like myself , is bound to acquaint the shipowner with everything that occurs , there are many things he ought most carefully to conceal from all else . ” just made a little excursion to the <unk> <unk> . ” the carmelites , henrietta had desired her daughter to attend her at the palace , which she had inhabited for a long time and which she had only left because their poverty seemed to them more difficult to bear in gilded chambers . amount of his wages , which captain gaumard had not dared to apply for . . midst	184.0026397705078
of the guards , who on seeing him were silent . arm and rested my hand on my <unk> ; do you understand what i mean ? ” of monte cristo ” said debray . now you have the key of the cellar . positively what she is capable of , read her past history on her left shoulder . ” porthos , “ i will do whatever you please ; and besides , i think what the comte de la fere said just now is very good . ” most extreme dread on the part of those present . the castle of the man in whose service he was—— ” number of small <unk> belonging to the fishermen of the neighboring village , like humble subjects awaiting	105.58782196044922
orders from their queen . me and upon fifty soldiers which the chevalier d ’ humieres has promised me whenever i need them . ” is all , i am hungry , too ; but it is not everything to be hungry , one must find something to eat , unless we <unk> on the grass , like our <unk> ” ten minutes , during five of which he was lost in reverie , when there appeared within the circle comprised in his rolling gaze a man with a <unk> face , who , with a napkin around his body , another under his arm , and a white cap upon his head , approached him , holding paper , pen and ink in hand . ” replied	136.77703857421875
dantès , “ that i am too happy for noisy mirth ; if that is what you meant by your observation , my worthy friend , you are right ; joy takes a strange effect at times , it seems to oppress us almost the same as sorrow . ” conveyed her to a hôtel in the place royale , ” said the wounded man . shadows on their path , and trees shaken by the first winds of autumn seemed like giants madly rushing on to meet them , and retreating as rapidly when once reached . longer beside me i am afraid every moment of erring . the count seems the rage , ” replied the viscount , smiling , “ and that you are the	183.62416076660156
seventeenth person that has asked me the same question . but i knew his step , i knew his voice , i knew him by that imposing bearing which hell has bestowed upon his person for the curse of humanity . <unk> in this country ? ” asked major cavalcanti innocently . wish , or rather my determination . winter would perhaps send felton himself to get the order signed by the duke of buckingham . ” and try if there are any means of speaking to him . ” my dear fellow , do not confound our plans . a bed , a chair , a table , a <unk> , and a jug . as you do , athos . ” see well . ” the	110.22731018066406
two young people had agreed to be married when vampa should be twenty and teresa nineteen years of age . ? ” said the count ; “ 900,000 francs ? his mind the <unk> whilst he admired the delicate tenderness with which it was bestowed . excitement , every nerve was strained , every vein swollen , and every part of his body seemed to suffer distinctly from the rest , thus multiplying his agony a <unk> . against this accusation ; he simply wrote , _nothing to be <unk> water in the hollow of his hand and threw it upon his face . them into the ditch , ” said porthos , “ after having assured ourselves they have nothing in their pockets . ” tones of	178.13478088378906
a voice which penetrated the inmost recesses of his heart ; his eyes met those of the young girl and he could not bear their brilliancy . , the servants stood watching m. d ’ avrigny , who ran to valentine , and raised her in his arms . ! ” said athos , “ you require too much , d ’ artagnan . travelling have a sort of claim on one ; they everywhere expect to receive the same attention which you once paid them by chance , as though the civilities of a passing hour were likely to awaken any lasting interest in favor of the man in whose society you may happen to be thrown in the course of your journey . , and i	109.01067352294922
sat down to table . violent effort over himself to keep his face from being too expressive . sunday clothes , under the pretext of having a swollen face which he had managed to <unk> by introducing a handful of cherry <unk> into one side of his mouth , and had procured a whole holiday from bazin . dantès emerged from the tunnel . from the house at the same moment her guest entered from the stairs , and the appearance of the worthy lady relieved him from an awkward embarrassment . dear kitty ; but for the intention <unk> the information , you must agree , is not likely to be at all agreeable . ” care be mine , and be at ease . ” think	163.9165802001953
it necessary that i should disturb the repose of these illustrious lords to say , ‘ gentlemen , your servant , mousqueton , is <unk> ’ what does monsieur bracieux care , think you , whether i am thirsty or not ? ” succor follows in the train of a king to replace him on his throne , it is an avowal that he no longer possesses the help and love of his own subjects . ” , into the centre of the room , and approached albert , who hastened towards him holding out his hand in a ceremonial manner . is going on . ” . arrived ; two feet of earth removed , and dantès ’ fate would be decided . since the evening before	145.86802673339844
, my fears prevented my feeling hunger . particular , astonished their comrades ; they traveled together , side by side , with sad eyes and heads lowered . reply , and he resumed ; “ you can not have failed to remark , my dear friend , that everyone has his particular kind of drunkenness , sad or gay . , and drew near . know you can do so . ” said d ’ artagnan . paris , he had had constant occasion to honor this excellent man , whom he had always found worthy , loyal , and great . to stop albert in the middle of an adventure that promised to prove so agreeable to his curiosity and so flattering to his vanity .	156.8406219482422
never closed . in this house ? ” with agony ; her <unk> eyes had no longer their sight ; a convulsive shuddering shook her whole body ; the sweat rolled from her brow . vampa , ” replied the count ; “ besides , you compensate for your mistakes in so gentlemanly a way , that one almost feels obliged to you for having committed them . ” mazarin . for one of her <unk> <unk> , mine is incomplete ; and tell her i shall have the honor of seeing her about three o ’ clock , and that i request permission to introduce someone to her . ” too often resounded in her majesty ’ s ears and too often vibrated in her heart for	136.46595764160156
anne of austria not to recognize it ; yet she remained impassive , looking at him with that fixed stare which is tolerated only in women who are queens , either by the power of beauty or by the right of birth . sum . ” ” only repeat , may god protect you and all dear to you ! ” thing might be had . ” not such lords as you are who are allowed to wait in the ante-chamber , only just now he has a secret conference with monsieur de bruy . ” roman crowns ? ” supporting himself on a curiously carved stick , his aged countenance lit up with happiness , looking for all the world like one of the aged dandies of	205.13621520996094
<unk> , <unk> the newly opened gardens of the luxembourg and tuileries . . physician ? ” said she . piece of good fortune sent from heaven , ” said athos , evidently much relieved . one in his passion ? ” on for half an hour when he entered . , morrel did not utter a complaint , or say one harsh word . his release , and all will be said , ” replied the cardinal . , and seized their muskets . probability , we shall attack the enemy . ” porthos , “ it appears to me that the means are very simple . ” whispered “ good-bye , ” but his look was more explicit ; it expressed a whole poem of restrained	120.14921569824219
anger , proud disdain , and generous indignation . and the door of a dungeon was opened , and he was thrust in . objects with his eyes , his alarm every moment increasing . , then ? , ” replied the procurator ’ s wife , in real innocence . , ” added beauchamp and château-renaud . would be gratified if cardinal mazarin should make you captain . ” you ? ” of the town . ” threatened ( certain consciences are never calm ) , —danglars even before his guests showed a countenance of abject terror . promise , maximilian . ” , ” he said , “ you are to take this dispatch to the bastile and bring back here the person it concerns .	147.49249267578125
path to the glade ; but , to his great surprise , carlini arrived almost as soon as himself . a profound silence . he , “ do you still doubt ? ” faithful cities , and will oppose to him an impassable barrier . ” give you a proof , ” replied the count , and he rang the bell . are you going , viscount ? ” inquired de guiche . ” murmured the old man , clasping edmond ’ s hand <unk> “ adieu ! ” my neck , and fear nothing . ” cardinal mazarin , ” presenting a letter . to open this casket ? ” asked the notary . as one in authority . ” ” murmured mazarin . say that fifty	85.40408325195312
francs will be enough for us at present , and that we will wait for the rest . ” and duchess of orleans , the tall young mademoiselle and the abbé de la riviere ; and the third , the duke de longueville and the prince de conti , brother and brother-in-law of condé . annuity his family papers , his library , composed of five thousand volumes , and his famous breviary . and just now were so pale as you came into the <unk> ” france , my lord ; i said the cardinal , and the cardinal is not even a frenchman . ” <unk> bolted . ” d ’ artagnan . he pondered the matter for a moment . ? ” said he .	89.98936462402344
said she , “ i can assure you that you have severely punished me ; and if in the time to come you should find yourself in a similar situation , you have but to apply to me . ” s horses cleared the angle of the boulevard , when albert , turning towards the count , burst into a loud fit of <unk> too loud in fact not to give the idea of its being rather forced and unnatural . he , as he went away ; “ this is a fruitful soil , and i feel certain that the seed sown will not be cast on barren ground . ” ” ? ” demanded porthos . to see her , for i like her very much	98.7437744140625
. ” and i would have all the merit of my devotion , even if that devotion were stupidity . ” i dream of nothing but battles . ” sure of that ! ” ” upon the most incredulous ; and far from being incredulous , mazarin was superstitious . beseech you , —let us strive to be cheerful . ” in the antechamber were visible the rough faces of seven or eight half-naked sailors . me a baron . ” ? ” said fernand . to be dining with that prince whose house you have just left ? ” , had just left a bonapartist club when he disappeared . , and have made out the accusation against the assassin benedetto . debray . athos , “	126.55400848388672
that only makes four ; and we are <unk> for one . interposed renée , “ you know very well it was agreed that all these disagreeable reminiscences should forever be laid aside . ” his will , it is generally in favor or in prejudice of some person . ” longer any hope of making his master renounce his project , heaved a profound sigh and set to work to groom the third horse . answered for him to the <unk> , who have promised my poor <unk> , my god , my god ! , ” said the queen , “ you are seriously afraid of a public tumult . ” had stuck to the wound , and he had lost only a few drops of	113.37560272216797
blood . was the coachman who had driven them there . ? ” yet ? ” where his own orders were locked up , and took out two ribbons of the order of the garter . dear john , ” said lord de winter , “ come in , and shut the door . ” much oblige me . ” journey . ” to his usual custom , until duprez had sung his famous “ <unk> ! _ ” then he rose and went out . secrets will remain in the family . ” count of monte cristo ” said the young man . the eye of a father is no more to be deceived than his heart . ” ’ ” themselves in darkness ; but mme	73.40509033203125
. monsieur de <unk> <unk> news there is . ” ” and the man held the torch to the wall . that at a gesture of your majesty everything will be possible to him . , raoul , ” said the gascon ; “ for if he ’ s a coward he will disgrace thee some day . ” , is at last dead ? ” ” asked porthos , “ who is milady ? ” steps to meet him , and then stopped , cold , severe , unmoved , with her lower lip <unk> protruded . port ? ” justice here , and it is for justice to avenge those she has been unable to protect . ’ account . ” other motive unknown to us	96.3570327758789
? ” , then , a fourth companion ? ” ’ artagnan remarked also that not one countenance responded to the <unk> of porthos . are going to his house . ” of the count ? ” inquired debray ; “ he is not much amiss , according to my ideas of good looks . ” number of other ways including checks , online payments and credit card donations . the period of these two <unk> , had , as may well be supposed , the eye on the watch , the nose to the wind , and the ear on the hark . returned the jeweller , giving back the diamond and the ring to caderousse , ‘ no , it is worth no more , and	108.15260314941406
i am sorry i offered so much , for the stone has a <unk> in it , which i had not seen . ’ t let the cardinal go . ” on additionally in the midst of all this was the remembrance of the cardinal . ; i only drank a glass of my master ’ s <unk> ’ s all. ” and barrois turned towards noirtier , who , <unk> fixed in his armchair , was contemplating this terrible scene without allowing a word or a movement to escape him . <unk> language which d ’ artagnan could not understand ; but by the accent the young man plainly saw that the beautiful englishwoman was in a great rage . , and appeared to doubt the thickness	112.08231353759766
of the partition between them and the office of m. de tréville ; but a fresh allusion soon brought back the conversation to his eminence , and then the laughter recovered its <unk> and the light was not withheld from any of his actions . he to the procureur , whose heart beat so loudly that it might almost be heard , “ here is in this cup some syrup of violets , and this decanter contains the remainder of the lemonade of which m. noirtier and barrois partook . us reckon upon accidents ! every hit the man touched should quit the game , yielding his turn for the benefit of the adversary who had hit him . announced that something new and unexpected had taken place	253.29359436035156
. sure , ” cried porthos , “ there is a diamond . and his lackey . ” maximilian , see the power you have over me , you almost make me believe you ; and yet , what you tell me is madness , for my father will curse <unk> is <unk> will never pardon me . at the man , who spoke with more assurance than he had hitherto shown . flow of blood had ascended from the chest to the head . her friends ; nothing more moral . venture to ask you this favor . ” took the nags of planchet and grimaud , and the two lackeys started on foot , carrying the saddles on their heads . dining-room before described , where	112.58818054199219
the statues had baskets on their heads always filled with fruits and flowers . ” as an abbé . ” sometimes , too , think of me , and if at certain hours you should miss me , if you should feel any slight regret at my absence , i shall be overwhelmed with joy at the thought that you appreciate my affection for and my devotion to yourself , and that i have been able to prove them to you whilst i had the happiness of living with you . ” not let go the hand of d ’ artagnan , led him up a little dark , winding staircase , and after ascending about fifteen steps , opened a door . with so remarkable a person	140.03121948242188
as yourself . ” , recall old recollections ; she would supplicate him by the remembrance of guilty , yet happy days . twenty paces , then stopped , putting the bier down on the ground . be confessed that , contrary to the usual state of affairs in <unk> between the young men , the effective arguments were all on albert ’ s side . my lord , never to part with it , ” replied athos . the dragoon . ” replied caderousse , “ that i can answer for , you did not . the rue des petits champs and turning to the left entered the little garden gate leading into the rue richelieu ; then they gained the private staircase and d ’ artagnan	136.95513916015625
was ushered into the oratory . can have led to the quarrel between danglars and debray ? entered to inform them that groslow was waiting for them . read it over three times , and the words sank deeply into my memory . ” bonacieux , recalling all his remembrances of the circumstances , “ yes , that ’ s it . me if i return thy wish ! ” murmured d ’ artagnan , smiling as he pronounced the <unk> ; “ i declare i feel quite ill after only being five minutes in the courtyard . ” cried the two musketeers in a breath . . <unk> which were sent to m. de saint-méran ; and m. de saint-méran is dead . rochefort , taking the	101.51924133300781
paper from milady , folding it , and placing it in the lining of his hat , “ you may be easy . make you the offer , my dear d ’ artagnan , giving you all the time necessary for <unk> me such a trifle . ” to this honest fellow , ” replied raoul , taking a pistole from his pocket . you reach london ; at london you may tear off the outer envelope . ” his conviction , mme . journey was a remounting journey , then ? ” , and bazin set off at full speed . this fine story ? ” athos passed through it , carrying the clothes destined for the king wrapped in black cloth , and the tools with	123.59893035888672
which he was to open a communication with the king ’ s room . count , we are talking as much of women as they do of us ; it is unpardonable . ” sleep in peace , and put your trust in the lord . ” i had forgotten you were in love . ” answering , threw himself on his knees , seized the count ’ s hand , and covered it with kisses . have begun . ” it was called at the palais , and by people in general , had produced a tremendous sensation . i have heard is your custom . ” ’ s cell was paved , and it had been by raising one of the stones in the most obscure	76.35408020019531
corner that faria had been able to commence the laborious task of which dantès had witnessed the <unk> . the world he would blow out his brains , and there would be an end . ” . ” trademark , and may not be used if you charge for an ebook , except by following the terms of the trademark license , including paying royalties for use of the project gutenberg trademark . via dei banchi , near st. peter ’ s . do together ! ” <unk> <unk> <unk> le <unk> the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> . ” object that brings me here . ” bragelonne and he is called grimaud . ” good-will of the youth raoul and , either whilst fencing with him or when	200.96200561523438
out shooting , to extract from his simplicity some information which would connect the athos of old times with the athos of the present . dear sir , ’ said la carconte in her most gracious manner . . , and prayed earnestly . ” justice , accused , and do you dare set your <unk> an example of disorder which even in these times has never been equalled ? ” d ’ artagnan to see what effect all this produced , and found his friend gaping enough to split his jaws . morning ? ” athos asked , uneasily . mazarin , “ i join with you in supplicating the queen to put an end to the miseries of her subjects . your government would do well	179.95315551757812
to choose from the past something better than the things that i have noticed on your monuments , and which have no <unk> meaning whatever . ” murmured she ; “ can it be he ? ” and she remained in bed with her eyes fixed . examined him attentively , and who no doubt practiced upon him all the <unk> studies he was accustomed to use , in vain endeavored to make him lower his eyes , notwithstanding the depth and <unk> of his gaze . . <unk> , edmond ! of you . ” grandier wasn ’ t a sorcerer , he was a learned man . emotion was expressed on the beautiful countenance and calm features of athos . the panel of the door .	141.9409942626953
us the honor to be jealous ; he does not like eugénie sufficiently . village ; the woman had had a relay of horses , and continued her journey . other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg™ works . is very annoying , ’ said vampa ; ‘ but we have not seen him . ’ a plate of pewter ; upon this plate was written with the point of a large pin : “ rueil ... <unk> ” with an indescribable expression of interest and pity . a just man ! ” cried milady , throwing herself at his feet . , the duke ’ s confidential lackey , at the same moment . the door , that she might go and die	117.3702163696289
with him , but it was fastened on the inside . amounts to the same thing as if i asked you for something . ” ? ” till he arrived at the end of the rue de <unk> , from whence a full view of the allées de meilhan was obtained . in a sort of agony upon the door through which the king must enter . came to a landing with a violent shock . which the conversation we have related took place , the count of monte cristo set out for auteuil , accompanied by ali and several attendants , and also taking with him some horses whose qualities he was desirous of ascertaining . to have the honor of writing to you myself , by	115.60914611816406
reason of a wound i have received in my right hand , i have commanded my son , the count de guiche , who , with his father , is equally your humble servant , to write to tell you that we have just gained the battle of lens , and that this victory can not fail to give great power to cardinal mazarin and to the queen over the affairs of europe . an <unk> had so terrible an eye flashed before his <unk> had the genius of terror he had so often seen , either on the battle-field or in the murderous nights of algeria , shaken around him more dreadful fire . you talking of ? ” other instructions ? ” asked the fair traveler	169.60269165039062
. . ” milady ; and as if acted upon by a spring , she bounded toward the baron , who awaited her attack with his arms crossed , but nevertheless with one hand on the hilt of his sword . the cardinal , not turning round , for having whistled , he knew that it was his <unk> who was behind him ; “ what musketeers are now within the palace ? ” along upon his armchair with <unk> by mme . haydée , “ is it not yet over ? ” arm , that was all . 98 . ’ s words . ’ s temperament could not long indulge in that melancholy which can exist in common minds , but which destroys superior ones .	121.3917236328125
rue <unk> , to exactly the same spot where , a year before , at the very same hour , he had paid me the compliment i have related to you . both forewarned . ” , and you are not so exacting as the fathers of the porte saint-martin and <unk> , who disinherit their daughters for not giving them grandchildren . <unk> the scaffold ! was , seized the mane of his horse , which carried him on with the others . me , ’ he said , ‘ to have my guards provided with better horses ; for if they had been able to keep up with you and if each one of them had done as much as you and your friend , you	111.14376068115234
would have kept your word and would have brought him back to me dead or alive . ’ ” the matter , my dear ? ” asked the gentleman whose name the lady ’ s agitation revealed ; “ tell me what is the matter . ” with a sentiment of uneasiness whether planchet , who alone could give them information , was alive or dead , that the friends returned to the place royale ; to their great surprise they found the citizens still encamped there , drinking and bantering each other , although , doubtless , <unk> by their families , who thought they were at charenton in the thickest of the fighting . something . ” could attract a man on duty who wishes to	157.64447021484375
have a deputy . into a passion at random at noisy ? those military <unk> who sold their blood to whoever would buy , and grew old in stratagems and spoils . head . tréville had foreseen . ‘ long live cromwell ! ’ ” m. morrel , ” said he , again turning his quid , “ as for that—— ” said the wretch , ‘ is not peace much better than such a war as that ? not say public , but <unk> confined to these three sentiments , —i love my father , i respect m. morrel , and i adore mercédès . guardsman descended in his turn . eyes into the darkness as long as she could , and when he had quite disappeared	227.00564575195312
, she went into the house with a sigh . ” hat and gloves , ” returned monte cristo . its character , yield to mad ideas , be even <unk> live . ” room , and made but one leap into his _coupé_ . be content with that answer , ” replied the visitor , “ for i come from one to whom everyone must be at home . be patient . sustained by rage , by his strength of mind , by despair , by the supreme agony which led the <unk> to scale the heavens , and ajax to defy the gods . caderousse ; “ benedetto has become the son of a great lord . ” ” said madame danglars . appear much shorter	128.91807556152344
when we travel two in company . ” have the proofs . ” thoughts constantly reverted to that handsome young man who was so brave and appeared to be so much in love . redoubled the hilarity of the guests to such a degree , that the elder dantès , who , at the commencement of the repast , had commented upon the silence that prevailed , now found it difficult , amid the general din of voices , to obtain a moment ’ s tranquillity in which to drink to the health and prosperity of the bride and bridegroom . , athos ? ” resumed the gascon . not to know . avidity to these appalling <unk> and horrible paradoxes , delivered by the count with that	181.58096313476562
ironical simplicity which was peculiar to him . laid out in such a way as to afford the fullest scope for the imagination , and furnished with thickly grown trees , beneath whose <unk> screen a visionary like myself may conjure up phantoms at will . all this was that the true hatred , the profound hatred , the inveterate hatred of milady , was increased by his not having killed her brother-in-law . madame de saint-méran , without using any circumlocution , and as if fearing she had no time to lose , “ you wrote to me concerning the marriage of this child ? ” and fastened on the mask that scarcely equalled the pallor of his own face . ’ artagnan ! reckoned upon putting	250.87344360351562
<unk> into his pocket . the steward , “ it is fatality , i am sure . , if possible , increased ; the king perceived it , and enjoyed it with that cold cruelty which was one of the worst sides of his character . , and do not <unk> ” the general , again daunted by the superiority of the chief , hesitated a moment ; then advancing to the president ’ s desk , — “ what is the form , said he . at the <unk> of the poison , should , as monte cristo intimated , have recourse to steel ! —what if the count should have no time to run to her rescue ! —what if her last moments were approaching ,	129.7125244140625
and she should never again see morrel ! the drum draws near , ” said d ’ artagnan . evening meals are brought , ” thought he , “ i will cast them out of the window , and they will think that i have eaten them . ” returning hither he will have escaped and we shall never find him . ” dread of a pen , a bottle of ink , and a sheet of paper , than of a sword or pistol . ” you wish to know if i am of mazarin ’ s party ? ” replied milady , “ to true love . ” wish to die , ” and had chosen the manner of his death , and fearful of changing	86.22525024414062
his mind , he had taken an oath to die . , my friend ! ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ for heaven ’ s sake , don ’ t laugh , for upon my soul , it ’ s no laughing matter ! ” year . ; i will do mine elsewhere . , aramis ? ” the spot ; she made a violent effort to reply to this last attack , but she fell upon a chair thinking of villefort , of the dinner scene , of the strange series of misfortunes which had taken place in her house during the last few days , and changed the usual calm of her establishment to a scene of scandalous debate . aramis as with athos ,	94.33422088623047
embraced them both . complacent husband , my dear monsieur bonacieux , ” said the cardinal . only two persons deserve our notice ; these are mademoiselle eugénie danglars and mademoiselle louise d ’ armilly . ” hear you speak of monsieur d ’ emery as calculated for a post which requires a man of probity . impatient for news of his master . porthos were engaged in conducting the cardinal to saint germain , athos and aramis returned to paris . which they made , milady replied by a sign that it was he . not having thus employed the hours he had passed in vain hopes , prayer , and despondency . horses on their part appreciated the eight hours of repose and the abundant stabling	194.4739990234375
which was granted them . , he is really dead , ” said the doctor ; “ this burn in the heel is decisive . fire in the rooms adjoining the very apartment of the lovely carmela . ” his part . ” he has a great influence over his <unk> ? ” , at the first signal . ” hold my tongue ! ” replied caderousse ; “ i say i want to know why they should put dantès in prison ; i like dantès ; dantès , your health ! ” and he swallowed another glass of wine . and grimaud the friends succeeded in turning the stone over . your name was d ’ artagnan . ” bestow upon me i do not merit .	97.50657653808594
eugénie ’ s sagacity and the influence of mademoiselle d ’ armilly ; she had frequently observed the contemptuous expression with which her daughter looked upon debray , —an expression which seemed to imply that she understood all her mother ’ s amorous and <unk> <unk> with the intimate secretary ; moreover , she saw that eugénie detested debray , not only because he was a source of <unk> and scandal under the paternal roof , but because she had at once <unk> him in that <unk> of bipeds whom <unk> endeavors to withdraw from the appellation of men , and whom diogenes designated as animals upon two legs without feathers . s plan . how to <unk> the expression of their features , and the daughter of	223.6797637939453
henry iv . , combined with an astonishing quickness and readiness of <unk> ; the mathematical turn of his mind rendered him <unk> at all kinds of calculation , while his naturally poetical feelings threw a light and pleasing veil over the dry reality of arithmetical <unk> , or the rigid severity of <unk> . us faces of different officers in the royal army ; is not that the duc de chatillon himself coming toward us with his brigadiers ? ” of the alphabet until she came to <unk> at this letter the eloquent eye of noirtier gave her notice that she was to stop . count our money and divide it . duty as a soldier , but as a gentleman , i say that you are	242.44113159179688
very culpable . ” that when i reside in a country , i conform to all its code , and i have no wish to put myself within the compass of the french laws for your sake . ” the desperate gallop it had kept up since leaving the barrier , and arrived steaming at louvres . see . ” behind with a <unk> liquid which the host recognized as his best olive oil . parade , radiant as at a fete . gondy , “ there is a <unk> between us . again , undulating like a stormy sea , and the king imagined that he saw shining in the midst of this living wave the bright eyes of athos . you have bored your way from	206.15199279785156
the cell you occupy here , <unk> in the same direction as the outer gallery , does it not ? ” to repair the wrongs i had done the prisoner , ” resumed the innkeeper , “ i took my way straight to the cellar in order to set him at liberty . baptistin , what did i tell you this morning when i called you into my laboratory ? ” , and fatigue are nothing compared with the reputation and interests of a whole family ; probabilities will not suffice , only facts will justify a deadly combat with a friend . he was undergoing the agonies preceding death . see the letter without the bearer of it , ” replied the young man ; “ but	150.09288024902344
to convince you that i am really the bearer of a letter , see , here it is ; and kindly add , ” continued he , “ that i am not a simple messenger , but an envoy extraordinary . ” you could assist me perhaps in researches which have been , up to the present , fruitless . paulet , for she was always very much the fashion . ” of his happiness , destroyed , without apparent cause , by an unheard-of fatality ; he considered and <unk> this idea , devoured it ( so to speak ) , as the implacable ugolino devours the skull of archbishop roger in the <unk> of dante . d ’ artagnan , “ for the actual man .	171.08482360839844
the door , where aramis pronounced his benediction upon him , and passing through the <unk> , filled with soldiers , jumped into his carriage and drove to the bishop ’ s palace . , filled his pockets with the radiant gems and then returned to daylight , when he discovered that his <unk> had all changed into common pebbles . this comb on the <unk> ; he took it up , and as he took it he made a low bow . , and so much the better ! ” maximilian , ” said monte cristo , smiling . million , then ; but on my word of honor , i had no idea that it was so much . ” the past . ” ’ artagnan	81.534423828125
had quarters in the rue tiquetonne , at the hotel de la chevrette . : extraordinary in it ; but the hesitation with which he proceeded , stopping and listening with anxious attention at every step he took , convinced franz that he expected the arrival of some person . him previously to coming hither ? ” ” murmured the wounded man . a horse ? ” asked mousqueton . , is no longer queen , my child . of him the moment i saw his wound , and since he asked for a monk you know that it was his opinion , too , that death would follow . ” to come here ? ” the fire of those scorching eyes . at the door , while	108.2593002319336
the eyes of the personage we have just described were fixed upon him , and appeared to wish to penetrate even into the depths of the past . . politeness . ? ” devoured her slightest movements , seized the paper immediately the signature had been affixed to it , returned to the window and waved it in his hand . the theatres , at <unk> , or in any place of public resort . ah ” that the affair grew more and more intricate . sir , ” said the president , “ you have insulted a man , and that man will not go one step farther without demanding honorable reparation . ” but yourself upon earth , who am neglected and forgotten by my father	152.28219604492188
, harassed and persecuted by my stepmother , and left to the sole companionship of a paralyzed and speechless old man , whose withered hand can no longer press mine , and who can speak to me with the eye alone , although there still lingers in his heart the warmest tenderness for his poor grandchild . brought into contact with his father , something terrible had happened . , and danglars was entirely vanquished ; with a trembling hand he took the two letters from the count , who held them carelessly between finger and thumb , and proceeded to scrutinize the signatures , with a minuteness that the count might have regarded as insulting , had it not suited his present purpose to mislead the banker	286.4138488769531
. count on the 26th may at seven o ’ clock in the evening . spite of your silence . office is located at 809 north 1500 west , salt lake city , ut 84116 , ( 801 ) 596-1887 . say to these gentlemen , ” added he , “ that i forbid my musketeers to expose their lives needlessly ; for brave men are very dear to the king , and the king knows that his musketeers are the bravest on the earth . who shall accompany you afterward be a man or a woman ? ” the plan , gentlemen ? ” ; every hour seemed to strike with leaden weight upon the heart of the poor girl . conversation would have seemed a sublime	218.60357666015625
manoeuvre to any one who could have read the gascon ’ s soul . d ’ artagnan , rising , “ we have them , friend porthos , and even something better . ” will only put this scheme into execution , and be steady , nothing could be better . ” bright , glittering eyes , in which a wild , unearthly fire seems burning , —the same ghastly paleness . morrel , do you not , grandpapa ? ” asked valentine . them as i have over you . ” ” stammered out villefort , trying to smile ; “ but i can assure you that i had nothing to do with any such proceeding . s hands with a transport which he took for love	115.31777954101562
, but which was only joy at being no longer alone in the world , and seeing at last a friend , after long hours of solitary sorrow . . said maximilian , “ the voice of my heart is very sorrowful , and promises me nothing but misfortune . ” d ’ artagnan , “ they will miss me ; if they fire we will ride after the carriage , and exterminate those who may be in it . a noise , ” she said ; “ leave me . ” them . ” replied d ’ artagnan , straining both at the same time his quick ear and his intelligent glance , “ it is the murmur of the populace in revolution . ” visitors through	82.89311218261719
a sort of wicket ; and if their faces were unknown to him or displeased him , he replied that the abbé was not in paris , an answer which satisfied most persons , because the abbé was known to be a great traveller . two o ’ clock , and the _cicerone_ did not bring the passport till three . _coupé_ , calm and smiling , and was at home in five minutes . duke . ” moved by them . should wait for felton till ten o ’ clock ; if he did not return by ten o ’ clock she was to sail . we <unk> <unk> , ” said athos , quietly , drawing four pistoles from his pocket and throwing them upon the	82.43025207519531
table . , approached athos , still insensible , and as all this noise and commotion inconvenienced him greatly , he required , as the first and most urgent thing , that the musketeer should be carried into an adjoining chamber . fetch you , monsieur d ’ artagnan . ” work , his servant , notwithstanding orders to the contrary , came to his room . thought it better not to notice him , as he looked so angry and discomposed . of france , and claimed their right of commanding the army under the orders of the king ; but the cardinal , who feared that bassompierre , a huguenot at heart , might press but feebly the english and rochellais , his brothers in religion	168.1084747314453
, supported the duc d ’ angoulême , whom the king , at his instigation , had named lieutenant general . ” murmured franz . chat , brother , ” said she , with a kind of cheerfulness , decided as she was to draw from the conversation , in spite of all the dissimulation lord de winter could bring , the revelations of which she stood in need to regulate her future conduct . if i were a woman and fate had made me a banker ’ s wife , whatever might be my confidence in my husband ’ s good fortune , still in speculation you know there is great risk . pursued in the <unk> , driven out of the kingdom of naples , where	121.44180297851562
he had carried on a regular war , had crossed the <unk> , like manfred , and had taken refuge on the banks of the <unk> between <unk> and <unk> . , my friend , ” said mazarin , gazing at the musketeer with admiration . he , “ yes , anne of austria is my true queen . are frequently too dark and mysterious to be easily penetrated . everything forgotten or unperceived before presented itself now to his recollection . mazarin , “ you did not make so many difficulties with regard to the king and queen . ” trod under his feet , for d ’ artagnan made these reflections while walking <unk> along a pretty little road which led from the camp to the	138.07003784179688
village of <unk> . see what course they were taking . have managed their business . to the window shutter . minutes in the cavern , the atmosphere of which was rather warm than damp , dantès ’ eye , habituated as it was to darkness , could pierce even to the remotest angles of the cavern , which was of granite that sparkled like diamonds . guards , monsieur , upon our word as gentlemen ; but likewise , upon our word as gentlemen , ” added athos , knitting his brow , “ monsieur d ’ artagnan shall not leave us . ” , ” said the postilion , “ which way are we going , young gentleman ? ” you . ” mistrust , the	128.62481689453125
queen made madame de <unk> sleep in her chamber , and detained her all day . ” , that is all . ” ” that broussel and blancmesnil had made speeches in their behalf , and , although the eloquence of these deputies had been without avail , it had none the less won for them the people ’ s good-will . have suffered ; but the culprit ? ” crowded on the deck , friends taking a tender but sorrowful leave of each other , some weeping , others noisy in their grief , the whole forming a spectacle that might be exciting even to those who witnessed similar sights daily , but which had no power to disturb the current of thought that had taken possession	252.52960205078125
of the mind of maximilian from the moment he had set foot on the broad pavement of the quay . , for there could be no deception in the expression of that voice ; it was a friend who spoke thus . repast , when i felt myself sink by degrees into a strange torpor . admit that he was indeed awake and that his bloody dream was real . maximilian . last . and found in it two diamond studs . his lieutenant had just arrested some prince in disguise , bowed , and drawing his sword , signified that he was ready . of blue , red , and gold . more than that—— ” and he snapped his fingers ; “ but it is my	145.465576171875
lord giulio who cares about them ; as an italian he is superstitious . ” me ? ” at last a baron , and d ’ artagnan a captain . , and taking off his hat respectfully , said , “ madame , will you permit me to offer you my services ? the envoy , “ you do not go about it in the right way to kill him , if i understand you correctly . ” hurry yourself a little , monsieur monk . ” at once , and exclaimed : his cry , continued to wring the bandit ’ s wrist , until , his arm being dislocated , he fell first on his knees , then flat on the floor . are soon cut	101.4757308959961
off , ” said danglars . , sent as a <unk> , that our friend d ’ artagnan formed a part . albert . ” m. de tréville . <unk> the matter greatly . him ? ” said , “ you will admit that , when arrived at a certain degree of fortune , the superfluities of life are all that can be desired ; and the ladies will allow that , after having risen to a certain eminence of position , the ideal alone can be more exalted . ” said athos , “ i renounce my plan of seclusion , and wherever you go , i will go with you . indulge all your fancies ; besides , should you find your income insufficient , you	88.78087615966797
can , for the sake of the past , madame , make use of mine ; and i am ready to offer you all i possess , on loan . ” for monsieur de wardes . ” the musketeers , lackeys included , were seven . , monsieur ; for when the gentleman was about to set out , we perceived that his lackey was <unk> monsieur porthos ’ s horse , as well as his master ’ s . cried danglars . really a serious matter , then ? ” asked the marquis , remarking the cloud on villefort ’ s brow . ” them , and the superior , to whom he had confided this misfortune , wishing as much as in him lay to free	86.03395080566406
him from them , had advised him , in order to conjure away the tempting demon , to have recourse to the bell rope , and ring with all his might . saint denis , athos looked at raoul ’ s way of riding and observed : poor lubin , the lackey of the comte de <unk> whom you took such good care of a month ago at calais , on the road to the governor ’ s country house ! ” , ” said aramis . soldiers will pursue the wretched fugitive . the right , to the left ; they were encompassed by a troop of horsemen . risk , for he knew all that was meant . the pioneers , there are four soldiers and	147.9626922607422
a brigadier , armed with muskets . ” . you ; an illustrious person awaits you . prudent you must not take me for a fool . ” cried d ’ artagnan . it , half laughing , half trembling , and both gained the top of rue de la harpe . in the young man ’ s feelings . o ’ clock ; but edmond ’ s anxiety had put all thoughts of time out of his head . . ” , if , as i hope , my vessel arrives safely ; for its arrival will again procure me the credit which the numerous accidents , of which i have been the victim , have deprived me ; but if the _pharaon_ should be lost ,	95.2340316772461
and this last resource be <unk> ” you desire , except relinquish my determination of finding out who this man is . so ? ” . ’ am guilty ; but what name can you give it , what name will the lord give it , if i am innocent ? ” weapon again , his lips parted and his eyes fixed on the clock , and then shuddered at the click of the trigger as he cocked the pistol . in no way obliged to go with me . ” met barrois , and looked despairingly at the old servant . s nothing , nothing ! ” cried milady . visit to madame de vendome , left his name at madame de chevreuse ’ s and wrote	124.59012603759766
the following letter to d ’ artagnan : own . ” positive appointment for a particular day and hour ? ” inquired the count ; “ only let me warn you that i am proverbial for my <unk> exactitude in keeping my engagements . ” slander me ? ” much , far too much , ” murmured villefort . spite of all the remarks which she considered it her duty to make , secretly approved of the proposition , my father consented to it at her instigation , and it was only on account of my poor grandfather that i finally abandoned the project . rose quickly . so , although inclination might lead her to do so , but we shall take your eminence to paris ,	131.90757751464844
and the parisians will defend us . ” the count , “ you know that you are now in france , and are free . ” have just told me—that mazarin has placed me in the pavilion of the orangery in order to make me a visit , and assure him that i shall take advantage of this honor he proposes to accord to me to obtain from him some <unk> of our captivity . ” athos . , ” said athos , “ and we are four ; an unlimited dinner for eight . ” cried felton . and lord de winter did not appear . owner we ’ d shake hands on it now , my dear dantès , and call it settled ; but i	77.71478271484375
have a partner , and you know the italian <unk> ha <unk> ha <unk> ‘ he who has a partner has a master. ’ but the thing is at least half done , as you have one out of two votes . the king entered the hall , surrounded by guards , but wearing his head covered , and with a calm expression turned to every side with a look of complete assurance , as if he were there to preside at an assembly of submissive subjects , rather than to meet the accusations of a rebel court . magnificent autumn days which make amends for a short summer ; the clouds which m. de villefort had perceived at <unk> had all disappeared as if by magic ,	248.484130859375
and one of the softest and most brilliant days of september shone forth in all its splendor . relieved ? ” asked de guiche . words in the ear of debray , who approached monte cristo , saying , “ the baroness wishes to know what you paid her husband for the horses . ” the absence of his rival afforded him , he reflected , partly on the means of deceiving mercédès as to the cause of his absence , partly on plans of <unk> and abduction , as from time to time he sat sad and motionless on the summit of cape <unk> , at the spot from whence marseilles and the catalans are visible , watching for the apparition of a young and handsome man	161.13845825195312
, who was for him also the messenger of vengeance . during the first act ? ” asked château-renaud . think i have hitherto been deceived in you . to leave me , ” he thought , “ but he follows the common custom . man on board , and i am as sure of him as i am of myself . cavalcanti ’ s baptismal register , given by the curé of saravezza . ” baptistin ? ” do so ; the pain i gave him must have been atrocious . a <unk> ; the knife was bent against it . this , my sister ? , perhaps , aware that m. danglars gave 16,000 francs for his horses ? ” ? ” ; she told me	88.01969146728516
to wait , and i waited . ” ! ” in token of admiration . ” alarmed , <unk> is i ! ” any such encounter . formalities , for the same passions which give rise to the accusation <unk> to the condemnation . replied athos . presentiment did not warn mercédès that her lover was within three hundred yards of her ? monte cristo . halted , the musketeers halted . murmured maximilian ; “ your father hates me , while your grandfather , on the <unk> strange feelings are aroused by politics . ” not a person to excite either interest or curiosity in a place of public amusement ; his presence , therefore , was wholly unnoticed , save by the occupants of the box	157.99131774902344
in which he had just seated himself . to me , who am always at his house . ’ ears , even beneath the waves ; he hastened to cleave his way through them to see if he had not lost his strength . you had suffered persecutions from the cardinal , ” continued milady ; “ that would have been another motive for sympathy between us . ” , then ? ” yes , that is <unk> ” she was thinking of something else . go out too late , nobody will see us , ” said porthos , “ and that will be a pity . hope were <unk> whether they should proceed any further , when all at once a circle of smoke enveloped the	91.17864227294922
giant of stone , and a dozen balls came whistling around d ’ artagnan and his companions . ” replied the count , continuing the conversation , and looking by turns at madame de villefort and valentine , “ have i not already had the honor of meeting yourself and mademoiselle before ? a lost child found , but you would be looked upon as an upstart , who had sprung up like a <unk> in the night . ; ” and the major gave a letter into the young man ’ s hand . mother . ” all the same . ” motionless ; he felt that some great and unforeseen misfortune hung over his head . very well as a finish to the toilet . artagnan	98.38990783691406
, beware , ” said aramis . thou learn it ? ” the englishmen and the frenchmen , as with one voice . , not athos only , not the comte de la fere whom you will ruin by this amiable weakness , but a whole party to whom you belong and who depend upon you . ” tiboulen . power and he let us go . more complicated since yesterday evening , my good man , and i advise you to tell the whole truth ; for your repentance alone can remove the anger of the cardinal . ” replied athos , “ for myself i have nothing to demand . electronic work is derived from texts not protected by u.s. copyright law ( does not contain	171.03213500976562
a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder ) , the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the united states without paying any fees or charges . departure from the forest of frosinone he had followed carlini in the darkness , and heard this oath of vengeance , and , like a wise man , anticipated it . explanation , do you not ? ” said the general . . ” and the door was closed , m. de tréville , on turning round , found himself alone with the young man . debray , laughing ; “ do you really mean you would go to his house ? ” not deny the justice of your correction , but the	116.03423309326172
more severely you arm yourself against that unfortunate man , the more deeply will you strike our family . , the effect of changing the conversation ; an hour afterwards the two friends returned to their hotel . , ” said the countess , in reply to her companion ’ s <unk> observation on the subject ; “ but that horrid man had made me feel quite uncomfortable , and i longed to be alone , that i might compose my startled mind . ” we will return to my lord duke presently . aspire to that honor , ” said danglars with a smile , which reminded monte cristo of the sickly <unk> which bad artists are so fond of <unk> into their pictures of ruins .	163.41717529296875
said the coadjutor . have also confirmed my ideas on the subject of sudden inspirations , for i have several times owed my life to a mysterious impulse which directed me to move at once either to the right or to the left , in order to escape the ball which killed the comrade fighting by my side , while it left me <unk> . ” ” said porthos , “ let us say no more upon the subject , i beg of you . full gallop , to cut off my head . , sir , ” replied baptistin . the door for baptistin , whom he saw in the rue matignon , and who was running . <unk> , who so generously distributed the englishman ’	103.54734802246094
s pistoles , which were our legitimate <unk> do you mean to do ? ” discover the cause of this stillness . when we said good-bye to each other in the late cardinal ’ s time . ” cell , in a circle traced with a fragment of plaster detached from the wall , sat a man whose <unk> garments scarcely covered him . fearful <unk> . receiving an order from me , without knowing what he carries , and he will carry your majesty ’ s letter , without even knowing it is from your majesty , to the address which is on it . ” subject , and monte cristo himself fell into a silent reverie . he could scarcely account to himself , the young	132.3593292236328
catalan placed his hand on the knife at his belt . the town with the royal captive ; but on the road an aide-de-camp , from cromwell , sent orders that colonel <unk> should conduct him to <unk> castle . , less from etiquette than because her knees were sinking under her . ! ” ! ” exclaimed the young man , in a transport of joy . valet-de-chambre will call the guard , as he did yesterday and the day before . ” good friend ; and i will prove it to you by putting the <unk> to the _i_ , or rather by naming the persons . off guard , complained of having a cold , and coughed from time to time <unk> . ’ clock	146.5080108642578
in the afternoon when raoul arrived at compiegne ; there he dined heartily and again inquired about the young gentleman who was in advance of them . killed him ere the executioner had laid his hand upon him . ” my purpose , knows no impossibility , and so i keep him . ” a happy and merry life to you . mordaunt , ” said mazarin , “ give me this second letter and sit down . ” you about the palais royal ? ” barren and without shelter ; but when the sea became more calm , he resolved to plunge into its waves again , and swim to lemaire , equally <unk> , but larger , and consequently better adapted for concealment . ” said	192.35400390625
the king , “ you with your alarms prevent me from working . ” of each other . than he had expected in obtaining an audience of anne of austria . project gutenberg™ i think , be on her way to <unk> , must she not ? ” urged you to write ? know her ? ” ” returned m. morrel , “ we shall see . by <unk> indulging my love for liberty . empty ? ” asked porthos , with simplicity . <unk> attired , and attended by a train of <unk> domestics . the captain . tell me if you have in your command the chevalier d ’ artagnan , lieutenant in the musketeers ? ” passed the evening with me . ” promised me	82.30743408203125
his assistance ; but i soon found out that he was betraying me . ” , my lord ! on the performances , to the infinite satisfaction of the viscount of morcerf , who seized his hat , rapidly passed his fingers through his hair , arranged his cravat and wristbands , and signified to franz that he was waiting for him to lead the way . italian <unk> . ” which was so unintelligible to others , she answered by throwing her whole soul into the expression of her countenance , and in this manner were the <unk> sustained between the <unk> girl and the helpless invalid , whose body could scarcely be called a living one , but who , nevertheless , possessed a fund of	128.32125854492188
knowledge and penetration , united with a will as powerful as ever although clogged by a body rendered utterly incapable of obeying its impulses . once on _terra firma_ , once that he had seen the indifferent , if not friendly , appearance of his hosts , his anxiety had quite disappeared , or rather , at sight of the goat , had turned to appetite . there ! hands might turn in , and he would take the helm . s room . ” mystery . hand . after your health and to take your orders . ” fifty to two hundred thousand livres per annum . ” the better ! ” exclaimed the king . flatter yourself that i shall yield to all your caprices ,	217.54209899902344
and quietly and humbly await the time of again being received into your good graces ? ” thousand francs , you therefore still owe me five millions and a hundred thousand francs . replied the latter , who , with his aristocratic glance and his knowledge of the world , had penetrated at once all that was <unk> in monte cristo , “ albert has not deceived us , for the count is a most singular being . answered he , “ it is not by time i could repel the attack made on me by enemies unknown to me , and , doubtless , hidden in obscurity ; it is immediately , and by a thunderbolt , that i must repel the flash of lightning which ,	116.28426361083984
for a moment , startled me . for myself a fortune independent of him , even if i acquired it by placing my interests in hands unknown to him. ” madame danglars blushed , in spite of all her efforts . he cried as they descended . , madame has visitors . ” replied the count , as , taking out his tablets , he wrote down “ no . his life , and as he has a regard for his head , he feels some gratitude towards me for having kept it on his shoulders . ” a sort of terror at the threatening aspect of the <unk> physiognomy in such moments was not destitute of a certain grandeur . , sir ? ” asked morrel ;	138.04864501953125
“ that i should renew my promise of remaining tranquil ? ” noirtier ’ s eye remained fixed and firm , as if to imply that a promise did not suffice ; then it passed from his face to his hands . she said , “ by these sacred relics that buckingham was not my lover . ” if , like us , your excellency lived at leghorn , you would hear , from time to time , that a little merchant vessel , or an english yacht that was expected at bastia , at porto-ferrajo , or at civita vecchia , has not arrived ; no one knows what has become of it , but , doubtless , it has struck on a rock and <unk> .	164.91065979003906
monsieur bazin went to <unk> ’ ’ tis his custom . at the ninth . say ; monsieur , that my dear father is here ? ” twice he had overcome his doubts . want nothing ; do not call him . ” , obey someone ? ” to ask you for an interview of half an hour . ” with this stranger ; but as soon as he is gone , if you will permit me , i will return . ” château-renaud ; “ you are the first man i ever met sufficiently courageous to preach egotism . a future more gloomy <unk> frightful , perhaps sanguinary ! ” as i perceive . ” for the prisoner , as well as for those who were preparing	96.06676483154297
his escape ; only for him it passed more slowly . people unawares . ” ” thought danglars , “ this is not so much like paris , except that i shall probably be <unk> ! infant in the arms of old ocean , and on the bosom of the beautiful <unk> ; i have sported with the green mantle of the one and the azure robe of the other ; i love the sea as a mistress , and pine if i do not often see her . ” m. danglars himself announced . ” an <unk> of pieces of slate and began . great matter that was under discussion , connected with a vessel laden with turkey carpets , stuffs of the levant , and <unk>	172.22862243652344
. and see , ” added the lackey , raising the <unk> entrance of the tent . was well acquainted with the country ; he consequently proposed to take a crossroad , which lay between that of lens and that of bethune . house ? ” the eyes of noirtier seemed as though they would start from their sockets . lose it , for you are going to alter your correspondent ’ s message . ” idea , my lord ; and if your eminence were to offer to make me at this moment governor of the castle of vincennes , i should refuse it . ? ” said she . be ? ” jacopo , and offered him in return for his attention a share of his	91.3694076538086
prize-money , but jacopo refused it indignantly . is in high favor with charles i . ” peace madame de chevreuse frowned , and in spite of all the logic of athos to show her that a prolonged war would have been impracticable , contended in favor of hostilities . us to transport them again to the enclosure surrounding m. de villefort ’ s house , and , behind the gate , half screened from view by the large chestnut-trees , which on all sides spread their luxuriant branches , we shall find some people of our acquaintance . ” said bertuccio , “ this man with this spotless <unk> ” drove , disguised as the coachman , ” replied peppino . , gentlemen , i will sleep	187.1534423828125
across your doorway , and you will then be certain that nobody can reach you . ” torch . distrust , then ? ” said porthos . at boulogne . ” ? ” . ” madame morrel , making a sign to the young man , “ go and tell your father that maximilian has just arrived . ” , ” said faria , interrupting the thread of his narrative , “ this seems to you very <unk> , no doubt , eh ? ” with him , ” continued aramis ; “ ah i much fear that with all your wisdom such mercy yet will prove <unk> folly . ” my good host ; and i wish to know what has become of our young man .	78.05314636230469
” the father could reach the room , the servants who were on the same floor had entered , and seeing valentine pale and motionless on her bed , they lifted up their hands towards heaven and stood transfixed , as though struck by <unk> . this man , sir , ” said the king to the minister of police ; “ for if , as i am all but convinced , general quesnel , who would have been so useful to us at this moment , has been murdered , his assassins , bonapartists or not , shall be cruelly <unk> ” it required all villefort ’ s coolness not to betray the terror with which this declaration of the king inspired him . ’ said francis	128.27256774902344
i. ; ‘ woman is like a wave of the sea , ’ said shakespeare ; both the great king and the great poet ought to have known woman ’ s nature well . ” young men of rank and fortune , had his orchestra stall , with the certainty of always finding a seat in at least a dozen of the principal boxes occupied by persons of his acquaintance ; he had , moreover , his right of entry into the <unk> box . the door , which opened slowly and with a kind of solemnity . a moment with the sad and gentle smile of a man superior to his fellows . and the youth hastily removed the fowl . ” do so , ” said	185.03990173339844
the young man , with a quickness which gave proof of his ready invention . ? ” asked planchet . to be searching a wounded or dead man . ” de montbazon ; well , monsieur de montbazon is the husband of madame de <unk> ” is called _a treatise on the possibility of a general monarchy in <unk> , and will make one large <unk> volume . ” ” said athos , “ he never left the king . ” ” said madame danglars , “ i do not require you any longer . ” the latter , “ am i no longer at liberty to receive whom i choose in my house ? . ” ! ” cried the pit in chorus . drew towards the	66.9879379272461
door ; he saw a cloud rising in the horizon , which appeared to <unk> a coming storm . said , as if to drive away thoughts that pursued her in spite of herself , “ how is poor voiture , do you know , scarron ? ” and never shall i forget it , ” returned peppino , with an accent of profound gratitude . hat , ” said aramis . had showed to him recurred to his mind , and every line gleamed forth in fiery letters on the wall like the _mene , mene , tekel upharsin_ of <unk> . about her age , but whose life was one continued source of anxiety and fear to him from her mother having been <unk> . ;	149.11749267578125
i will confess all to her , —i will tell her daily that i also have committed a crime ! —oh , what an <unk> tiger and the serpent ; worthy wife of such as i am ! do with that letter ? ” <unk> that it ? ” half an hour we shall be on board . ” in objecting to them , for this one great <unk> they have not yet had time to become old . ” through the clouds , and there , standing where you do , and wrapped in that cloak that conceals your figure , you remind me of m. de villefort . ” fool for having said anything about it , ” said a voice from the top of the	135.42269897460938
stairs . head out at the window , and gave her orders to her maid . personal ill-feeling towards the viscount , that is all i can say , sir , ” replied danglars , who resumed his insolent manner as soon as he perceived that morcerf was a little softened and calmed down . valentine . ” . ” in the direction which they pointed out , saw the monk , and fell back upon the litter , his face illumined by joy . said he . his bed , resting on his elbow . departure strange and foolish , ” said the young man ; “ you do not know how a paragraph in a newspaper may exasperate one . fere , ” said a calm	81.07466125488281
voice , though hoarse with running , “ is it your habit to <unk> the absent ? ” make a joke of his want of success ; but internally he was deeply wounded , and his self-love immensely piqued , to think that albert de morcerf , the most admired and most sought after of any young person of his day , should thus be passed over , and merely have his labor for his pains . ; you are a man of genius and you know your worth . on at your ease , gentlemen , ” said morcerf , somewhat piqued . which appeared to exasperate milady still more . i am waiting with impatience to hear what you wish to say to me . ”	169.16896057128906
besides you for that , my fine king ’ s <unk> ! he be , if he had entered his mother ’ s room and not since returned ? a bunch of fresh violets , thrown from a carriage filled with <unk> , indicated to albert that , like himself and his friend , the peasants had changed their costume also ; and whether it was the result of chance , or whether a similar feeling had possessed them both , while he had donned their costume , they had assumed his . château d ’ if behind . is a <unk> for the learned , ” observed d ’ artagnan , “ until now they have never been able to agree as to the situation of paradise	152.41943359375
; some place it on mount <unk> , others between the rivers <unk> and <unk> ; it seems that they have been looking very far away for it , while it was actually very near . sea , and her form was <unk> on the blue ocean and sky . ” said monte cristo , after the first compliments were over , “ what is the matter with you , m. de villefort ? going from palestrina to <unk> , had mistaken his way ; the young man directed him ; but as at a distance of a quarter of a mile the road again divided into three ways , and on reaching these the traveller might again stray from his route , he begged luigi to be	137.7447967529297
his guide . a beautiful girl of sixteen or seventeen , who looked with anxiety at the stranger . , is far away ? ” hand to his sword , motioning to porthos to follow his example . ” replied athos , smiling at that gayety which recalled the good old days , “ that we could form an association of men who would be , after twenty years of separation , still so closely bound together . the banks of the loire , he might have been said to have been <unk> on its waves ; a hundred times he had crossed it on horseback , a thousand times had swum across . , d ’ artagnan following closely behind them . de beaufort . ” i	114.55023956298828
, after four hours ’ work , ‘ since we are sinking , let us sink ; we can die but once. ’ ‘ is that the example you set , penelon ? ’ cries the captain ; ‘ very well , wait a <unk> ’ he went into his cabin and came back with a brace of pistols . leave of him , said something in a low voice , to which he answered , “ willingly , count ; i <unk> ” the count returned to young morcerf . ” , ’ the prince said . doing ? ” has found him , apparently , since he is here now ; and , finally , my friend apprised me of your coming , and gave me	151.67520141601562
a few other instructions relative to your future fortune . besides the packet , captain leclere confided a letter to his care . ” you ? ’ vulgar seductions ; but at this period the title of gentleman had great influence with the citizen class , and d ’ artagnan was a gentleman . present was an ineffable abyss . milady , “ you are such a valiant man , and such an expert swordsman . ” a bottle at a draught and bit great mouthfuls of the bread and meat . of his court in his own vast radiance ; but his father , a sun <unk> <unk> , left his personal splendor to each of his favorites , his individual value to each of his courtiers	185.80027770996094
. she always did , when anything touched her pride . , ” he said , “ i should go where he goes , and should assuredly find him again . monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” she said , fixing a gaze full of melancholy interest on the countenance of the officer , “ and i know you well . tell him this , rochefort . , ” said the duke . known of them , as soon as he assumed the uniform of the company , was as sure of his aid and support as if he had been his own brother . on the table . excuse : advancement , the opening campaign , the opportunity which i offer <unk> much for the world .	74.48646545410156
? ” said he . ” very guarded . old <unk> drinking . ” horse to let , whether it be good or bad . escape you would have to be turned into a bird . ” have a pie supplied you by the new confectioner opposite the castle , and who is no other than noirmont , your former maitre d ’ hotel . porthos . morrel , ” said he , “ we were somewhere between cape <unk> and cape <unk> , sailing with a fair breeze , <unk> after a week ’ s calm , when captain gaumard comes up to me—i was at the helm i should tell you—and says , ‘ penelon , what do you think of those clouds coming up over	188.45697021484375
there ? ’ i was just then looking at them myself . when the shot was fired . . that tomorrow i shall no longer suffer , is sweet to my heart . ” madame danglars , “ that is she . that it takes a day to see saint peter ’ s , and a month to study it . , porthos , ” said the gascon ; “ let me do what i please and do you what i do . ” ; and there is an old proverb that says , ‘ traveling <unk> <unk> ’ my faith ! thousand pounds . make your twelve thousand francs ? well that , after the succession of misfortunes which had befallen his father , great changes had	112.86091613769531
taken place in the style of living and housekeeping ; but he did not know that matters had reached such a point . but they took part with the princes without <unk> us of it . mazarin , “ but the coadjutor is not yet made cardinal ! ” i owe her portrait . ” by which the priest had entered reopened , and monte cristo appeared . the whites of their eyes . ; his eminence expects me in half an hour . ” the staircase creak on its <unk> clock gave its warning to strike <unk> door of his study opened . said d ’ artagnan , “ if these are the <unk> that are sent to you from tours , i beg you will make	106.10338592529297
my compliments to the gardener who <unk> them . ” , but that is all ; one thing alone struck me , —of all the exquisite things he placed before us , he touched nothing . , sir ? i ask no better , ” cried bonacieux ; “ i shall not be sorry to see the face of an acquaintance . ” of mousqueton , who was big enough to thrash four men of ordinary size . , he was in such trouble that i doubt if he can have retained a very clear recollection of me . ” since every one gives his own commands in our party , i shall end , if this goes on , by giving none at all . ” ,	108.72723388671875
without reckoning the doctor . you—— ” all , ” said mousqueton . a white dressing-gown pouring a liquor from a phial into her glass . and despair at the same time ? ” said a voice that seemed to come from beneath the earth , and , deadened by the distance , sounded hollow and sepulchral in the young man ’ s ears . ” asked porthos . to the palaces of italy , can amuse yourself by calculating in how many square feet a young man who is not the worst lodged in paris can live . stopped , and slept at an inn . was desirous of examining the appearance of this impertinent personage who ridiculed him . his underlings . ” ” he replied	152.3444366455078
. is olivain who leaves me ; you are to remain . ” took possession of the little garden . simpleton ! ” cried danglars , grasping him by the arm , “ or i will not answer even for your own safety . i was inactive ? ” agreeable possible , my dear sir ; he will allow you an income of 50,000 livres per annum during the whole time of your stay in paris . ” porthos . be signed ! ” cried morrel . ! ” said he . and she perceived felton . day they do them justice ; and supposing a second restoration , you would then pass for a great man . ” terror , that the uniform of the soldiers who	93.22150421142578
guarded her was changed . his way met the waiter . albert , in a low tone to monte cristo , “ do allow the signora to tell me something of her history . ’ artagnan to grasp the mercer by the throat and strangle him ; but , as we have said , he was a very prudent youth , and he restrained himself . the world , ” cried aramis , “ is that animal bazin doing ? the base man that has brought tears into your beautiful eyes ! ” is franz d ’ épinay or albert de morcerf has not much difficulty in procuring them . ” god ! ” murmured madame danglars . ? ” indeed ! look to see that his orders	89.48888397216797
were promptly and accurately obeyed , and then turned again to the owner . excused in case i should not be able to discharge my debt to all three ; for monsieur athos has the right to kill me first , which must much diminish the <unk> of your bill , monsieur porthos , and render yours almost null , monsieur aramis . felt his legs tremble under him . the english peculiarity , namely , in a blue coat , with gilt buttons and high collar , in the fashion of 1811 , a white <unk> waistcoat , and nankeen <unk> , three inches too short , but which were prevented by <unk> from slipping up to the knee . porthos , before crying out ; for	233.7814483642578
, on my word , you haven ’ t reached the end , ” said the gascon , in a jesting tone . and took their hands in his . him ; they merely stood aside to let him pass by , as usual , nothing more . time , monsieur , ” said the king , who , when his passions were raised to a certain point , could not dissemble ; “ i have learned some fine things concerning your musketeers . ” franz had ever seen a guillotine , —we say guillotine , because the roman _mandaïa_ is formed on almost the same model as the french <unk> the knife , which is shaped like a <unk> , that cuts with the <unk> side ,	140.04739379882812
falls from a less height , and that is all the difference . , i am sure it is your fault , some giddiness or folly . ” sir , always right , ” said anne of austria . for an instant locked in each other ’ s arms ; then athos , looking into his friend ’ s face and taking him by both hands , said : ? ” woman ’ s head appear at the window , but none of them , except athos , knew mme . him a baron , and can make him a peer , but he can not make him a gentleman , and the count of morcerf is too aristocratic to consent , for the paltry sum of two	87.9200210571289
million francs , to a <unk> . d ’ artagnan lowered his . ” cried raoul . , ” replied the prisoner . that cord which you see hanging against the wall , but pain prevented my continuing the pious exercise . ” contradict them ; besides , i might be deceived . ” have just had a wonderful escape from the most imminent danger , and i owe my safety to the very count of monte cristo we were talking about yesterday , but whom i little expected to see today . s first , and then to the colosseum , ” returned albert . happiness , was reading eagerly the tearful gaze of haydée , when suddenly the door opened . me again ! ” easy	125.66858673095703
if you much wished it ? ” been blind , and the minister of police has shared the general blindness , that is all . ” said the old man , ‘ aid me to bury my child. ’ carlini fetched two pickaxes ; and the father and the lover began to dig at the foot of a huge oak , beneath which the young girl was to repose . , who ever since our departure from france , has caused me to wait patiently for this happy day , while talking to me of you . ” ” said de chatillon , “ if you will take the trouble of coming so far as the gates of charenton . ” told you , in 1829 . ,	116.76966857910156
the turnkey retired . god forgive me , i have always sought to revenge my illustrious father . up ; by good luck it had not been extinguished . as the guardsmen were only two against four , they began to cry , “ to the rescue ! make him do it in the presence of two witnesses , do you ? ” be out of prison than i shall be master of paris . ” , or cause him to be <unk> care very little about that ! become so ? ” april , 1498 , be ... morcerf , “ there goes a happy man ! ” and it so happened albert was not mistaken in his opinion . the host , and will repeat to	136.60372924804688
him the word ‘ forward ! ’ ” <unk> , marquise de ganges , was one of the famous women of the court of louis xiv . bottles more . ” also , for monsieur du vallon—— ” can not survive without widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment . doubting if he really saw before him athos and aramis ; and forced at last to yield to evidence , he was on the point of breaking forth in exclamations when he encountered a glance from the eyes of porthos , the <unk> force of which he	318.90753173828125
was not inclined to dispute . turned , the chateau de la valliere appeared in view ; then , a quarter of a mile beyond , a white house , encircled in sycamores , was visible at the farther end of a group of trees , which spring had powdered with a snow of flowers . a strange emotion ; he trembled all over ; he seemed eager to put a question which yet he dared not ask . , ” said d ’ artagnan . my affair . man you take me for ; you are in captain rogers ’ s post , are you not ? the gascon , determined to confine himself to this specimen of the german tongue . year , and you know	132.64491271972656
, fernand , i have <unk> almost entirely on public charity . ’ ” said the officer , who covered a part of his face with his cloak . twenty-five or six , and held a piece of cloth , which , being a tailor , he was about to make into a <unk> . ” exclaimed mordaunt , “ they are friends , dear friends of mine , and i would lay down my life for them . ” mazarin , “ what are you about ? ” suppose , which you were anxious to conceal from the world at large ? ” him put to the test , ” replied raoul , “ but he is a <unk> , which promises something . ” can see	66.2890396118164
anything more than the <unk> chance in this meeting ? his friend ’ s entreaties , and bade him find a shepherd to send to rita ’ s father at frosinone . your people who love you and who yet are famished , who have no other wish than to bless you , and who , <unk> , i am wrong , your subjects , madame , will never curse you ; say one word to them and all will be <unk> succeed war , joy tears , and happiness to misfortune ! ” the island of monte cristo ; but dantès knew it , and had often passed it , situated twenty-five miles from pianosa , between corsica and the island of elba , and had once	166.12033081054688
touched there . do you a favor ; i use either hand easily . mistress to the false de wardes . ; it depends on circumstances which depend on certain arrangements . ” quesnel , baron d ’ épinay . ” , whom i like so much to see , especially where he now is , and you , monsieur d ’ artagnan , opposite to me . ” and ordering his wife to do the same with her broom handle , and the servants with their sticks , he set the first example of commencing an earnest search for the lost letter . said , “ bragelonne must be a charming place . went away . i have none to settle on her . oak ; the	148.91455078125
salon in mahogany , and the furnishings were of blue velvet ; the bedroom was in <unk> and green damask . , while he wiped away the sweat that started to his brow . ! ” replied the marquis , “ let us lose no time , then ! ” between the cardinal ’ s apartments and those of the queen ; and through this <unk> mazarin passed whenever he wished to visit anne of austria . as they always do . ” bazin , and places confidence in nobody but him ; any other person would fail . a guard of twenty men armed with long guns and pistols , and dressed in the costume which the greeks have assumed since they have again become a nation	157.3599853515625
. artagnan is a very brave man , mother , ” said the young king . the englishman . said the swiss , who , notwithstanding the admirable collection of oaths possessed by the german language , had acquired a habit of swearing in french . for liberty , as a guilty one would , nor for vengeance , as would a <unk> . to him and whispered in his ear : end of this worthy man ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . shall be <unk> in m. dantès ’ house , you will be at rest . road on full gallop . went to present his respects to m. dessessart , and inform him of his promotion . buckingham , “ god be praised ! make	94.4990463256836
their way through one of the gallery windows , and to let themselves down from the outer walls by means of the abbé ’ s ladder of cords . albert , a lovely girl whom i adored , and i was bringing to my betrothed a hundred and fifty louis , painfully amassed by <unk> toil . albert ; “ but let us walk . porthos when i saw near me a head which had been broken , but which , for better or worse , had been <unk> with plaster and with black silk . my misfortunes for you to treat them as <unk> ; that i may tell you my projects for you to go and betray them to my persecutor ? in the order in	156.7643585205078
which they were to die , first peppino and then andrea . glad not to fight them until to-morrow . ” power against death ? about it to the cardinal ’ s esquire likewise . gutenberg™ electronic works , and the medium on which they may be stored , may contain “ defects , ” such as , but not limited to , incomplete , inaccurate or corrupt data , transcription errors , a copyright or other intellectual property infringement , a defective or damaged disk or other medium , a computer virus , or computer codes that damage or can not be read by your equipment . ” said porthos , “ i am glad to hear d ’ artagnan admit that he is afraid . ”	292.8945007324219
upon , and so ascertain if the thing be true or not . ” be no delay , i shall borrow one of your horses . ” it is too late ; my throat is closing up . all , ” said the prince , laughing . aramis and porthos is treated of chapter xxxv . the case , my dear count : on the contrary . someone ? had never felt any remorse . had traveled for five or six hours without a rider the day before , might have been able to pursue the journey ; but by an inconceivable error the <unk> surgeon , who had been sent for , as it appeared , to bleed one of the host ’ s horses , had	116.0713119506836
bled mousqueton ’ s . of the castle d ’ artagnan found himself overlooking a beautiful valley , in which , at the foot of a charming little lake , stood several scattered houses , which , humble in their aspect , and covered , some with <unk> , others with <unk> , seemed to acknowledge as their sovereign lord a pretty chateau , built about the beginning of the reign of henry iv. , and surmounted by four <unk> , gilded <unk> . said , it was at least a league from the château d ’ if to this island . left it ? ” any time to lose , it is half-past <unk> us set off . ” the abbé , “ god is merciful to	140.97178649902344
all , as he has been to you ; he is first a father , then a judge . ” his forehead , as if to try his strength , as a man who is preparing to defend his life proves his shield and bends his sword . him , ” thought edmond , and taking the paper , of which half was wanting , —having been burnt , no doubt , by some accident , —he read : is a member of the club , ” said the president ; “ we shall be driven by a <unk> . ” had no intention of committing an indiscretion . ” approach the walls while playing ? ” , growing still paler . the comte de la fere ,	105.19026947021484
” said athos , rising and bowing respectfully to the duchess de chevreuse . , but i only speak of him in order that i may introduce the name of another man . had already seen , even through the narrow chinks of the wooden <unk> , the movement of the white robe , and observed the <unk> of the blue <unk> . he did not know had wished to take charge of it , had answered for its future , and had taken it away . ” said he , “ here is a proof of it . ” the swiss , who had needed a little time to take in d ’ artagnan ’ s proposal , “ pooh ! ; and however well made the	59.10376739501953
mask may be , with a little attention we may always succeed in distinguishing it from the true face . the other two came running around . gentlemen . ” the young man , saluting again and more profoundly , “ monsieur le comte has pronounced your name before me as an example whenever he wished to speak of an intrepid and generous gentleman . ” musketeers showed to d ’ artagnan that his words began to make some impression on them . overcome a wild beast like you ; in the name of that god i act , <unk> that , wretch , —and to spare thee at this moment is still serving him . ” to say so , ” answered dantès , smiling . must	160.8450469970703
have taken me for a madman , for i rushed at once to the stable . he had not uttered a word , so that it was not known to what country he belonged . to be pitied . , ” said d ’ artagnan , who when the gate was open deposited the key in his pocket , reckoning upon returning by that gate . morcerf and i have talked about this marriage , but madame de morcerf and <unk> ” worthy neighbor , caderousse , ” said dantès , “ he is so easily mistaken . ” today , ” remarked the governor ; “ you are not so always ; the other day , for instance , when you tried to kill the turnkey .	82.57501983642578
” he was , i would console myself ; but to be in the midst of persons elevated by myself to places of honor , who ought to watch over me more carefully than over themselves , —for my fortune is <unk> me they were <unk> me they will be nothing , and perish miserably from <unk> ! ’ épinay return ? ” very day . ” day was spent in preparations for departure . looked about at that moment for the rope of the famous bell ; but not finding it he summoned his resolution , and stretched forth his hands toward the place where the queen had acknowledged the paper was to be found . ” she said , “ and look for yourself . ”	115.59431457519531
great interest in him , asked him whence he came , who were his friends , and whether he had not sometimes thought of attaching himself to the cardinal . has not suspected me a single instant ? ” to his forehead . the castle , which it will be necessary to render impregnable in case of siege ; porthos will see to the provisions and aramis to the troops of the garrison . morrel had presented himself at the little door leading to noirtier ’ s room . milady would recognize in him the man of meung and of dover . to give an order to cahusac and houdinière . make ? ” said porthos . ? ” inquired athos . had no knife or sharp instrument	113.03681945800781
, the window grating was of iron , but he had too often assured himself of its solidity . would have been such a powerful protector to me in the days of your health and strength , can now only sympathize in my joys and sorrows , without being able to take any active part in them . as i think . ” and cemented the pedestal upon which his fortune was based . and a half , which , for the time , argued a very extensive <unk> . a loyal frenchman , thought accused of treason ; tell me where you are conducting me , and i promise you on my honor i will submit to my fate . ” lover , he cast on him	150.87013244628906
a look of deep meaning , while fernand , as he slowly paced behind the happy pair , who seemed , in their own unmixed content , to have entirely forgotten that such a being as himself existed , was pale and abstracted ; occasionally , however , a deep flush would overspread his countenance , and a nervous contraction <unk> his features , while , with an agitated and restless gaze , he would glance in the direction of marseilles , like one who either anticipated or foresaw some great and important event . remembrance of monsieur the cardinal . i am at your service . ” and drew forth a bag . to do so , your <unk> , ” replied the young man , returning	178.04620361328125
their salutation . i will stay ; i must do something to distract my thoughts . ” ” formal copy of a will , in order to give him an idea of the terms in which such documents are generally <unk> ; then , in order to test the capacity of the testator , the first notary said , turning towards him : s silence , then the carriage cleared the gate . ” said the prince . ? <unk> are you afraid , my dear blacas ? ” sir , and the secrets of confession , for instance , must remain between me and god , and not between me and human justice . ” minutes the monk turned around to ascertain whether he was followed or	104.89765167236328
not . ” continued d ’ arminges , “ to dinner ; ” for like most men of his age and generation he did not allow sentiment or sensibility to interfere with a repast . thank you ! ” of madame de villefort , ” he said to the nurse . hunger and infidelity ! ” and a bitter laugh escaped the count . chap of twenty-one mean with a fine <unk> of seventeen ? ” me when i tell you that , ever since i have known this man , i have involuntarily entertained the idea that all the good fortune which has befallen me originated from him . count , and availed herself of the first moment when the conversation became earnest to escape to her	161.9021759033203
study , whence very soon two cheerful and noisy voices being heard in connection with <unk> notes of the piano assured monte cristo that mademoiselle danglars preferred to his society and to that of m. cavalcanti the company of mademoiselle louise d ’ armilly , her singing teacher . <unk> of cloth upon which the abbé faria had spread the riches of his mind . athos , “ we depart alone . ” me well enough to give me one of those sweet means of death of which we were speaking ; a death without agony , a death which allows me to fade away while pronouncing valentine ’ s name and pressing your hand . ” ! settled ; mme . you to excuse me , m.	186.05215454101562
morrel . ? ” murmured villefort , clasping his hands . you are going mad , good bertuccio , ” said the count . suspended from the <unk> , scarcely ten remained . a painful task on me . it appears , are improved ; you have a capital <unk> own , i presume ? found on their return that the count of monte cristo , who had come to visit them in their absence , had been ushered into the drawing-room , and was still awaiting them there . o ’ clock under the pretense of being indisposed . , ” said the cardinal , “ that ’ s it . tis the height of ingratitude ; but your highness has never seriously thought of it ?	78.01429748535156
” it ? ” i go , will you go too ? ” on the <unk> . he , “ you are about to receive a visit from the chancellor , who will communicate certain matters to you with which i have charged him . ” trembling not for himself but for the poor woman who had evidently exposed herself to great danger by <unk> this rendezvous . knowledge of crime and criminals , every word the young man uttered convinced him more and more of his innocence . . ” of an hour . in the meantime ? ” the left of the road , which the dismal procession pursued , appeared a few low , stunted trees , which looked like <unk> <unk> crouching down to	100.8100814819336
watch men traveling at this sinister hour . and found a key ; and , understanding that was what he wanted , again watched his eyes , which turned toward an old secretaire which had been neglected for many years and was supposed to contain nothing but useless documents . i do not know the writing , and yet it is tolerably plain . is an original , who loves to look at the sky even at night . ” the faubourg saint germain , went down the rue <unk> , and stopped at the passage du pont-neuf . . ” ” replied raoul , smiling , “ i am obliged to you , but at this moment i want nothing but the things for which i have	118.97415924072266
<unk> i shall be very glad if the ink prove black and the pen good ; upon these conditions i will pay for the pen the price of the bottle , and for the ink the price of the pie . ” ” him . ” said monte cristo “ this spectacle is neither strange to my eye nor my thought . , is <unk> , but you have only to search for yourself and you will find , alas , but too many objects upon whom to exercise your benevolence . ” , gentlemen , that you will not attack me otherwise than one after the other . ” and find that young man with your daughter , he might be displeased . ” , with all	121.91141510009766
the patient solicitude of a mother , she watched for his return . to escape by flight had he seen any possibility of doing so . lost your senses . ” ’ s service , and a most singular change had taken place in his position ; he had at the same time risen to the rank of cashier , and sunk to the rank of a servant . horses and arrived , in fact , at about five o ’ clock in the morning . after my health ; i will candidly acknowledge that i am not well . ” said the cardinal ; “ and you , monsieur porthos ? ” dull noise of three balls which penetrated the flesh , a last cry , a	84.8517074584961
convulsion of agony , proved to d ’ artagnan that the would-be assassin had saved his life . a moment and i know that i belong to you ; but remember that you are not to strike till i give the signal . ” ” replied the queen ; “ the counsels of so prudent a man as yourself ought certainly to be available . ” fellow , you know i am starving , ” said debray : “ do not set him off on some long story . ” other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg™ works . i am in the king ’ s service , and that knowing he wanted to send some one to england , i solicited the appointment	88.2386703491211
, so great was my desire to know the man of genius who now <unk> the three kingdoms . ” replied the old man , “ i did not turn to that source for recreation or support . ” ” said milady , in her softest voice , and pressing his hand in her own , “ i am happy in the love which your looks and your words have expressed to me every time we have met . would be still better , ” said aramis , “ to inform the queen and lord de winter at the same time . ” here , and i shall die in my dungeon like faria . ” inquired , “ have you any relations ? ” a hollow voice	65.64994049072266
. i to him . reason , ” said danglars with a smile , which he tried to make <unk> , “ i prefer m. andrea cavalcanti to m. albert de morcerf . ” ” and debray and the baroness alone in the court , he asked : was attracted by this altercation . that i did know it , and i do not say that i did not know it . eyes of the musketeer , in spite of his efforts to <unk> it , terrified his sensitive <unk> . on , sir ? ” asked the notary of villefort . out this evening . ” bazin , ” cried aramis ; and aramis sprang into the saddle with his usual grace and agility , but after	61.38312911987305
a few <unk> and <unk> of the noble animal his rider felt his pains come on so <unk> that he turned pale and became unsteady in his seat . rome ? ” him , morrel remained an instant standing with his eyes fixed on the door ; then putting forth his arm , he pulled the bell . voice that he was a prisoner , a friend of the duc de beaufort , who called for help . should beat a retreat . providing for the safety of the baroness by disposing of the horses , does not seem to have made the least impression on her . eyes . , that ’ s the whole truth , on the honor of a sailor ; is not it	100.23622131347656
true , you fellows there ? ” a general murmur of approbation showed that the narrator had faithfully detailed their misfortunes and sufferings . my lord ! down the bag . friquet , <unk> ; “ ah ! here till seven . ” , ” he said to the groom . . him to become still darker and more dense , and heavy clouds seemed to sweep down towards him ; at the same time he felt a sharp pain in his knee . you should go that way ? ” we shall hear that our friend is released ! ” after this conversation the report was circulated that the prince de condé had arrived . you the other ; i will do my best . ” to	129.17916870117188
be enjoyed in his forthcoming <unk> bright , pure gleam of heavenly happiness it diffused over the almost deadly <unk> in which he had voluntarily engaged , illumined his whole countenance with a look of ineffable joy and calmness , as , immediately after villefort ’ s departure , his thoughts flew back to the cheering prospect before him , of tasting , at least , a brief respite from the fierce and stormy passions of his mind . ” to keep our word . a sharp strong blade , with a handle made of <unk> . sent where we are to go for it ? ” ” the ground , he was at the carriage-door . with that large quantity of <unk> which we know he possessed	241.50387573242188
, compared himself with de wardes , and asked himself why , after all , he should not be beloved for himself ? ’ artagnan . ” of nicholas de <unk> , who arrived in paris with twenty francs in his pocket , became secretary of state , and accumulated wealth enough to divide nine millions of francs among his children and to keep an income of forty thousand for himself . opinion of the count , and as franz well knew that albert professed never to form an opinion except upon long reflection , he made no attempt to change it . yes , i thank you with all my heart , ” said valentine ; “ and if you doubt the sincerity of my gratitude ,	128.9263153076172
oh , then , ask haydée ! always travelling . ” you ’ re a soldier . monte cristo , “ i allow of no excuse . it ; he even came to force m. danglars . been deceived ; these two men had only followed for the purpose of assassinating him , hoping that the young man ’ s death would be placed to the account of the enemy . , you wished to study music , under the celebrated baritone who made such a successful appearance at the théâtre <unk> ; at the same time i felt inclined to learn dancing of the <unk> who acquired such a reputation in london . not seem uneasy , and told me that though she had not seen him	114.99605560302734
for two or three days , she was sure he was well . ” , like that which precedes some awful phenomenon of nature , pervaded the assembly , who shuddered in dismay . by it on her part , for she added , “ my cousin will not return if he finds that we do not treat him kindly ; but otherwise he has so little time to pass in paris , and consequently to spare to us , that we must entreat him to give us every instant he can call his own previous to his departure . ” ” said mousqueton ; “ and five hundred feet from here is a small <unk> . ” , did greater execution ; but the bourgeois , more	128.6246337890625
numerous , overwhelmed them with a veritable hurricane of iron . , ” said he , “ a straightforward answer should be given . planchet , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ but what are you thinking of ? ” the price of a slave , do you imagine that i have ceased to be your king ? beautiful queen , and you will weep for me ? ” , my lord ? winter , whose voice they heard , whilst his men , quitting their ranks , dispersed all over the plain . to the contrary , if you look opposite , ” said the baroness , as she laughingly pointed to the beautiful greek . forget what i shall have lost ! ” at the	86.72889709472656
first pass i laid him <unk> dead . ” to have it ? any prosecution might be attended with serious consequences . ! passed her time in the chamber at the farther end of her apartments . the duke , “ here i think , is one of my servants who is seeking you . ” cried andrea , who seemed roused from the torpor in which he had been plunged . no time to lose , on account of the audience of the king , which was fixed for midday , he cast his eyes around , and seeing that the street was empty , said to his adversary , “ my faith ! of the d ’ <unk> at tarbes and in its environs , ”	99.34494018554688
said the cardinal ; “ to which do you belong ? ” porthos , <unk> . , and sprang up by the side of the coachman . cardinal de richelieu had drawn the duke of buckingham to paris to ruin him and to ruin the queen . ” turned towards the cemetery , where he felt sure of finding morrel . demanded the count , “ are all the forms complied with ? ” before he could distinguish the door , amid the red color in which the house was painted . he no longer possessed the confidence of his friend , or that athos was bound by some invisible chain , or that he had been forewarned of the lieutenant ’ s visit . porthos and aramis	83.5654067993164
. be at this moment at rueil and saint germain , ” said aramis . anne of austria , in an undertone , “ find some very dull book to read to his majesty , but do not undress yourself . ” he ; “ i will go with you . ” now are , we must perish . ” said the baroness , “ it would have been somewhat more gallant to have placed the ladies first . ” ? him and placed a pistol to his throat . , and does not resemble him at all . count , ” answered the mother , agreeably flattered , “ he has great aptitude , and learns all that is set before him . , ” replied andrea	70.28944396972656
, “ that you never make a good one ; but let us see your plan . ” title sounded on his ear he rose , and addressing his colleagues , who were members of one or the other chamber , he said : <unk> poet ? . ” my pretensions , ” said aramis . ” said m. morrel , “ i am not angry , quite the contrary , and i do not send you away ; but i have no more ships , and therefore i do not want any sailors . ” ? ” said the queen . <unk> ’ ll get there . ” is ready . the hall , the thick veil which concealed her face dropped off , and madame danglars	61.43373107910156
was recognized . the doors strong , and the bars solid ; besides , your window opens immediately over the sea . yourselves ? ” replied one of the horsemen . said the king , “ i understand you . the same , ” murmured monte cristo , “ only now it is broad daylight instead of night ; it is the sun which <unk> the place , and makes it appear so cheerful . ” yesterday monsieur de wardes , in a saloon where i was , showed a ring which he said he had received from you . ” far superior to many clerks who work ten times harder than you do for their money . la ramee tries them with me . he , “	124.82929992675781
one never has too much money . in an hour . ” ? ” is the matter with you , my friend ? ” said porthos . , but what matters it ? ” added monte cristo . of what was going on ; but he told us we were scoundrels to doubt a gentleman ’ s word , and that as he had said the horse was his , it must be so . ” robbed and murdered , did you not ? ” the valet de chambre , and returned with him in an instant . do you ask ? eh ! ” stammered caderousse . is a dead man ! ” cried raoul , for it was in fact he , who , feeling himself	68.02432250976562
pressed and almost crushed by a gigantic citizen , pricked him with the point of his sword and sent him howling back . believe him to be eternal , like god , although less patient . ” said monte cristo . nearly equal as to numbers , issued from behind the hill and came full gallop toward it . remember , ” replied the countess . think of this ? ’ he asked in a low voice . minister , then ? ” said mazarin . cough , stretch out your arm . ” necessary for your eminence to do what the other day you declared you should have done in our <unk> , ‘ down with mazarin ! ’ ” return to the world still more brilliant	129.3045196533203
because of your former sorrows ; and if i am wrong , still let me cherish these hopes , for i have no future to look forward to . and he put his hand on his sword . ; come , i shall engage your passage . ” look implied , “ i told you it would be so. ” then he slowly uttered these words , “ who is now dying in your house ? their seats towards a small table , on which were arranged music , drawings , and vases of flowers . moved aside , and a nubian , black as ebony , and dressed in a plain white tunic , made a sign to his master that all was prepared in the dining-room	136.84043884277344
. faith in my counsels she ought to profit by this event to address at this moment , in favor of her august husband , the court of france . ” said he . , ” said porthos and aramis , hoping he would choose one of them . have you made me for all the submission and obedience i have evinced ? <unk> whatever . ? ” said the major . never mind that , ” said the italian ; “ it is not worth the trouble . ” circumstance to <unk> the women . bounded towards the door . of the amours of madame de bois-tracy ? ” said d ’ artagnan , wishing to have the air , in the eyes of the citizen ,	71.90582275390625
of being posted as to court affairs . like a true mercer , not being at all a military man , as he himself informed us . t it ? , but , as no one came , i determined to find one for myself . an instant to see if there was anything to hope from further entreaty . price for all our provisions . ’ the question as to its being the interest of anyone to hinder you from being captain of the _pharaon_ . sleeping ; two of them were singing in a corner , out of tune , the psalm : “ on the rivers of babylon . ” in the cabin as in the pavilion ; but as the cabin was his last	155.55679321289062
resource , he knocked again . go back on my word , and i will give 45,000 . ’ there is that letter ! ” cried the queen , with a broken and trembling voice ; “ take it , and deliver me from your odious presence . ” ’ s <unk> ” ? ” crime will profit , ’ says an axiom of <unk> . ” am , gentlemen ; sit down at the table and let us drink . but turning her beautiful head round upon her pillow , she burst into tears , and uttered <unk> sobs . ” said athos , who never used <unk> and <unk> but upon very particular occasions , “ what has happened ? ” understand it at all .	101.52325439453125
” duc d ’ antin removed in a single night a whole avenue of trees that annoyed louis xiv . the young man , turning pale . said d ’ artagnan , whom the positive tone of m. de tréville began to disquiet , “ the devil ! from father to son ; for the singular clause of the only will that had been found , had caused it to be regarded as a genuine relic , preserved in the family with superstitious veneration . hand to hand , money from the king , and was not the least in the world humiliated . for bringing down a man in proper style . ” you know him already . ” entrance to the enclosure , and was not	129.01412963867188
long in finding a little wooden gate , working on willow hinges , and fastened with a nail and string . for the reception of a woman ; and the most finished coquette could not have formed a wish , but on casting her eyes about the apartment , she would have found that wish accomplished . do then ? ” in the hands of the guards , who led him , while awaiting further orders , to a little terrace commanding the sea ; and then the baron hastened to the duke ’ s chamber . disturb my grandmother ’ s last <unk> ! ” , he took the road to the governor ’ s country house . ” you please , mr. notary . ” now	136.08082580566406
for suspicions , ” said athos . minutes the vessel begins to roll heavily and settle down . , sir , ” replied comminges ; “ at first , like you , he seemed distressed ; but when he heard that the cardinal was going to pay him a visit this very <unk> ” which , upon a sign from grimaud , monsieur de beaufort had consented to play , began in the afternoon . , ” was edmond ’ s reply ; and , embracing his father , and nodding to caderousse , he left the apartment . accident . can hardly tell , but i was alluding to those who wrote the letter ; you received one , did you not ? ” king asked the	103.52838897705078
cardinal when this fête should take place ; and every day the cardinal , under some pretext , deferred fixing it . down the columns , and when she came to the word “ will , ” m. noirtier ’ s eye bade her stop . athos , “ and we will return to that subject later , if such be your pleasure ; but what for the moment engaged my attention most earnestly , and i am sure you will understand me , d ’ artagnan , was the getting from this woman a kind of _carte blanche_ which she had extorted from the cardinal , and by means of which she could with impunity get rid of you and perhaps of us . ” ! <unk>	162.72947692871094
i am saved ! ” ” said mousqueton , “ that we have nothing to fight <unk> with but <unk> bread and hop beer . mine at eleven o ’ clock this evening . d ’ artagnan , “ you did not really wish to kill ; you only wished to imprison him . ” beggar , as i have said , my lord , who asks for alms , as he gives holy water ; a practice he has carried on for six years on the steps of st. eustache . ” about half an hour ago ; the opportunity is favorable to avoid an explanation . ” on a physical medium , you must return the medium with your written explanation . countess perceived franz ,	108.07496643066406
and graciously waved her hand to him , to which he replied by a respectful inclination of the head . not forget it , because you are a man of honor , morrel , because you have taken an oath , and are about to do so again . ” well to sleep here and to start again very early to-morrow . ’ s creature , my lord . see her ? ” . ” of me , cunning rogue ! ” thought gondy . ? ” asked de guiche . peppino . , the executioner of lille ! ” cried milady , a prey to <unk> terror , and clinging with her hands to the wall to avoid falling . supper . carriage . thought will always	82.56324768066406
be defined by the <unk> of jean jacques <unk> , —you remember , —the <unk> who is killed five hundred leagues off by raising the tip of the finger . that , i could only know what i was told respecting the <unk> with which the vessel was laden . ? ” from its rapidity , of which morcerf had formed no previous idea . with what concerns me , and i know how to make believe that i haven ’ t seen what does not concern me ; but i hate hypocrites , and among that number i place musketeers who are abbés and abbés who are musketeers ; and , ” he added , turning to porthos “ here ’ s a gentleman who ’ s	200.46546936035156
of the same opinion as myself . ” become one of the family , you can ask him that question . ” , ” said caderousse , <unk> . and decided , ” answered he . the little bell sounded . monte cristo in an indifferent tone , “ you will do as you please , count , for you are the master of your own actions , and are the person most concerned in the matter , but if i were you , i would not divulge a word of these adventures . are , madame , ” said villefort , whose pale cheeks became slightly flushed as he gave her the assurance . ! ” said aramis , “ our late adventures have disgusted me with	76.80696105957031
military life . shall have the right of <unk> myself ; at present i shall appear to sell myself . ” with ali , entered hurriedly , and by the servants ’ staircase , of which he had the key , gained his bedroom without opening or <unk> a single curtain , without even the porter having the slightest suspicion that the house , which he supposed empty , contained its chief occupant . us all , and we avow it to you ! ” ” replied the count . and mademoiselle d ’ armilly . seemed to awaken a new throng of ideas , which sprang up with the flying <unk> of the sea . the troops . certain uneasiness , “ did you meet them ?	139.62197875976562
” a dream , that i stretched my hand towards the bell ; but when i did so , the shade disappeared ; my maid then entered with a light . ” a man knows more about politics than a woman , particularly such as , like you , monsieur bonacieux , have conversed with the cardinal . , monsieur chevalier . confused dreams respecting the two meetings he had already had with his mysterious <unk> , and in waking speculations as to what the morrow would produce . out the abbé , “ all is over with me . carpet , when the count sprang forward and raised her . valentine , “ you can neither go out by the front door nor by the garden .	160.7911376953125
” he had fallen on his chair ; it was evident that his legs refused to support him . , nothing about me , my lord ? ” <unk> for your punctuality ; ” and he offered a chair to madame danglars , which she accepted , for her heart beat so violently that she felt nearly suffocated . we are by our narrative , we must leave our three friends to themselves , and follow the duke of buckingham and his guide through the <unk> of the louvre . no risk , for , as i told you , i will stay here ; so there is no chance of my escaping . ” to the king without having read a single word of it . find	82.32831573486328
them instantly , and let all be done tonight ! has come from palermo , naples , or rome to france by sea must know it , since he has passed close to it and must have seen it . ” d ’ artagnan , “ tell us all about it . ” previous evening from the <unk> <unk> to the little church of <unk> maria del popolo , had passed the night , each accompanied by two priests , in a chapel closed by a grating , before which were two sentinels , who were relieved at intervals . , we will tell hereafter whom it carried , and how it set sail . said milady , coolly , “ such a woman may be found .	124.76848602294922
” ” answered the soldier , in a strong provincial accent . by a few moments ’ private conversation ? ” to pray ; do not strike then . ” sir , ” said planchet , overwhelmed with joy ; “ if i were still capable of serving you . ” say , what has become of him ? ” name struck me , because i also have known that gentleman , and it appeared strange to me to meet with a person who appears to know him well . ” his arm to porthos . interpreted , owing to the fog , was the cause of this error . ” all , ” said aramis . in repairing your negligence ? ” asked franz . as if	70.22103881835938
all her strength was exhausted , milady sank , weak and languishing , into the arms of the young officer , who , intoxicated with love , anger , and voluptuous sensations hitherto unknown , received her with transport , pressed her against his heart , all trembling at the breath from that charming mouth , bewildered by the contact with that palpitating bosom . tastes united to greater magnificence . work , the sound of horses <unk> in the yard , and the wheels of a carriage shaking his window , attracted his attention . much ? ” responded the woman , with an expression impossible to describe ; ‘ i thought it was for something else . ’ of my journey and of my credit .	188.0712127685547
to disobey the law , that was to risk his head , that was to make at one blow an enemy of a minister more powerful than the king himself . bazin had the folly to make himself verger , as you know , and therefore can not leave notre dame . strokes from its sonorous jaws . , ” said athos ; then in a lower and more gentle voice , he added . , and in that singular manner so peculiar to <unk> , <unk> ; he almost immediately got up and took his leave ; then , for the first time , i observed the agitation of my grandfather , and i must tell you , maximilian , that i am the only person capable	115.7364501953125
of <unk> emotion in his paralyzed frame . paris , we shall still have four hundred , besides the harnesses , ” said porthos . pastrini ? ” him ? ” the rolling of the carriage , which at the approach of the musketeers set off at a gallop . , i will execute it , provided it is not to kill the man , for mercédès has declared she will kill herself if dantès is killed . ” she gave it me last night . she , “ the language which i speak with my grandfather may be easily <unk> , and i can teach you in a few minutes , to understand it almost as well as i can myself . quay to match a piece	96.69510650634766
of <unk> cloth , when i met friend danglars . only crimes , ” said she : “ there are certain virtues which he pursues more severely than certain <unk> . ” memory , sir , to recollect dates so well . ” living in england , my lord , especially as envoy extraordinary . ” that this communication may relate to your marriage ? ” terrible ! ” and m. de boville retired with this exclamation , after expressing acute sympathy with the father . mademoiselle paulet , bitterly , “ he ! said aramis , “ i am alone in the world and have only your majesty to serve . ” he in a solemn tone , “ i consider your glove thrown , and will	131.85821533203125
return it to you wrapped around a bullet . said athos , astonished . ” know i quit the seminary ? ” asked athos . s nothing , ” said d ’ artagnan . the last struggle ? ” asked m. d ’ avrigny . , then , nearly in these terms . ” the duc d ’ angoulême . the keeper of the seals ; he has the right of entry at the tuileries , and can procure you audience at any hour of the day or night . ” i dreamed each night the same dream . with you there . that necessary task . , he did not , however , lose sight of him , and when the curtain fell at the end of	63.669193267822266
the second act , he saw him leave the orchestra with his two friends . then ? ” read it thus : comfortably furnished . names of those three musketeers ? ” opens before me ? ” thought the dying man ; “ that angel resembles the one i have lost . ” you mean , ” said franz , laughingly . the baroness very rarely comes to the house , and my mother , has not , i think , visited madame danglars twice in her whole life . ” succeeded ? ” ; i like dantès . gather from the expression of his eyes whether porthos understood the importance of that visit , but porthos did not even look toward him . though it should come	125.95979309082031
from the profoundest depth of my heart , that can express my gratitude . ” replied d ’ artagnan . he whispered to him , “ that you will follow his majesty ’ s example and not get killed for your folly in this den . ” me to give orders in your name throughout this business ? ” ” said he to them , “ what a blood-red color the moon has to-night ? ” porthos and aramis also to remain in the rear , and advanced alone . ! so learned a person as yourself would prefer absolute solitude to being tormented with the company of one as ignorant and <unk> as myself . replied villefort ; “ i say that this marriage <unk> be consummated	135.6610565185547
. ” it interests me very much , ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ and at this moment i have absolutely nothing to do . ” . blood , the king ’ s uncle ! ” and searched the dwelling , but in vain . he lifted the gourd to his mouth ; then paused with hand in <unk> . did well to come back . ’ ! madame . just said , —a man of high distinction . ” sir , ” answered de chatillon , with as much hauteur as aramis . cruel accusations against you . every day of those fourteen years i renewed the vow of vengeance which i had made the first day ; and yet i was not aware that you	85.04702758789062
had married fernand , my calumniator , and that my father had died of hunger ! ” , the queen and laporte remained each in the same state and almost in the same place , where they were listening and waiting . double-barrelled gun , and two more with my pistols , but i was then disarmed , and two were still left ; one seized me by the hair ( that is why i now wear it so short , for no one knows what may happen ) , the other swung a <unk> , and i already felt the cold steel on my neck , when this gentleman whom you see here charged them , shot the one who held me by the hair , and	176.328125
cleft the skull of the other with his sabre . know yet . ” playing in the garden ; go and see . ” ” said the curate , mechanically . and saw that he was followed by another man . will be , ” said caderousse , “ as surely as dantès will be captain of the <unk> , danglars ? ” same . ” 31 . continued , “ was intimate with a young <unk> from tours , a cousin of his , named marie michon . ” husband : say , then , to husband the means you have , however large the sum may be ; but you ought also to endeavor to perfect yourself in the exercises becoming a gentleman . this moment	106.92414093017578
i have done with the past , and accept nothing from <unk> even a name , because you can understand that your son can not bear the name of a man who ought to blush for it before another . ” of the sailor , that he was unable even to thank edmond , whose receding figure he continued to gaze after in speechless astonishment . give him that card and this sealed paper . d ’ artagnan , “ who will attend you in your campaigns ? ” much as i , madame ? ” said d ’ artagnan , deeply piqued . the officer , and upon his refusal , uttered such pitiable cries that the officer told him that if he continued to <unk> him	120.82814025878906
thus , he should put a gag in his mouth . . ” animated group was a musketeer of great height and haughty countenance , dressed in a costume so peculiar as to attract general attention . aroused the young girl from the stupor in which she was plunged , and which almost amounted to insensibility . little table , on which were ink , paper , and pens . shall always be what i am , and therefore it is that i utter the things you have never heard , even from the mouths of <unk> kings have need , and other persons have fear of you . to wound him . ” said grimaud , writing down his figures . to your heart than to your	162.7165985107422
experience , m. bertuccio . perhaps , ” said the comte de salvieux , one of m. de saint-méran ’ s oldest friends , and chamberlain to the comte d ’ artois , “ that the holy alliance purpose removing him from thence ? ” wanted misfortune to change my love for you to admiration . ; ” and the count took a bottle from his pocket , containing a red liquid , of which he poured a few drops into the glass . calmer . experience a little uneasiness . uniform of the guards , which , next to that of the musketeers , was most admired by the ladies . you by his dignity . ” monsieur . ” for you , if what you assert	111.26359558105469
be true , ” said the abbé ; “ for i am firmly persuaded that , sooner or later , the good will be <unk> , and the wicked punished . ” of this contract , as i performed mine , you bought me from the scotch , cheaply , i know , and that does honor to the <unk> talent of your government . cried aramis . arm tremble as he assisted her into the carriage . mm . whose <unk> nature received and betrayed each fresh impression . of giving him fresh strength , deprived him of it ; the pickaxe descended , or rather fell ; he placed it on the ground , passed his hand over his brow , and remounted the stairs ,	163.91258239746094
alleging to himself , as an excuse , a desire to be assured that no one was watching him , but in reality because he felt that he was about to faint . pastrini , “ i am delighted to have your approbation , but it was not for that i came . ” , how rightly i spoke when i said i required a <unk> to guide me in all my <unk> and doings here . ” , _pardieu ! _ it is not difficult to divine that , after all you have told me . , “ the cause of this event ? ” he was already partially exposed to view , he stepped back and concealed himself completely , remaining perfectly motionless . to perish	108.4529037475586
! i will instantly return it to you . by some means , no doubt , of my return . sir , you were in fact a medical man , ” said madame de villefort , “ since you had cured the sick . ” ” whispered franz , “ that you entertain any fear ? ” are right , logically speaking , ” said maximilian ; “ but the gentle voice which usually has such power over me fails to convince me today . ” , or the next day after , the third attack may not come on ? ” said valentine , “ i should take you for a visionary , and should tremble for your reason , if i were always to hear you	86.80742645263672
talk in a strain similar to this . ” replied faria , “ to free me if what i tell you prove true , and i will stay here while you go to the spot . ” and went to work . our prisoner . ” appearance she expressed much astonishment at seeing planchet . danglars received a most flattering epistle from the count , in which he entreated her to receive back her favorite “ dappled grays , ” <unk> that he could not endure the idea of making his entry into the parisian world of fashion with the knowledge that his splendid equipage had been obtained at the price of a lovely woman ’ s regrets . me true ? ” asked the wounded man .	169.7559356689453
fetch me ? said he , “ here is a strange thing ! ” said louis xviii . ” ” said château-renaud . ” athos , to the man , in english . reopened his eyes , and hope revived in all hearts . was well attended , he looked at them sternly , and made a sign with his eye and hand for d ’ artagnan to follow him . deign to repeat the words i but imperfectly caught , i shall be delighted to answer , ” said m. de villefort . , ” said debray , “ but for a friend i might , perhaps . ” that for you , blacas , ” continued louis xviii . some time previously , and had even	65.40241241455078
challenged him to fight me ; but he refused . ” danglars , ” said one of the party , turning towards him , “ of this event ? ” your moans behind me in the bed , and i dared not turn around . ! in the evening , it is well known , the streets in provincial towns are very little frequented . . ” , because that woman , i profoundly hold , deserved her punishment . , that i speak to you in the queen ’ s name . you have no idea what pleasure it gives me to hear you speak thus , ” said morcerf . m. de saint-méran ; madame de saint-méran two months since ; the other day it was	94.06260681152344
barrois ; today , the old noirtier , or young valentine . ” , i swear to you . ” , my dear mousqueton ? ” he said . eyes sparkled with joy . . saved ! ” cried she . and act so that we may from time to time hear you spoken of . ” observed franz , “ that with such stories you make me think of ali baba ’ s enchanted cavern ? ” sir , ” replied the governor ; “ and this remark proves that you have deeply considered the subject . , barrois returned , bringing the notary with him . one of them ; the handkerchief was thrown down , and the iron-heeled shoe replaced on the foot of the	100.9123764038086
wretch to whom it belonged . unexpected visit signified a desire to make up for the sharp words he had uttered during the day . the rapid gallop of a troop of horsemen . that he would provide for him so that he should never want for anything in future . up to the last moment . ” ” seen in a position which left no doubt of their intentions . of what was going on in the chateau , wondered that the idea had not occurred to him sooner . unprotected by copyright law in the united states and you are located in the united states , we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying , distributing , performing , displaying or creating derivative	168.3919219970703
works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed . at the same time as his letter . ” a crime is today a title to favor . ; then he understood , and putting his hand into a drawer , he took from it a quantity of notes on a bank in lyons . ” ” cried porthos and aramis in a breath . albert ; “ your breakfast shall be waiting . ” <unk> ” replied d ’ artagnan , totally unable to refrain from laughing at the pitiable face of the host . deeply than before . the kindness to take my purse , which i left on the mantelpiece . ” see . ” ” said villefort with	89.348388671875
marked uneasiness , “ do not disturb yourself . ” honor , monsieur , ” said d ’ artagnan . ; but it is something that you believe so . , the gendarmes released him . danglars , becoming pale . ’ s name ? ” manner , colonel , ” said d ’ artagnan . , i retire . ” speak ! ” wrote , requesting him to excuse the <unk> gift of a capricious millionaire , and to beg the baroness to pardon the eastern fashion adopted in the return of the horses . found him sound and without blemish . say is , that my mother is not quick to give her confidence , but when she does she never changes . ” hastened to	70.85904693603516
take advantage of this permission . and entered , followed by the young man . on horseback turned slowly and with a lofty air , and the two travelers could see , displayed in all their brilliancy , the large eyes , the <unk> visage , and the eloquent smile <unk> . forget , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ to bring up four bottles of the same sort for the two english gentlemen . ” for me to make a note of these particulars , for there , before my eyes , beneath my feet , all around me , i have the plan sketched with all the living reality of truth . ” , ” replied villefort with hesitation , “ that human nature being	94.86189270019531
weak , every man , according to your creed , has committed faults . ” if i could believe i might trust in your discretion . ” he went into the courtyard , seated himself on a stone with his head bare and exposed to the blazing sun . long circular benches , reposed the elect ; that is to say , those who were called . advance she whispered to the lackeys , “ a thousand pistoles to each of you , if you will assist my escape ; but if you deliver me up to your masters , i have near at hand <unk> who will make you pay dearly for my death . ” we not ? ” to you in consequence of the confidence	136.39349365234375
placed in you , and which does you honor . ” cried d ’ artagnan , more moved than he had been for a long time , “ don ’ t despair , my friend , if you have not received any letters from the count , we have received one . ” his ‘ joy ’ —you style me your ‘ love , ’ —and both of you have called me ‘ my child . ’ ” up a silver bell , and rang it ; the officer entered . firmly believe that he knew of my wish to possess this horse , and that he lost expressly to give me the means of procuring him . ” profit by this opportunity to see the ceremony ;	133.67666625976562
and porthos , in full dress , mounted his finest horse , taking the part of supernumerary musketeer , as d ’ artagnan had so often done formerly . all , madame , you know that the son of fernand has publicly insulted me , ” said monte cristo with awful calmness . the possession of this piece of iron than he had ever felt for anything . young wife had inspired him was a secondary sentiment , and was not strong enough to contend with the <unk> feelings we have just enumerated . not tell you all ? the point whence the light came , and to all the excitement of his dream succeeded the calmness of reality . the arbor of the hôtel des postes ,	130.52027893066406
at perugia , seeing a man in a brown cloak , whom your stepmother was questioning upon _aqua tofana_ ? not prevented your sending for me to play me some trick . ” , ” continued louis xviii. , still annotating . a street , he pointed to a small house , isolated , solitary , and dismal . ” said the doctor , “ i did not know that i had a rival ; but i hope , governor , that you will show him all proper respect in consequence . ” , ” said mordaunt , looking at them with an expression he vainly <unk> to soften , “ my soldiers will guard them , and guard them well , i promise you . ” ;	128.83590698242188
the carriage continued to roll on with rapidity ; the officer seemed a statue . going to do in paris ? ” the antechamber , although he had no one with him , for the simple reason that the king ’ s procureur always makes everyone wait , and after passing a quarter of an hour in reading the papers , he ordered m. morrel to be admitted . guards received bonacieux in their arms from the officer who supported him . ran was , that the jailer , when he brought him his supper at seven o ’ clock , might perceive the change that had been made ; fortunately , twenty times at least , from misanthropy or fatigue , dantès had received his jailer in	134.89974975585938
bed , and then the man placed his bread and soup on the table , and went away without saying a word . been warned of his visit , as he expressed no surprise at the sight of porthos , who advanced toward him with a sufficiently easy air , and saluted him courteously . concerning the copyright status of any work in any country other than the united states . his pistols and carbine , and ali , standing near him , held one of the small arabian <unk> , whose form has not varied since the crusades . artagnan was not altogether new to mazarin , who , although he did not arrive in france before the year <unk> or <unk> , that is to say	155.67262268066406
, about eight or nine years after the events which we have related in a preceding narrative , * fancied he had heard it pronounced as that of one who was said to be a model of courage , address and loyalty . weapon ; and besides , i am on my guard . then ; we need no witnesses . ” visits to make and a letter yet to write . drew a smile to franz ’ s countenance ; although he could but allow that if anything was likely to induce belief in the existence of vampires , it would be the presence of such a man as the mysterious personage before him . ” listen . ” ” said villefort , turning pale . d	137.1782684326172
’ artagnan , loud enough for the servant to hear him , “ are you satisfied with olivain ? ” to ! lys rolled its waters like a river of molten tin ; while on the other side was a black mass of trees , <unk> on a stormy sky , invaded by large <unk> clouds which created a sort of twilight amid the night . , and cheer my solitude . d ’ artagnan , “ on quitting tarbes and coming hither , it was my intention to request of you , in remembrance of the friendship which you have not forgotten , the uniform of a musketeer ; but after all that i have seen during the last two hours , i comprehend that such a	134.0904083251953
favor is enormous , and tremble lest i should not merit it . ” least , fearful of it . at the gate by which they sought to enter the city , but athos replied , in excellent english , that they had been sent forward by colonel harrison to announce to his colleague , monsieur bridge , the approach of the king . as usual , unmoved . , so handsome , so elegant , so <unk> ” as though living a life of <unk> , yet at the same time am so conscious of my own weakness that i fear to break the restraint in which i am held , lest i fall utterly helpless . . you contrive to make that ? ” inquired dantès	139.35479736328125
. gutenberg ebook twenty years after *** not equal , with your superior intelligence , infallible eye , your arm of iron and your enterprising mind ! ” artagnan had thought , it was not dangerous . and true in his own nature , that he believed everybody ’ s professions of friendship . ” said the countess , “ and my fears are weakness , especially when directed against a man who has saved your life . of it ? , accompanied her . let us change the subject . ” must be saved ; as for my body , it is lost . ” , addressing raoul , “ if you are not too tired , follow me . ” porthos in the same sense as	105.79712677001953
if it had still been in the year <unk> and related to the true cardinal . athos drank enough for four , and without appearing to be otherwise affected by wine than by a more marked <unk> of the brow and by a deeper sadness . , that on the table round which they were sitting were pens , ink , and paper . scene with amazement ; he was evidently accustomed to see his prisoners tremble before him , and yet here was one whose gay temperament was not for a moment altered ; as for franz , he was enchanted at the way in which albert had sustained the national honor in the presence of the bandit . , ” said athos , “ let them	181.56658935546875
follow us . ” much , perhaps , for i have no title to request it . accompany them . , ” replied athos ; “ but no doubt i was <unk> ” and he returned d ’ artagnan the ring without , however , ceasing to look at it . took the precaution of drawing out your money the day before yesterday ; it is not long ago , you see , and i was in continual expectation of being called on to deliver up my accounts . of magnificent <unk> , with the same arms as the sword and the portrait , formed a middle ornament to the mantelpiece , and <unk> badly with the rest of the furniture . , and remained gazing intently on	104.7051010131836
the scene before him without uttering a word . like ; so much the worse for those who fear wine , for it is because they have bad thoughts which they are afraid the liquor will extract from their hearts ; ” and caderousse began to sing the two last lines of a song very popular at the time : . ” a fee or distribute a project gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement , you must obtain permission in writing from the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , the manager of the project gutenberg™ trademark . distribute this work in any binary , compressed , marked up , nonproprietary or proprietary form , including any word	313.9700622558594
processing or hypertext form . grimaud is an old and zealous servant ; he will follow you . ” ’ s glance , it had served to give him an idea of the man he was about to interrogate . . is , about half-past twelve , madame danglars ordered her carriage , and went out . ” said d ’ artagnan , half rising and bowing ; “ you are my landlord ? ” on the young girl with an expression which proved how little he understood such ferocious honor . the count , “ that is a most conjugal <unk> ; i recollect that at rome you said something of a projected marriage . ” said d ’ artagnan , affecting surprise ; “ is that	88.23004913330078
possible , my god ? —good and beautiful as you are ! ” , who was not completely taken in by d ’ artagnan ’ s <unk> . the cardinal , and m. de tréville was informed that the king was busy and could not receive him at that moment . ! ” the circumstance of a fragment of granite giving way and falling heavily below ; but it seemed to him that the substance that fell gave way beneath the pressure of a foot , and also that someone , who endeavored as much as possible to prevent his footsteps from being heard , was approaching the spot where he sat . supported him , but when he reached a certain height this new aid failed him	138.0622100830078
. draw his sword ; porthos put his back into the sheath . by his frondist hat . ” cursed me then , ’ i cried , ‘ since he permits me to save the life of a human creature , in exchange for the life i have taken away . ’ ” watched him carefully ? ” remarkable beauty of the young woman , m. lucien ? ” inquired eugénie . ejaculated , “ italian ! not confound prudence with cowardice ; prudence is a virtue . ” the door of the cabinet to the street gate , the whole hôtel was boiling . put down his helm , in order to leave la pianosa to <unk> , as he knew that he should shorten his course	152.2994842529297
by two or three knots . i please , felton , let me act as i please , ” said milady , elated . , if i order you to live , morrel , it is in the conviction that one day you will thank me for having preserved your life . ” aramis found himself opposed to two adversaries . directly . you spoke of vigilance and protection . upon him , when the queen sank , half fainting , into the arms of her women . of ’ 93 , who said to napoleon , in 1814 , ‘ you bend because your empire is a young stem , weakened by rapid growth . the symptoms may be much more violent , and cause me to	167.69847106933594
fall into fearful convulsions , foam at the mouth , and cry out loudly . soil his boots with this artificial <unk> , <unk> them rather sharply . aramis and porthos . does not necessarily make a man a coward . from the château d ’ if , and they are firing the alarm gun , ” replied dantès . , <unk> , st. augustine , and gall , have made , in verse and prose , the comparison you have made , and yet i can well understand that a father ’ s sufferings may effect great changes in the mind of a son . the other , “ if this last resource fail you ? ” this <unk> had been one of his own <unk> a	179.73464965820312
sure means of testing the extent of the change which time had worked in his own appearance . athos , “ we have another reason ; it is <unk> : in france at this moment everything is poor and paltry . suit you ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . , i don ’ t know <unk> the bastille or fort l ’ evêque . a breakfast this morning , and here i am . i had the fancy of going to africa . ” ! days of revolution , were distinguished ; faces were seen that only appeared on days of bloodshed . ” said the guard to the two cavaliers , “ that the duc de beaufort has arrived in paris ? ” from these three	100.58704376220703
different men , comminges , guitant and villequier , confirmed him in his conviction that in case of serious <unk> there would be no one on his side except the queen ; and then anne of austria had so often deserted her friends that her support seemed most precarious . be alone , to weep and to sleep . displayed a friendship for you , albert ? ” she asked with a nervous shudder . and gave it to grimaud , who tied la ramee in such a way as to satisfy him . in a comrade ’ s way ? ” said caderousse . invited and their carriages had crowded the court since noon ; then after dinner the queen was to have a play in her	192.40499877929688
apartment . herself . him , count . ” , money and tranquillity were restored to you , and you , who had been condemned to a felon ’ s life , might live as other men . a gentleman . , ” resumed the gascon , when the valet had retired , “ that he did not meet the other one . ” famous vampa for more than ten years . knew me , do you let me die ? ” . <unk> carefully , for perhaps the evil may not stop here . often heard whispers of things that seem to me most <unk> father a bonapartist , the son a royalist ; what can have been the reason of so singular a difference in parties	122.04850769042969
and politics ? ” need of an escort ? not there , gentlemen ? he , “ i will read to the bottom of your soul whenever you like ; don ’ t let that disturb you. ” and he gave her a kiss at which the poor girl became as red as a cherry . , danglars , ” said caderousse , winking at his friend , “ this is how it is ; fernand , whom you see here , is a good and brave catalan , one of the best fishermen in marseilles , and he is in love with a very fine girl , named mercédès ; but it appears , unfortunately , that the fine girl is in love with the mate of	114.80517578125
the _pharaon_ ; and as the _pharaon_ arrived <unk> , you understand ! ” is he ? ” horses , i am particularly anxious to preserve the harnesses . ” he to the priest , “ i shall keep this cross in my hand till the last moment . her ? ” with the same grace with which he had <unk> the first , took his beaver and followed d ’ artagnan . and , with a fresh breeze from the <unk> , they sailed beneath a bright blue sky , in which god also lighted up in turn his beacon lights , each of which is a world . chances ; i will give you the signal . ” all the guests simultaneously . square epistle ,	118.01306915283203
resplendent with the terrible arms of his eminence the cardinal duke . aramis , smiling . by certain signs , to recognize a door , and approaching that door , “ and now , monsieur , ” said she , “ it is here i have business ; a thousand thanks for your honorable company , which has saved me from all the dangers to which , alone , i was exposed . ” interrupted d ’ artagnan . shot at this moment would be paid for dearly to-morrow . ” , he did not budge from his apartment . of <unk> . to accompany you . bethune gave me a reply . ” . cried , “ they have not wounded , but perhaps they have robbed	87.54017639160156
me ! ” and he thrust his hands into his pockets . baker toward heaven , and the curate did the same . i to do with that ? ” industry ; i study the useful arts . her <unk> did not doubt that a single instant ; but how long might this exile last ? , and still another half-hour was passed in waiting , while morrel walked to and fro , and gazed more and more frequently through the opening . he , “ let us go to valentine ; i will give instructions to everyone , and you , m. de villefort , will yourself see that no one <unk> from them . ” . ” is a name , not a thing . ”	114.6427001953125
” asked he , “ any intention of holding this hunting party yesterday ? ” my horse ? ” the money in my hands at four and a half per cent nearly five years ago . ” could scarcely breathe , she rose and went towards a looking-glass . fellow . ” louis xiii . so mournful a tone that their real meaning did not escape albert ; he felt his heart beat , and taking his mother ’ s hand within his own he said , tenderly : the count , “ since no one hears me complain . ” with a foreigner than with a frenchman . by the host wringing his hands , and followed by planchet with his musketoon ready for use , he	153.76568603515625
approached the scene of action . , as you wished , and waited , not for the decision of your heart or my own , but hoping that providence would graciously <unk> in our behalf , and order events in our favor . ? my lord ; but since i am neither king nor queen nor minister , he is not my enemy and i can not accept your offer . ” <unk> all difficulties , and i have only to ask you , my dear m. de morcerf ” ( these words were accompanied by a most peculiar smile ) , “ whether you undertake , upon my arrival in france , to open to me the doors of that fashionable world of which i know no	134.17221069335938
more than a <unk> or a native of cochin-china ? ” had cleared the quai from the pont neuf to the quai saint michael , he raised his sword for them to double their speed . ; she came three times , whilst i was a child , to my nurse ’ s house ; i remember the last time she came as well as if it were to-day . ” chariot and pulled the silk cord which was attached to the coachman ’ s little finger . the first step of the door and , with his hat in hand , prepared to pass by the two friends , motioning to the four men to follow him . ? ” , you shall not commit suicide .	107.85071563720703
” me , and want to try me ! ” said d ’ artagnan , whom anger began to take by the hair , as <unk> takes achilles , in the <unk> . afterward . ” ” to remove the object ; it was a fan which madame de villefort had left in the carriage ; this fan awakened a recollection which darted through his mind like lightning . time , so he had a game of <unk> with the <unk> , lost three crowns , and then to console himself drank a bottle of <unk> . porthos , glancing affectionately at his sword , still hanging on the wall ; “ we can wait for him ; let him come . ” leave . causes : ordinary	99.7282943725586
man . later m. morrel appeared and was saluted with an enthusiastic burst of applause from the crew of the _pharaon_ , who hailed the visit of the shipowner as a sure indication that the man whose wedding feast he thus delighted to honor would ere long be first in command of the ship ; and as dantès was universally beloved on board his vessel , the sailors put no restraint on their tumultuous joy at finding that the opinion and choice of their superiors so exactly <unk> with their own . yesterday about escaping , you <unk> me so that i dreamed that i was trying to escape and broke my neck in doing so . ” queen , and according to custom accosted her with fresh	319.14208984375
menaces against those who surrounded her . rest brought his friend “ sinbad the sailor ” back to his recollection , and that was the mysterious sort of intimacy that seemed to exist between the brigands and the sailors ; and pastrini ’ s account of vampa ’ s having found refuge on board the vessels of smugglers and fishermen , reminded franz of the two corsican bandits he had found supping so <unk> with the crew of the little yacht , which had even deviated from its course and touched at porto-vecchio for the sole purpose of landing them . greater pleasure than that of fulfilling her grandmother ’ s last <unk> ; there will be no obstacle from that quarter , i assure you . ”	252.5305633544922
invited you to join them at the piano ? ” said danglars to andrea . the room . my misfortune . ” do not obey that i punish , and not those who , like you , <unk> too well . mademoiselle danglars never to commit herself by being seen in public with one destined for a theatrical life ; and acting upon this principle , the banker ’ s daughter , though perfectly willing to allow mademoiselle louise d ’ armilly ( that was the name of the young <unk> ) to practice with her through the day , took especial care not to be seen in her company . the count ; “ but did you think there was anything particular in his look ? ”	131.92462158203125
d ’ artagnan , “ let us go . ” be considered as your accomplice . ” arose . and the man disappeared . ” but never do them . ” , with his finger , the four muskets piled near the drum , on which were the cards and dice . ? ” eugénie expected , and even advanced some steps to recognize the person who was going out , but seeing a young man striking his boot impatiently with his <unk> , he opened it immediately . think so , ” answered the other ; “ he ’ s too stupid to imagine such a scheme . d ’ artagnan ’ s skill with the sword , began to weep and tear her hair . ,	83.93040466308594
” said d ’ artagnan , quietly shutting the window , “ it is not worth while weeping yet , for probably an hour hence there will not be one of your <unk> remaining in the palais royal , whether they be venetian or parisian . ” ” replied bonacieux , in a sepulchral tone . separately , and , intoxicated by their crime , though still pale with fear , they sought all over the cavern to discover if there was any fear of fire , after which they amused themselves by rolling on the bags of gold . have heard it , and to enlighten <unk> make their appearance in the ante-chamber , where about a dozen noblemen were collected in waiting . with joy .	151.52166748046875
was in a court surrounded by high walls ; he heard the measured tread of sentinels , and as they passed before the light he saw the barrels of their muskets shine . ” he resumed ; “ what a fine plain for <unk> shooting . ” have said , hastened back to madame de saint-méran ’ s in the place du grand cours , and on entering the house found that the guests whom he had left at table were taking coffee in the salon . hands he played with the louis , bending and <unk> them again , as if they were made of pewter . your assistance ! ” rose higher and seemed to drive before it the last rays of the expiring day ;	157.15931701660156
at last the reflection rested on the summit of the mountain , where it paused an instant , like the fiery crest of a volcano , then gloom gradually covered the summit as it had covered the base , and the island now only appeared to be a gray mountain that grew continually darker ; half an hour after , the night was quite dark . get killed where we are told to go . name ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . had gazed sufficiently on this picturesque tableau , he raised his finger to his lips , to warn him to be silent , and , ascending the three steps which led to the corridor of the columbarium , entered the chamber by the middle arcade	171.8639678955078
, and advanced towards vampa , who was so <unk> on the book before him that he did not hear the noise of his footsteps . that the charming traveler was—— ” so , d ’ artagnan ? ” no , i declare it is not ! ” cried the young girl , while raoul turned pale at the idea of his being perhaps the cause of her disaster . woman of whom he had spoken the evening before , and who had just arrived ; this woman entered , and approaching milady ’ s bed , offered her services . ” replied the sergeant , “ their vehicle has broken down a second time ; it really must be doomed . ” and breathless , within twenty	92.13956451416016
paces of the ground , while the patrol passed beneath them laughing and talking . i am going instantly , ” interrupted the duchess , “ to send for the prince de marsillac , who is happily , in paris just now . devil who taught it you , was it not ? ” do ? respective characters . ” butcher ’ s , two oxen to the <unk> , and make one of them understand that his companion will not die ; the sheep will <unk> for pleasure , the ox will <unk> with joy . chicken , ” said aramis . for heaven ’ s sake , are your eyes like cats ’ , that you can see to work in the dark ? ” each	130.73175048828125
other , ” replied monte cristo ; “ i introduce no one , and certainly not m. cavalcanti . ” going . ” . shame at my name ; dead , you may raise your head and say , ‘ i am the son of him you killed , because , for the first time , he has been compelled to break his word . ’ ” perceived the queen he escaped from laporte and ran to meet her . said danglars , addressing caderousse , “ the turn things have taken . ; be assured we shall not . ” away with horror , and waited , with the dew of fear upon my brow . far in advance , out of the range of the balls	82.51786804199219
. <unk> ’ s one pays twenty-five lire for common days , and thirty or thirty-five lire a day more for <unk> and feast days ; add five lire a day more for <unk> , that will make forty , and there ’ s an end of it . ” on the fourth floor , he paused to inquire whether caderousse the tailor still dwelt there ; but he received for reply , that the person in question had got into difficulties , and at the present time kept a small inn on the route from bellegarde to beaucaire . do , gentlemen ; for i was among those who seized him in the garden at amiens , into which monsieur putange , the queen ’ s <unk>	242.58197021484375
, introduced me . done ? ” said andrea , disappointed . said mordaunt . , you noticed on the evening of the ball we gave , that m. de monte cristo would eat nothing in our house . ” to spare his life , and i will take upon myself to promote his happiness . ” was with a poet . villefort , with a sneer . porthos . ! ” he uttered , and reflected for a moment ; “ shall i ring ? , sir ? ” inquired raoul . he was lying on the deck . , whom a glance thrown upon the coast of france has made us lose sight of for an instant . the wiser , ” said athos . club	76.76506805419922
is rather a bore to the police . ” cried one of his companions , “ don ’ t try to make us believe you obtained that baldric by paternal generosity . our intelligence , our life , in short , that we promised . monte cristo , “ he begins to conceal his losses ; a month since he boasted of them . ” of nature , ” said monte cristo . the window facing the square had been thrown open , and the people had seen silently advancing from the interior of the vast chamber , first , a masked man , who , carrying an axe in his hand , was recognized as the executioner . and she found him so altered that she was	122.5382308959961
even more anxious than before to have him taken to her own home . by sighs to consolations which she knew did not come from my father ’ s heart . monsieur bernouin , if you wish to do what will be pleasing to your master , announce to her majesty that i have come , and tell her with what purpose . ” one of these marked beings ? ” whose <unk> name of <unk> his master had changed into the infinitely more sonorous name of mousqueton . old man , “ ask me nothing ; for if i dared tell you what i have seen , certainly no good would befall me . ” villefort , how would you advise me to act ? ” asked	100.80363464355469
he . showing your <unk> ” the duke meant to say “ affection . ” honor ! ” cried his majesty ’ s guardsman . order , sir ; let us do things in order . ” mazarin shook his head slightly , as much as to say , “ this is a man who does not appear to me fit for much . ” de villefort uttered an expression of pleasure , and , holding the child still closer towards her , she said : was talked of as near and certain , and the jolly sailors were having a <unk> . , sir ! ” tomorrow . ” i have a ring likewise . ” said he , ‘ demand thy child of carlini ; he	96.91727447509766
will tell thee what has become of her ; ’ and he returned to his companions . dear viscount , you are fated to hear music this evening ; you have only escaped from mademoiselle danglars ’ piano , to be attacked by haydée ’ s guzla . ” aramis . , during which he strove to collect his thoughts . . her , then ? ” other times ? ” said the queen . in leaving as in entering the house . said porthos , “ remember the first letter you wrote me , and which i preserve engraved in my memory . ” are watching over you and the hour of your deliverance is at hand . concern , <unk> captivity ? ” the door ,	88.55716705322266
and took from the hands of the chambermaid a cup which contained two or three spoonfuls of the syrup , he then carefully closed the door . , to inform you , sir , at the request of m. de villefort , that your projected marriage with mademoiselle de villefort has changed the feeling of m. noirtier towards his grandchild , and that he disinherits her entirely of the fortune he would have left her . ” continued the prisoner , “ that your highness will swear that my life shall be safe . ” of so many questions ? a pressure of the hand in public , and a sweet kiss in <unk> ” full of this idea , villefort ’ s face became so joyous ,	114.3837661743164
that when he turned to dantès , the latter , who had watched the change on his physiognomy , was smiling also . ; but as regards myself , i can find no merit i possess , save that , as a millionaire , i might have become a partner in the speculations of m. <unk> and m. rothschild ; but as my motive in travelling to your capital would not have been for the pleasure of <unk> in stocks , i stayed away till some favorable chance should present itself of carrying my wish into execution . your life ; you yourself presented him to us . to remember his exact words . come to prove the perfect innocence of our colleague . second husband ; and	230.7768096923828
your first is still living . villefort ; “ a faithful servant of the king does not know conspirators . ” would prevent the villain from the attempt , and m. de monte cristo would lose the opportunity of discovering an enemy whom chance has revealed to him who now sends this warning to the count , —a warning he might not be able to send another time , if this first attempt should fail and another be made . ’ ” , even then , and made them fly before him ! the old man and made him inhale a powerful restorative . noirtier eagerly . ” said raoul , “ as long as i possess the happiness of having you for a protector , shall i	160.90188598632812
<unk> i have the right of freeing myself from a guardianship so valuable to me . favorable to the minister ; i said to myself that a minister is never loved , but that with the genius this one was said to have he would eventually triumph over his enemies and would make himself feared , which in my opinion is much more to be desired than to be <unk> ” six pistoles ? ” ; receive me , oh , my lord ! ” cristo acts <unk> to m. de morcerf , and is justified by his son ! on deck , as the boat was about to double the island of elba . in coming from the yard to this place ; then my strength gave	125.15119934082031
out and i fainted again . ” dear aramis , ” said d ’ artagnan , who detested verses almost as much as he did latin , “ add to the merit of the difficulty that of the <unk> , and you are sure that your poem will at least have two merits . ” when i left his <unk> ” the three friends , turned his steps that way . and among others , m. danglars , your banker . elapsed in these <unk> , and edmond had become as skilful a <unk> as he had been a hardy seaman ; he had formed an acquaintance with all the smugglers on the coast , and learned all the <unk> signs by which these half pirates recognize each	128.27427673339844
other . ; drink to his health , ” he added , filling caderousse ’ s glass , “ and do not interfere with us . ” , who , with blaisois , mousqueton and grimaud , promptly joined them , leaving parry behind them , who was to take back to london the horses of the gentlemen and of their lackeys , which had been sold to the host in settlement of their account with him . could not last long , and continued to look with all his eyes and listen with all his ears . to her , then , to make your request . public room , i saw one of our englishman <unk> with a dealer for a horse , his own having	111.28307342529297
died yesterday from bleeding . taking his handkerchief steeped it in the blood of the martyred king . , and through a <unk> in the shutter they saw bonacieux talking with a man in a cloak . speak , in order that he might be spoken <unk> milady very well knew that her greatest seduction was in her voice , which so skillfully ran over the whole <unk> of tones from human speech to language celestial . wrongly interpreted ; i did not mean to say— ” ” said the banker , stopping the young man ; “ do you hear that delightful <unk> ? and that tomorrow , before ten o ’ clock , i shall see what color his is . ” . appetite , looking	148.79197692871094
now and then at poor raoul , who with moist eyes and a full heart , scarcely ate at all . , pursued his way with the indifference of a man upon whom such acts of folly made no impression . , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ we didn ’ t know enough to make our profits ; this , however , doesn ’ t concern you , with your forty thousand francs income , the happiest man in the world , it seems to me . ” , —two , perhaps , into silence . by the explosion , tottered on its base . avenge you of this wretch , ” replied d ’ artagnan , giving himself the airs of don <unk> of <unk>	119.70413970947266
. do not think it is his right one . ” as franz had no reason to suppose it was meant for him , he suffered albert to retain it . , and was about to pledge myself by any promise he would dictate , but he stopped me . me to console , at one and the same time , the man who could not be a father , and the prisoner who could not get free . ” mournful silence , his heart overflowed , and he gave way to a flood of tears . his sweetmeats , and drink his wine ; but , by jove ! said planchet . have done all that we could . ” wish . . , who looked at	82.11448669433594
her with such tenderness that her eyes again filled with tears , whose sources he thought must be exhausted . although he protested against it . ” misfortune ! ” exclaimed the duchess , playing carelessly with her fan . t swear . ” t stir , turn your back to the road and wait for me . ” and of flexible silver . , was not— ” sighed . . ” within 60 days following each date on which you prepare ( or are legally required to prepare ) your periodic tax returns . m. franz d ’ épinay , ” said the count ; “ is he not the son of general de quesnel , who was created baron d ’ épinay by charles x. ?	174.41725158691406
” the hand of aramis . you have the misfortune to turn your head while your right-hand correspondent was <unk> ” ? ” at each other with terror . ” murmured mme . ; she acted like a woman who <unk> up her resources . by that ? ” silence , and from the moment that their course was changed not a word was spoken . alone with m. de villefort ? ” anyone who would set him at liberty . ” rising , and leaning forward in his chair , merely stretched out his arm and , taking the damp , crushed glove from the clenched hand of the young man : time . ” brother has been involved in a quarrel , and killed in a	94.15118408203125
duel . twenty paces of the shore , the man on the beach , who carried a carbine , presented arms after the manner of a sentinel , and cried , “ who comes there ? ” in sardinian . words , so firm , yet dignified , the shades which by one word he had <unk> , recalled to her the past in all its intoxication of poetry and romance , youth , beauty , the <unk> of love at twenty years of age , the bloody death of buckingham , the only man whom she had ever really loved , and the heroism of those obscure <unk> who had saved her from the double hatred of richelieu and the king . give my last sou for	153.00022888183594
it . over this man . a <unk> , not even an hour before your departure ? ” of your old master ? ” said monte cristo . carconte . am in a worse humor than usual , ” replied danglars . they are waiting for the cardinal , or rather for bernouin , who comes to call them when the cardinal goes out . ” , prudent as you are , think , if you were to be arrested with that handkerchief , and that handkerchief were to be seized , would you not be compromised ? ” the originator of the project gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone . your wife , with madame de chevreuse ,	83.43405151367188
and with my lord duke of buckingham . ” , ” cried flamarens . otherwise , my dear bonacieux ? ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ trust me , i am fully grateful for such unparalleled conduct , and if , as i told you , i can be of any service to you— ” his old friend , danglars assumed his majestic air , and settled himself in his easy-chair . mil ... saw a kind of greenish paste , something like preserved <unk> , but which was perfectly unknown to him . ” pursued the count , addressing franz , “ do you also depart tomorrow ? ” permission , and the door was closed behind him . is permitted to a human creature to	102.80274200439453
be , ” replied maximilian . d ’ artagnan , what do you want ? ” dantès . it be directly ! ” exclaimed the young man . renounce his excursion for this evening ? ” was required of her , threw over them her weeds , encircled them with coral , and encrusted them with shells ; the whole was cemented by two hundred years beneath these almost impervious depths , for a revolution carried away the emperor who wished to make the trial , and only left the documents proving the manufacture of the jars and their descent into the sea . their good fortune in meeting such a man . and beating the atmosphere with its mighty wings ; from time to time a flash	162.7110137939453
of lightning stretched across the heavens like a fiery serpent , lighting up the clouds that rolled on in vast <unk> waves . to a shadow of his former self by constant <unk> . ” a vocabulary of the words i knew ; turned , returned , and arranged them , so as to enable me to express my thoughts through their medium . duke ? ” cried richelieu . . by that , monsieur ? ” as it did from a man generally so polite and respectful , struck a mortal blow at the pride of villefort . , and the plates of japanese china . king , in a low voice , as the others were retiring , “ as you have no room in the	135.37680053710938
musketeers , and as we have besides decided that a novitiate is necessary before entering that corps , place this young man in the company of the guards of monsieur dessessart , your brother-in-law . so to an old friend like me , caderousse , as you said just now ; you are a native of marseilles , i am—— ” his lower lip in a most extraordinary manner . and this victory rendered him so audacious , that all the money of assunta , whose affection for him seemed to increase as he became more unworthy of it , was spent in caprices she knew not how to contend against , and follies she had not the courage to prevent . hour the governor had appointed ,	242.71966552734375
footsteps were heard on the stairs . the prisoner , “ what talk is there of war with spain ? ” running through the streets and knocking at doors , aramis had joined his companions ; so that on returning home d ’ artagnan found the reunion complete . out of this chamber isn ’ t everything . ” it is not you who should apprise m. danglars , it is i . ” he darted from the room , followed by the count . minutes to <unk> ” , athos . ” no other place to fear but the traitor ’ s cross ; the carriage was taking the direct road to it . said aramis , “ makes our belief in them a law ; the	110.3881607055664
ghost of <unk> appeared to <unk> , and it is an article of faith that i should be very sorry to see any doubt thrown upon , porthos . ” . , and there is nothing more to detain us now but the good pleasure of the great man to whom we were sent . ” come back as minister , come back surrounded with guards who will defend you , with servants who will watch over you , and then i shall no longer fear for your days , and i shall be happy in seeing you . ” arm , yet he strikes without remorse . ” groslow ; “ it is impossible . ” said the cardinal , laughing , “ almost beat the italians	87.4954833984375
in effrontery . ” do know him , ” cried julie , “ can you tell us where he <unk> we can find him ? , and the moment arrives , i will come to you , count . ” , my god , i thank thee ! ” me ? ” ; i ’ ve ten guards behind me , don ’ t you hear them gallop ? men understand by instinct , but which reason is powerless to explain ; in such cases the greatest poet is he who gives utterance to the most natural and vehement outburst of sorrow . fears he entertained with respect to her majesty ; he related to him what he had heard of the projects of the cardinal with regard	145.4092559814453
to buckingham , and all with a tranquillity and candor of which m. de tréville was the more the dupe , from having himself , as we have said , observed something fresh between the cardinal , the king , and the queen . ? ” comprehended that this was his recompense . i expected nothing less from the justice of your majesty . you think that we ’ ve got them this time ? ” of the two and give me yours . ” will have yellow draperies . ” ? ” so ? of very <unk> mien , with a pointed nose , with yellow and <unk> cheek bones , with eyes small but keen and penetrating , and an expression of countenance resembling at once	145.62367248535156
the <unk> and the fox . the paper containing the <unk> article , and had passed the morning in writing letters and in trying a horse . ” rochefort ? ” ” , maximilian ? ” asked he ; “ you are pale , and the perspiration <unk> from your <unk> ” morrel fell into a chair . my dear m. caderousse , ” said monte cristo ; “ what are you doing here , at such an hour ? ” that this transformation was visible only to the prisoner ’ s feverish imagination . <unk> ’ caderousse followed him slowly to the threshold . no longer king , ” cried the queen . go , another to return , four days of quarantine , and forty-eight hours	81.44353485107422
to stay there ; that makes three weeks . with the englishman ? ” trademark license , especially commercial redistribution . it was the messenger from albert . half had gone by and no favorable change had taken place , and dantès began to fancy the inspector ’ s visit but a dream , an illusion of the brain . bearing , pricked by danglars , as the bull is by the <unk> , was about to rush out ; for he had risen from his seat , and seemed to be collecting himself to dash headlong upon his rival , when mercédès , smiling and graceful , lifted up her lovely head , and looked at them with her clear and bright eyes . boy , when	194.01394653320312
a man has been proscribed by the mountaineers , has escaped from paris in a <unk> , been hunted over the plains of bordeaux by robespierre ’ s bloodhounds , he becomes accustomed to most things . price we are not agreed about . ’ dear friend , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i think you said ‘ pardieu ! ’ ” about twenty or twenty-two years , active and lively , the true _soubrette_ of a great <unk> from the step upon which , according to the custom of the time , she was seated , and took her way toward the terrace upon which d ’ artagnan had perceived lubin . you are making ; one has offered a wealthy shopkeeper , the other	131.44696044921875
a count ; you are going , then , to offer a prince , are you ? ” one of these visions had ever addressed her in a living voice , and she was about to utter an exclamation . of his own cell and that of dantès , with the passage which united them . me to do ? ” piece of glass in his hand , said : “ sharp . ” de la fère , milady de winter , ” said he , “ your crimes have wearied men on earth and god in heaven . to me , athos , ” said he . , examined , scrutinized , but found nothing , or at least very little ; not exceeding a few thousand	77.02386474609375
crowns in plate , and about the same in ready money ; but the nephew had time to say to his wife before he expired : ‘ look well among my uncle ’ s papers ; there is a will . ’ with him and the count of morcerf , so you see i have some high connections and were i to cultivate them a little , we might meet in the same drawing-rooms . ” which i discovered in the pocket-book of the messenger . the taxes <unk> imposed and to which the parliament had made opposition , was the necessity of sustaining the honor of france and the uncertain hope of beating the enemy . recall me to myself , maximilian , ” he said ;	157.615234375
“ i was delighted to see you again , and forgot for the moment that all happiness is fleeting . ” is there surprising in that ? ” in heaven ’ s name , ” exclaimed the young man , “ what are these weapons for ? ” but , see , here they come with the syrup of violets . ” had but to put forth his hand , his eminence had rarely recourse to such means . me . ” beauty alone remained . with dantès ; he examined the register , and found the following note concerning him : hands of athos with an anguish difficult to be described . you are too good a politician not to understand the rest , mordaunt . ”	109.83868408203125
man grows young again in his children . ” said caderousse , ‘ we are not rich enough to lose 5,000 francs . ’ the leader in a whisper , “ god bless his majesty ! ” and all these men , who had entered enraged , passed from anger to pity and blessed the royal infant in their turn . then reigned in the house . said , had traced the marks along the rocks , and he had noticed that they led to a small creek , which was hidden like the bath of some ancient <unk> . do better . done ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . <unk> , necklaces , parti-colored scarves , embroidered <unk> , velvet <unk> , elegantly worked stockings ,	137.88766479492188
striped <unk> , and silver buckles for the shoes , all disappeared ; and gaspard caderousse , unable to appear abroad in his <unk> splendor , had given up any further participation in the <unk> and <unk> , both for himself and wife , although a bitter feeling of envious discontent filled his mind as the sound of mirth and merry music from the joyous <unk> reached even the miserable hostelry to which he still clung , more for the shelter than the profit it afforded . nodded to albert , then remained a moment absorbed in deep meditation . place , his yacht is not a ship , but a bird , and he would beat any <unk> three knots in every nine ; and if he	359.6407470703125
were to throw himself on the coast , why , is he not certain of finding friends everywhere ? ” tone he would be happy to die ; and as every prisoner is worth ten sous a day to his jailer , he replied in a more subdued tone . told me that you had a secret to confide in me . place , this woman i have described must be found who is desirous of avenging herself upon the duke . ” , ” said aramis . , while fernand grasped the handle of his knife with a convulsive clutch . is too dangerous a place for me to wish him to retain it . , which sounded like the sob of a broken heart , and	154.3462371826172
leaning from the coach he called out , “ good-bye , <unk> shall soon meet again ! ” then the vehicle disappeared round one of the turnings of fort saint nicholas . all the night without being discouraged ; but after two or three hours he encountered an obstacle . that is very extraordinary in it , ” replied d ’ artagnan . and looked around him suspiciously , whilst grimaud knit his brows and approached the wounded man , whose worn , hard features awoke in his mind such awful recollections of the past . , madame . camp , “ come down ! dying man , “ that they may not separate us if you save me ! ” i have but one question more to	183.3525848388672
ask , and i charge you , in the name of honor , of humanity , and of religion , to answer me candidly . ” . fortune , without protection , without a future , unless the eye of my queen , which i have sought so long , rests on me for a moment . . by a thousand details , tried to catch the gascon ’ s eye ; but he , with his wonted prudence , had mingled with the crowd . , and passed different companies on the road , they became aware that they were arriving near the field of battle . as well take mousqueton . , ” replied the marquise ; “ let the past be forever forgotten . crossed	123.64237213134766
a grand saloon , entered a library , and found himself in the presence of a man seated at a desk and writing . sworn to take him dead or alive , i am <unk> by you ! ” truth ; but a mother has twofold sight . we have said , athos had sworn not to stir a foot to equip <unk> out early in the morning , and returned late at night . , to give me an idea of what it is . ” , ” replied porthos ; “ i understand now why aramis advised me to strangle that horrible mordaunt . ” ? ” porthos , looking around . dwelt was situated between the rue cassette and the rue <unk> . have been	110.49917602539062
talking about me ? to baron danglars , chevalier of the legion of honor , and member of the chamber of deputies ? ” , ready either to attack or to stand on his defense . , ” returned beauchamp ; “ for i <unk> him without knowing what he does . at the end of the <unk> strip about a week ago . , and if i occasionally become a confidant of the intrigues of others i am sure your eminence will approve of my keeping them secret . ” a theological quarrel , ” replied aramis , making a sign to d ’ artagnan to keep secret the cause of their duel . stupor creeping over him which brought with it a feeling almost of content	133.5559844970703
; the gnawing pain at his stomach had ceased ; his thirst had abated ; when he closed his eyes he saw myriads of lights dancing before them like the <unk> ’ <unk> that play about the marshes . in monsieur dessessart ’ s guards , and this gentleman is in the company of monsieur de tréville ’ s musketeers . head thrown back , hands extended , gaze fixed , looked silently at this dreadful apparition ; then seeking the wall to support him , he glided along close to it until he reached the door , through which he went out backwards , uttering this single mournful , lamentable , distressing cry : , have you not ? ” , this way ! ” he cried	220.49267578125
, directing his course toward the gate that had been pointed out . very happy in owing any obligation to you . ” for the purpose of laying a snare for him ? minute directions as to their route . reconciled with the court i shall prove to you , i hope , that i remain your friend , as well as that <unk> the devil are their <unk> ’ artagnan and porthos ? ” to give you any explanation you desire . ” in the expression <unk> thanks ! ” , andrea , a charming young man , about your own age , viscount , bearing the same title as yourself , and who is making his entry into the parisian world , aided by his father	126.8604507446289
’ s millions . greedy glance which shone in the dark eyes of his neighbor . porthos . ) night before to change their <unk> . a look of ineffable tenderness , while barrois , who had remained in the room in the character of a man privileged to know everything that passed , smiled on the youthful couple as he wiped the perspiration from his bald forehead . it would not be astonishing . ” for my father , who had fallen at the siege of arras , and the uniform was granted . laporte , in order to turn the subject , “ to whom does your majesty wish me to give the candle ? ” see if by rummaging all my pockets you can find	119.00798034667969
forty pistoles ; and if you can find them , bring them to me . won back the equipage , ” cried athos . next <unk> princess charlotte , a beautiful , <unk> child , with tears in her eyes , and the duke of <unk> , a boy eight or nine years old , whose <unk> eyes and curling lip revealed a growing pride . give you the satisfaction of a gentleman if your scheme turns out as ingenious as you assert . ” she give you for entering all alone ? ” reckoned without the wind . to the first . shown to him with the same attention that he had bestowed on the curiosities and strange tools exhibited in the <unk> at marseilles as the	180.66746520996094
works of the <unk> in the south seas from whence they had been brought by the different trading vessels . eagle takes no heed of the sparrow . the prince to his eminence . ” tearful eyes towards monte cristo as she said with touching earnestness , “ whether <unk> return to the east , you mean to say , my lord , do you not ? ” crush under the wall ? ” had been his jailer . felton , “ we are safe . ” declivity to the south , yonder on my hill , gives me twenty <unk> . ” <unk> with fond and filial remembrances , his heart beat almost to bursting , his knees tottered under him , a mist floated over his	181.81793212890625
sight , and had he not clung for support to one of the trees , he would inevitably have fallen to the ground and been crushed beneath the many <unk> continually passing there . words with this man which the traveller did not understand , but which evidently concerned him . been so long preparing , which i have <unk> with so much care and toil , is to be crushed by a single touch , a word , a breath ! dress , was accompanied by his royal highness , m. le comte de <unk> , by the grand prior , by the duc de longueville , by the duc d ’ <unk> , by the comte d ’ harcourt , by the comte de la <unk>	129.9877471923828
, by m. de <unk> , by m. de <unk> , by the comte de <unk> , and by the chevalier de <unk> . , but that is seven or eight years ago , and i have forgotten them . ” ’ clock in the evening ; an <unk> light , through which an autumnal sun shed its golden rays , descended on the blue ocean . wait for an answer . upright young man . ” cried the gentleman ; “ begone then , on your part , and i will depart as quickly on <unk> ” and bowing to the lady , he sprang into his saddle , while her coachman applied his whip vigorously to his horses . to his attendant , who drew near	85.71058654785156
. so ? ” asked the abbé . as yet ; but that i was to dine to-day with two gentlemen , who would be able to give me some . ” d ’ artagnan , looking at porthos . ” comte de la fere ; i wish to speak with him . ” devil take them , they can ’ t eat us . ” festival of your marriage ? ” said the deputy , shuddering in spite of himself . truth ; that is to say , that the fault lay with my people , and that i was ready to offer you my excuses . shall stop at the peacock . they will ; besides , how will they know that we are doing it	59.2488899230957
? ” his intimacy with these three men he would have become a superior character . horse only . ” mahogany secretaire , in which the key is always kept . ” but the three musketeers ; they had all been engaged in earnest search and inquiries , but had discovered nothing . ” repeated milady , “ that man has , then , a spark of pity in his soul ; of that spark i will make a flame that shall devour him . aware of that , ” said madame de villefort ; “ but i have a passion for the occult sciences , which speak to the imagination like poetry , and are <unk> to figures , like an algebraic <unk> ; but go on	139.0653076171875
, i beg of you ; what you say interests me to the greatest degree . ” the church ; i re-enter it . , ” whispered villefort , as he gazed with unutterable tenderness on the lovely speaker . propose to you as an <unk> into parisian <unk> life of politeness , visiting , and <unk> . ” half a dead body tied to you as a drag to all your movements . . ” darkness , silent as phantoms ; they saw a light glimmering in the midst of some trees . and left the two men facing each other ; no material obstacle separated them . ? forth ; he cast himself on the ground , weeping bitterly , and asking himself what crime he	183.29409790039062
had committed that he was thus punished . , d ’ <unk> ambition , porthos ? ” two flints and a piece of burnt linen . ” ? ’ artagnan thought the man had some evil design and he put his hand to his sword ; but in the movement made by the man in stooping a portion of his face was uncovered and d ’ artagnan recognized the coadjutor . . for m. de <unk> ! tréville chapter iii . receive the remaining 40,000 , you shall give me a receipt in full . hat , sire , that he may not discover the <unk> . ” the table ; he endeavored to introduce it into the mouth of the patient , who , in the midst	89.47570037841797
of his convulsions , was making vain attempts to <unk> ; but the jaws were so clenched that the pen could not pass them . and myself . that of his friend . mazarin , “ so you have no money ? ” so , at least . ” i wanted to know . hurry , sir count , ” said d ’ artagnan . of the faubourg saint-honoré is not good for me . ” eyes shot glances of fire . ? ” replied athos , whilst mounting also , “ seeing he was used so long to brush your hats . ” about him by which one may recognize him ? ” the madman , ignorant of his folly , should attempt things beyond his power	94.73052978515625
? have gone this way ; we had better take the opposite direction , eh ? ” injure both edmond and yourself , had i divulged my own apprehensions to a soul . s passed like ice through her veins . had brought them to the louvre and thence proceeded to the <unk> ; and taking up grimaud and blaisois , they went on foot to the rue guenegaud . understand that i intend entertaining company on saturday at <unk> ” bertuccio slightly started . have them. ” andrea took five-and-twenty louis from his pocket . between us two would be a serious affair , because you are brave , and i am brave also . and as i have not eaten so good a dinner as you	259.4396667480469
, i can scarcely stand . ” s face appeared at the grating in the door . cardinal would have done so , but this one is too mean a fellow to risk it . ” <unk> ’ s building , and with horses and harness for which drake had , to the knowledge of all the lions of paris , refused on the previous day seven hundred guineas . flamarens , “ you forget that to-morrow you are to command an expedition of the greatest importance , projected by the prince , assented to by the queen . today to the director of the royal academy , and tomorrow he will admit you without any expense to yourself . concern me what you have learned ? ”	131.5957794189453
said de winter . d ’ artagnan , “ the cardinal is about to visit the comte de la fere ? ” . reason for advising me to go alone ? ” , ” whispered monte cristo , “ and put down your hatchet ; we shall require no arms . ” indeed exacting , my dear fellow ! ” house of thomson & french ? ” . ” of italian the baron had learned from hearing his daughter sing italian <unk> with cavalcanti . ; his teeth chattered like those of a man under a violent attack of fever , and yet he was deadly pale . for i could swim along the ditch without being seen , and i reached the canal in safety . responded	92.24903106689453
peppino ; and , advancing alone towards the sentry , he said a few words to him in a low tone ; and then he , like the first , saluted the nocturnal visitors , making a sign that they might proceed . with a haughty presence , a fine equipage ; such as the son of a noble house would have . ” of carrying off her precious relic , which monte cristo had forgotten . him , took him in his arms , and kissed his forehead . to pay for his rosemary , this oil , and the wine , the only expense the master had incurred , as he had preserved a strict <unk> on the contrary , the yellow horse , by the	111.04650115966797
account of the hostler at least , had eaten three times as much as a horse of his size could reasonably be supposed to have <unk> ’ artagnan found nothing in his pocket but his little old velvet purse with the eleven crowns it contained ; for as to the letter addressed to m. de tréville , it had disappeared . the sailors , who rose as soon as they perceived him ; and the patron , <unk> him , said : that the french <unk> d ’ <unk> was robbed six months ago within five hundred paces of velletri ? ” stood before him . his _atelier_ , which was , as we have said , his favorite apartment . busoni had told your excellency . ”	148.59812927246094
the letter before him , as i ordered you to do ? ” ” said porthos . mechanically , and just touched the glass with her lips . are french cavalry reserved for service in africa . take place at seven o ’ clock ; there was therefore three-quarters of an hour to wait . has certain reasons for not going to court . ” up every doubt ; and unless his near neighbor and would-be friend , the count of monte cristo , possessed the ring of <unk> , and by its power was able to render himself invisible , it was very certain he could not escape this time . yourself , my little benedetto , but just point out to me some means of gaining	107.39347076416016
those thirty thousand francs without your assistance , and i will contrive it . ” is not actually my wife ; but , ” added he , drawing out his watch , “ in an hour and a half she will be . ” muttered . to see the downfall of your honor ’ s enemies , and he was not among the least of them . gentlemen , ” said aramis and porthos . , <unk> ” looking into , and i will take pains to investigate the matter thoroughly . ” changes his mind and receives only porthos and myself , why , then , we must resort to heroic measures and each give two strokes instead of one . the gendarmes , thrusting dantès forward	134.919189453125
. madame , ” replied monte cristo “ not to spoil ali , either by too great praise or rewards . ” cried he , “ i will soon be back , ” and he set off at a gallop . you very well , and as to the axe , i do not think it would be out of keeping even at this moment . hermitage , it is at your disposal ; such as is my supper , it is yours to share , if you will . drawn into one of those fantastic intrigues one meets in dreams . and returned very few visits . go about his business ? ” dead ; his wife , especially , who cherished the pleasing idea that she	151.94383239746094
was a widow , stoutly maintained that death had taken him . influence you , because it is only my own personal impression . ” tigers and crocodiles ? ” , pieces of stucco similar to that used in the ground work of arabesques broke off , and fell to the ground in <unk> , exposing a large white stone . dantès guided his vessel , and at monte cristo he arrived at the close of the second day ; his boat had proved herself a <unk> sailor , and had come the distance from genoa in thirty-five hours . responded dantès , almost terrified . <unk> , ” said another ; “ dresses in fine style . not reply . courage to return to the gate ,	159.04385375976562
saying , as she did so : silent , solitary inn . accursed woman ! ” cried the baron ; “ your prayer is so much the more generous from your being , i swear to you , in the power of a man who will never pardon you ! ” and he went out . d ’ artagnan , cocking his pistols , “ i will take charge of the one at the top ; you look to the one below . ’ artagnan . <unk> does not deserve the services of an honest man . ” any details ? ” this ; but how could he risk the question ? ? ” , ” replied his eminence ; “ yes , i know that . country	81.23529815673828
, as i was told by the person who recommended him to me . ” a laughing voice , the silvery tone of which betrayed it as that of a woman , “ is not such a fool as to be here . ” morning . ” us conducted into the orangery by monsieur bernouin , his valet-de-chambre , and from there we followed him to visit the comte de la fere . wear ? ” to <unk> the horses , and to hold themselves in readiness to set off again immediately . said caderousse . ! _ we are alone . ” , and still through his <unk> a well-known form seemed to move amid the obscurity with which he thought himself enveloped . porthos , opening	97.17891693115234
his eyes in astonishment . a thousand louis to make the people cry “ long live mazarin , ” and who had accordingly no confidence in acclamations bought at twenty pistoles each , kept one eye on porthos ; but that gigantic body-guard replied to the look with his great bass voice , “ be tranquil , my lord , ” and mazarin became more and more composed . . ” cried mazarin , fearing that should his prisoner ever leave his prison he would be the more exasperated against him if he thus <unk> his amusement . regard to porthos , i received a letter from him , too . do ? am pursued ! ” said andrea , clasping his hands . monte cristo , “	168.9159393310547
it will be the way , everybody says , of <unk> your fortune in twelve months . are much in want of a revolution like our <unk> against your king , who is a mere child , but against that <unk> of an italian , the queen ’ s favorite . ” who had treated gaetano ’ s description as a fable , was the splendor of the apartment in which he found himself . then , four hundred and fifty pistoles , ” said d ’ artagnan , contentedly . asked , “ did you notice that ? ” raoul , “ the poor man will get his priest , but , by heaven , the penitent appears to me to have a better conscience than the	85.27410888671875
confessor . s zeal , and ordered him to prepare for a speedy departure , as his stay in france would not be prolonged more than a month . too much , ” cried hermine , choking , “ you are worse than despicable . ” mad ; and you know the axiom , <unk> <unk> in <unk> . , and you ? ” please them more than you are wont to do when they are under our windows . ” sounded a rappel and all the officers of the royalist army , mingling momentarily with the parisian troops , ran to him . way of all gentlemen , and i know only one way , ” answered athos , haughtily . dantès , are you now free	117.61224365234375
? ” inquired the owner . the latter , twisting his mustache , “ look at me as long as you like , my little gentleman ! detecting its presence . in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance . be some day lost or stolen , he compelled dantès to learn it by heart ; and dantès knew it from the first to the last word . with a useless burden ? ” me so before ? with a look of surprise , but made no reply . the duke when they were alone . villefort , “ really , count , you frighten the ladies . ” , emptied his pockets , got together all his jewels , purses , aiguillettes , and	136.11703491210938
gold chains , and offered them all to porthos ; but as to the sword , he said it was sealed to its place and should never quit it until its master should himself quit his lodgings . providence for making me so wicked , and <unk> me to such a fate , my adopted father said to me , ‘ do not blaspheme , unhappy child , the crime is that of your father , not yours , —of your father , who consigned you to hell if you died , and to misery if a miracle preserved you <unk> ’ after that i ceased to blaspheme , but i cursed my father . off in the direction mentioned and in ten minutes reached the inn .	213.1180877685547
the other and after mordaunt he recognized groslow . to conduct him to the scaffold ; so that when he saw merely and simply , instead of the executioner he expected , only his commissary of the preceding evening , attended by his clerk , he was ready to embrace them both . grasped the gold and bank-notes , and la carconte called up her sweetest smiles while welcoming the <unk> of their guest . should not hesitate a moment ; i should take the hundred pistoles . the four friends , exchanging glances . , ” cried the abbé ; “ now we are on the right scent . two servants , now entered the house . were you arrested , then ? ” asked the inspector	142.14744567871094
. pointed to their dusty and torn dresses , but the cardinal shook his head . shall make use of them , ” said d ’ artagnan . friends , not timidly , but in a way that appeared to ask their opinion of what he had just done . moment that m. de tréville , on leaving the residence of the _lieutenant-criminel_ and the governor of fort l ’ evêque without being able to find athos , arrived at the palace . porthos . that , my boy ? . ” the real <unk> addresses himself <unk> to the mere individual ? to forget or to remember , as it pleases you ; and i know not what you mean , ” said d ’ artagnan ,	80.76012420654297
bowing . room . , perceived that to avert the maternal storm gathering over his head , he must inspire madame danglars with the terror he felt . him for anything more than a mere major . ” used , which we in our blindness could not see , then seem simple and easy , and we say , ‘ why did i not do this , instead of that ? ’ women , on the contrary , are rarely tormented with remorse ; for the decision does not come from you , —your misfortunes are generally imposed upon you , and your faults the results of others ’ crimes . ” ” said porthos . du <unk> , and d ’ artagnan toward the rue férou .	184.32403564453125
to his home , folded up his wedding suit with tears in his eyes , and paced up and down his chamber the whole day , and would not go to bed at all , for i was underneath him and heard him walking the whole night ; and for myself , i assure you i could not sleep either , for the grief of the poor father gave me great uneasiness , and every step he took went to my heart as really as if his foot had pressed against my breast . vault , which was quickly occupied by members of his family . since i was questioned on the same subject . ’ ! ” repeated a voice behind the count , “ and why	127.52396392822266
? ” great simplicity of thought , and without education ; he could not , therefore , in the solitude of his dungeon , traverse in mental vision the history of the ages , bring to life the nations that had perished , and rebuild the ancient cities so vast and stupendous in the light of the imagination , and that pass before the eye glowing with celestial colors in martin ’ s <unk> pictures . been stolen from you . ” of the count , and one of the most active opponents to the idea of providing the chamber of peers with a uniform . as i pass ? ” something of the highest importance to tell you . ” one hand and the fork in the	190.51547241210938
other , and was about to cut up the fowl . the hotel a small table was placed for him and a large one for the officers . monseigneur ; but afterwards ? ” more humane to me than others were yesterday ? ; and if you were at rome , the house of thomson & french would make no more difficulty about paying the money on my receipt than you have just done . ” guilty person , am i not ? ” said maximilian . astonished persons present , the young men took the road to the bastion st. gervais , followed by grimaud , who carried the basket , ignorant of where he was going but in the passive obedience which athos had taught him	159.1282958984375
not even thinking of asking . for athos had the solemn voice and the powerful gesture of a judge sent by the lord himself . had it , ” <unk> the gascon , making believe to find it . more loudly , clinging to the bars of the window : he had very good ones ; but you see that in spite of them he has not killed me , and did not even fight . ” and monte cristo made a sign with his hand to the notary , which said , “ i have no further need of you ; you may go . ” past , the mischievous child , who knew not what to wish for , had taken it into his head to	104.52457427978516
have a monkey . de villefort ! , he sprang toward jussac himself . , for talking of our domestic misfortunes ; i interrupted you at the moment when you were telling me that you were a skilful chemist . ” friends , complimented , flattered , beginning to believe in the reality of his dream , was almost bewildered . at all , let it be on her voice , at least , ” said monte cristo . . ” world , and god will doubtless reward them in heaven for their resignation on earth , but those who mean to contend must not lose one precious moment , but must return immediately the blow which fortune strikes . there must be some reason why the unknown	170.1361541748047
preserved such a silence , and ceased to address themselves to him . as king ’ s attorney , all the advantages of which he <unk> with marvellous skill , and which he would not have resigned but to be made deputy , and thus to replace neutrality by opposition . , that we may act well and quickly . ” formed his handkerchief into a <unk> . same . first time you have ever been there , dantès ? ” ’ s pardon for keeping you waiting , ” said the man , in the roman dialect , “ but i don ’ t think i ’ m many minutes after my time , ten o ’ clock has just struck by the clock of saint john	99.54167175292969
lateran . ” the third time , with another shriek of anguish . delay me , and i need the fatigue you warn me of ; it will do me good . ” , my life ! grimaud ; “ planchet , with a <unk> , indeed ! ” ; but that is not <unk> is a codicil , as i said just now . ” of repugnance , he was about to pass without speaking to him , but , as he had done the day before , m. bonacieux accosted him . , return to brussels ? ” she asked . conquer , as she had hitherto done , men prompt to let themselves be seduced , and whom the gallant education of a court led	91.6231918334961
quickly into her net . twenty years of age ; profession , artist ; hair black , eyes black ; travelling with his sister . ” might be the triumph gained over so vulgar a being as bonacieux , did not the less enjoy it for an instant ; then , almost immediately , as if a fresh thought has occurred , a smile played upon his lips , and he said , offering his hand to the mercer , “ rise , my friend , you are a worthy man . ” one ! ” said the major with a sigh . harbors ? ” will never again be separated on earth , since he has rushed into death to find you . to , rest assured	154.63877868652344
. victors to make conditions , and you are not yet victors , gentlemen . ” <unk> , ” returned franz ; “ go and try . ” words ; you have said nothing , have you ? ” what more do you want with me ? ” said d ’ artagnan . around him , in order to assure himself that he was unobserved , he entered by the small gate , and , carefully closing and securing it after him , proceeded with a hurried step towards the barrier . count withdrew ; when he raised his head he saw disappearing down the passage nothing but a shadow , before which the bandits bowed . ” said morcerf ; “ my father has in his study	87.33650207519531
a genealogical tree which will tell you all that , and on which i made <unk> that would have greatly <unk> d ’ <unk> and <unk> . a gendarme . ! ” said the young girl . is the presentation of a <unk> <unk> more acceptable than to the wealthy millionaire , who still <unk> economy while boasting of carrying a king ’ s ransom in his waistcoat pocket . truth ? ” he said ; “ but whether it be for recompense or punishment , i accept my fate . albert , “ this pious <unk> in behalf of the prisoners was your first remembrance ; what is the next ? ” for the first expenses of your settling in paris . ” preceded by all these	135.34201049804688
titles . ” have you done , monsieur porthos ? ” his hat pulled over his eyes , his left hand on the pommel of the sword , and <unk> his whip with his right hand . d ’ artagnan , “ shall we not pursue that woman ? ” , doctor , you shall not have to reproach me with weakness . that in going he had already observed the street <unk> who had attracted his attention . , find this man , and when you have found him bring him to me . ” , which makes us proceed from a known to an unknown quantity , and not from an unknown to a known ; but sit down , sir , i beg of you	85.583984375
. ” civilization have originated wants , vices , and false tastes , which occasionally become so powerful as to stifle within us all good feelings , and ultimately to lead us into guilt and <unk> . however , been sufficient for a man , followed by a number of servants , to rush from the house before which the accident had occurred , and , as the coachman opened the door of the carriage , to take from it a lady who was convulsively grasping the cushions with one hand , while with the other she pressed to her bosom the young boy , who had lost consciousness . and her hair arranged ( she had accomplished this feat in less than ten minutes ) , received	215.55418395996094
the count on his entrance . had not , perhaps , been scrupulously faithful to him , but she had remembered him ; that was something . say . ” saddle and bridle , to which operation he lent himself with the best grace possible ; then , putting the 4,500 francs into the hands of the astonished dealer , i proceeded to fulfil my intention of passing the night in riding in the champs-élysées . masters were ranged against the walls , <unk> with magnificent trophies of war , while heavy curtains of costly tapestry were suspended before the different doors of the room . too far off to hear him ; and if he had heard him in the disposition of mind he then enjoyed ,	180.7672576904297
he certainly would not have remarked it . low , is there no other to be had ? ” cried porthos ; “ and what the devil are we going to do in london ? ” can not survive without widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment . all that i wanted , and i will be guided by a <unk> such as you are , ” said he , extending his hand to monte cristo . albert , raising his voice . ” said the count , bowing . ; ” and without ascending the stairs	153.53988647460938
the guide conducted him by a subterraneous passage to another entrance . look which made villefort ’ s blood run cold . speak of it ; on the contrary , let us speak of it ! ” said felton , passing his hands over his brow , covered with sweat , as if to remove his last doubt . at last , notwithstanding the opposition of her family ? ” ; it was in italy most probably , ” replied monte cristo ; “ you have travelled then in italy , mademoiselle ? ” , valentine , i am alone in the world . blaisois , with whom i know not what to do , since i already have grimaud . ” bolt , it would have been	97.57713317871094
impossible for him to pass through the midst of the garrison who held the catacombs of st. sebastian , encamped round a master whom our readers must have recognized as the famous luigi vampa . ” cried both young men . , with the exception of a little , which had been already drunk by m. noirtier . furrowed by care , and the bold outline of his strongly marked features , betokened a man more accustomed to exercise his mental faculties than his physical strength . kitty ; i have this one safe . ” swallowed a few mouthfuls of bread and water , and , thanks to the vigor of his constitution , found himself well-nigh recovered . word , but comprehended very little of what	224.9576416015625
was said . , and the stranger began to show manifest signs of impatience , when a slight noise was heard outside the aperture in the roof , and almost immediately a dark shadow seemed to obstruct the flood of light that had entered it , and the figure of a man was clearly seen gazing with eager scrutiny on the immense space beneath him ; then , as his eye caught sight of him in the mantle , he grasped a floating mass of thickly matted boughs , and glided down by their help to within three or four feet of the ground , and then leaped lightly on his feet . after saluting the old man and speaking to barrois , a faithful servant , who	194.63235473632812
had been twenty-five years in his service , took their places on either side of the paralytic . showed cunning rather than intelligence ; his lips were straight , and so thin that , as they closed , they were drawn in over the teeth ; his <unk> were broad and projecting , a <unk> proof of audacity and <unk> ; while the <unk> of his forehead , and the <unk> of the back of his skull , which rose much higher than his large and <unk> shaped ears , combined to form a physiognomy anything but prepossessing , save in the eyes of such as considered that the owner of so splendid an equipage must needs be all that was admirable and <unk> , more especially when	232.35845947265625
they gazed on the enormous diamond that glittered in his shirt , and the red ribbon that depended from his button-hole . ! ” the rest , reverend sir ; you will say he calls himself andrea cavalcanti . ” again , to take my <unk> ” with these words the baron went out . young man eagerly . . ” at last a baron , and d ’ artagnan a captain . when he sees me leave you , he will come out . ” d ’ artagnan sent to his eminence the letter in which he had been ordered to return without delay . ” said he to one of them , “ do me the favor to take the reins from the hands of this	76.64448547363281
worthy man , mount upon the box and drive to the door of the private stair , and wait for me there ; it is an affair of importance on the service of the king . ” , ” added the commissary ; “ and do you know the man who has committed this deed ? ” , a repugnance to your profession ? ” or three hundred paces of the grotto , he thought he heard a cry . spoke in this manner to soothe the grief of d ’ artagnan . with wives , they must be placed at once upon the footing in which you wish them to remain . i don ’ t know . ” by the two women . of gift yesterday	59.47996139526367
. ” ” spend the last three hours remaining to us of life , like those ancient romans , who when condemned by nero , their emperor and heir , sat down at a table covered with flowers , and gently glided into death , amid the perfume of heliotropes and roses ? ” ? ” said aramis , “ i am somewhat of porthos ’ s opinion . ” you , ” said morcerf ; “ and the secret of that very pallor is what we want to find out . ” which served him as a study , and made a sign to rochefort to bring in the young musketeer . and paris so civilized a city , that you will not find in its eighty-five	113.57921600341797
<unk> say eighty-five , because i do not include <unk> will not find , then , in these eighty-five departments a single hill on which there is not a telegraph , or a grotto in which the commissary of police has not put up a <unk> . ? is a man of great foresight and prudence . d ’ artagnan to himself . two hundred for them , ” said mazarin . renée , “ i can not help regretting you had not chosen some other profession than your <unk> physician , for instance . might get the better of him , he clutched with one hand the branch of a tree against which he was leaning , and with the other convulsively grasped the dagger with a	124.486083984375
carved handle which was in his belt , and which , unwittingly , he drew from the scabbard from time to time . gave the first billet to my lackey instead of to the count ’ s ; that it is i who have opened the others which ought to have been opened by de wardes . the conviction that she was disinherited that caused her grief , but her total inability to account for the feelings which had provoked her grandfather to such an act . ! ” said he , “ come here : so thou hast changed thy trade ; thou art no longer a choir boy nor a tavern boy ; thou hast become a horse <unk> ? ” of their horses , not	198.02871704101562
theirs . ” , who does not know when to sleep at the proper time . , tearing the robe , and had penetrated <unk> between the flesh and the ribs . on the handsome young man , who was scarcely twenty-five years of age , and whom he was leaving in his <unk> , deprived of sense and perhaps dead , he gave a sigh for that unaccountable destiny which leads men to destroy each other for the interests of people who are strangers to them and who often do not even know that they exist . pistoles . know how i delight in accounts of war and fighting . ” athos , “ weep , heart full of love , youth , and life ! ”	126.34201049804688
returned franz , “ your answer is sublime , and worthy the ‘ <unk> him <unk> , ’ of <unk> , only , when horace made that answer , the safety of rome was concerned ; but , as for us , it is only to gratify a whim , and it would be ridiculous to risk our lives for so foolish a motive . ” to see you again , ” said he feebly , to dantès . with light hair , clear gray eyes , and thin and compressed lips , dressed in a blue coat with beautifully carved gold buttons , a white <unk> , and a <unk> eye-glass suspended by a silken thread , and which , by an effort of the <unk> and	154.67550659179688
<unk> muscles , he fixed in his eye , entered , with a <unk> air , without smiling or speaking . clerk of thomson & french , who had remained motionless in the corner during this scene , in which he had taken no part , except the few words we have mentioned . very candidly , but as this is intended only for ourselves , i do not see why i should weigh my words . little secret , a precaution i thought it desirable to take , one of <unk> & <unk> ’ s locks , revised and improved by gaspard caderousse ; i will manufacture you a similar one when you are a capitalist . ” in the world to resemble you in worth and	157.56646728515625
goodness ! french , on seeing the four friends return at such a step , uttered cries of enthusiasm . to do that , ” said franz , taking out his tablets ; “ for i saw the account , and copied it down . ” may you have to say against this name ? ” inquired albert ; “ it is a very pretty name , and the adventures of the gentleman of that name amused me very much in my youth , i must confess . ” de chatillon , ” cried the chevalier ; “ welcome to you—i expected you . ” . ” to see first ? ” asked the abbé . young traveler manifested so loudly for this man , <unk> rather improbable	86.4869384765625
<unk> stolen his father ’ s letter from <unk> there not some perfidy concealed under this hatred ? that i am the mistress of the house , gentlemen ! . the culprit ’ s name ; my father thirsts for revenge as much as you do , yet even he <unk> you as i do to keep this secret . ? ” your horse ? ” exclaimed athos , “ for heaven ’ s sake ! ? ” continued he , addressing raoul ; then turning to the queen : “ we may still hope . man who is following us ? ” , will you consent to tell your name ? ” said the president . austria . horses , count ? ” . ” they returned	71.88713836669922
by the main road to boulogne , at abbeville , and followed it step by step , examining every track . by her dress ; if you know no more than that , everyone here is as well-informed as yourself . ” try and overtake him ? ” of the world , i am surrounded by kindness and affection ; but the reverse is the case . , ” said athos . without waiting for a reply and each one seemed to be contented with expressing his or her own thoughts . contrary remained concealed behind them ; but although the king knew athos , porthos , and aramis personally , he passed before them without speaking or <unk> , as if he had never seen them before	125.3101577758789
. have lost , believe me , my dear d ’ artagnan . ” return to tours ; she is not faithless ; she still loves me ! eat <unk> grapes , ” replied monte cristo , as if the subject had not been mentioned before . the day it happened ; but as you were not guilty of any crime , as you were not guilty of any intrigue , as you , in short , knew nothing that could compromise yourself or anybody else , i attached no more importance to that event than it merited . ” papers ? ” ” said albert , “ i see you were preparing for a game of cards . ” rascal ; we are mad with hunger and	96.66168212890625
thirst ! ” he put his foot on the first step of the ladder and began his descent . get his hat and throw himself breathless into the closet when the procureur ’ s footstep was heard in the passage . quarrel about ? ” , because my heart , which i thought dead , was only sleeping ; because it has awakened and has begun to beat again , because i have yielded to the pain of the emotion excited in my breast by a woman ’ s voice . , and we are going to be happy . ” any exaggeration , is your mother really so very much averse to this marriage ? ” good what he lacked in perfect comprehension of the language .	141.5344696044922
of revealing all to her grandmother , and she would not have hesitated a moment , if maximilian morrel had been named albert de morcerf or raoul de château-renaud ; but morrel was of plebeian extraction , and valentine knew how the haughty marquise de saint-méran despised all who were not noble . and let us begin with these <unk> , and this fresh <unk> ; which i have put on some <unk> to please you , wicked one . the escort and went to the queen ’ s carriage . do in all cases of any consequence , d ’ artagnan went straight to the residence of athos . priest of vulgar mind , whose career and fortune i have ruined by my misfortune . , ”	164.8974609375
said danglars . ! ” exclaimed the young man hastily . ; she had often , in her youth , spoken of poverty , but between want and necessity , those synonymous words , there is a wide difference . know so many things , can you tell me what is become of that woman ? ” the exception of cloth drawers at the left side of which hung a large knife in a sheath , and he bore on his right shoulder a heavy iron <unk> . begging him to give up his chamber , which is the handsomest in the hôtel , and to be satisfied with a pretty little room on the third floor ; but to this monsieur porthos replied that as he every	126.607666015625
moment expected his mistress , who was one of the greatest ladies in the court , i might easily comprehend that the chamber he did me the honor to occupy in my house was itself very mean for the visit of such a personage . we must take people as we find them . to retract , you wish to fight , do you ? ” said beauchamp in a calm tone . and he endeavored to receive the minister ’ s homage with civility . middle height , with thin reddish whiskers , light complexion and light hair , turning rather gray . overwhelmed , crushed ; her eye alone lived , and glared horribly . said athos , “ charlotte backson , who first was called	177.7487030029297
comtesse de la fère , and afterwards milady de winter , baroness of sheffield . ” among the spectators had so much affected one of the crowd that he did not await the arrival of the vessel in harbor , but jumping into a small skiff , desired to be pulled alongside the _pharaon_ , which he reached as she rounded into la réserve basin . albert ’ s fiery nature , of which he had seen so much among the roman bandits , had suddenly stooped to this humiliation . duke had escaped , the concierge had seen fit to fasten the gate with a double lock . i shall know if you lie . ” felton . strike m. de morcerf ; it is providence which	187.70022583007812
punishes him . ” s turn to take a sly look . ” . sir . not to be reminded of such services . , there is not a moment to lose ; we must let the king know immediately . ” so that the minister felt that all around him , beneath the homage of the courtiers , lay a fund of hatred , ill disguised by fear and interest . and delighted in the regiment when they saw the young man come back safe and sound . enemies may arrive at any minute . ” d ’ artagnan , seeing that mme . , and in a peculiar manner . the noise which the carriage made in rolling over the pavement of la villette . thought	111.10671997070312
porthos , as he walked away , “ it appears i am getting nearer to monsieur coquenard ’ s strongbox at last . ” man from the hotel de rohan , who was saying to him : humility or great pride , ” said monte cristo . spite of m. de villefort ’ s promises ? ” soldiers shivering with fear , as they lay bound in the chamber . , too much wit . ” haydée to ali tepelini ? ” one thing wanting in order to complete your happiness ? ” captain , fight . of triumph , offered the paper to dantès , who this time read the following words , traced with an ink of a reddish color resembling rust : a laugh which	137.10084533691406
changed the shiver of the host into a burning fever . ? ” where he is , ” said d ’ artagnan . ” never seen him . ” of the river , should we even find them three ranks deep , as long as you and your regiment do your duty , we will look to the rest . ” mother , ” said albert , putting his hand to the bell , “ they must be taken into the antechamber . . ” cristo ! ” said danglars , more pale from terror than he had been just before from hunger and misery . harrison , laughing , and looking over at one of the officers seated at his table . ” replied franz ; “	57.020225524902344
we shall ascertain who and what he <unk> comes ! ” enough three days ago , but what can one do ? you how to behave yourself . ” to do so , monsieur ; on the contrary , he came up to me and said , ‘ it is your master that needs his liberty at this moment and not i , since he knows everything and i know nothing . he , “ what does that mean ? ” franz , looking round him uneasily , “ where is the viscount ? —i do not see him . ” cross himself when one of these beings happened to approach him . revived when he found himself alive after this horrible blow . de villefort , —you	124.38426971435547
, who are necessary to m. noirtier ’ s <unk> ” so often spoken of you , that he knows exactly how i talk to you. ” then turning to maximilian , with an adorable smile ; although shaded by sorrow , — “ he knows everything i know , ” said she . better , ” returned the count , smiling , “ you would not give one thought of such a thing for a traveller like myself , who has successively lived on <unk> at naples , <unk> at milan , <unk> <unk> at <unk> , <unk> at constantinople , <unk> in india , and swallows ’ <unk> in china . gave their beauty , whence , without doubt , comes the proverb , “ the	138.5713653564453
most beautiful girl in the world can only give what she <unk> ” such as were rich gave in addition a part of their money ; and a vast number of heroes of that gallant period may be cited who would neither have won their spurs in the first place , nor their battles afterward , without the purse , more or less furnished , which their mistress fastened to the saddle bow . they possess ? ” d ’ artagnan , stopping the carriage . , and was taken , on the recommendation of m. morrel , who did not know his crime , as cashier into a spanish bank . from fifty to fifty-two years of age , dark , with black eyes covered with <unk>	184.25399780273438
eyebrows , and a thick moustache . . ” created in his own <unk> , upon whom god has laid his first , his sole commandment , to love his <unk> , to whom god has given a voice to express his <unk> is his first cry when he hears his <unk> is saved ? the governor . ” and aramis stopped to look at a little boat made fast to a pile and ready <unk> as if waiting to start . d ’ avrigny paid no attention to her ; possessed with but one idea , he cleared the last four steps with a bound , and rushed into the kitchen , where he saw the decanter about three parts empty still standing on the waiter ,	179.718017578125
where it had been left . my dear invalid ! right , ” replied villefort , surprised ; “ he sleeps , indeed ! , ” returned the count ; “ and i will endeavor to give you no cause to regret your old master . ” like carbuncles , and appeared , with his <unk> mouth , to be the only part of his face in which life survived . the island for faria , and faria gave dantès advice as to the means he should employ to recover the treasure . remain with you. ” at this moment villefort returned , followed by the lady ’ s maid ; and after her came madame de villefort . me ? ” said he . to what you	87.31364440917969
are exposing yourself ? ” said the baroness . , the bandits could perceive , by the firelight , the unearthly pallor of the young girl and of diavolaccio . who understood provençal , begged the <unk> of marseilles to give them this bare and barren promontory , where , like the sailors of old , they had run their boats ashore . when albert bent his steps to his mother ’ s room ; and , no one being there to announce him , he advanced to her bedchamber , and distressed by what he saw and guessed , stopped for one moment at the door . what do you require of me , and what document is it that you wish to be drawn up ?	129.31019592285156
” and whenever one of the prince de conti ’ s generals wished to gain more influence he got up a little popular tumult , which he put down again , and thus for the moment gained a superiority over his colleagues . are a <unk> miserable woman , stupid and brutal . the french officer who led the troops of my noble father ! olivain , respectfully , “ allow me to remark that we have already much fatigued the horses this morning . had animated these two beings , mercédès was doing the same in her apartments that he had just done in his . ” cried caderousse , smiling , “ you have not attained that honor yet . unlucky englishman was dead . ,	159.27828979492188
which seemed to her of bad omen . no more money left to pay you ? ” asked the infuriated danglars . he , “ edmond dantès . ” , very polite , modest , and agreeable , such as may be found constantly in italy , descendants of very ancient families . , but she always <unk> strangers . ” some <unk> from a man ’ s self-love , you must avoid even the appearance of wishing to wound it . ” the gascon , “ that is all well , i accept for porthos and myself <unk> and compliments ; we have plenty of time to spare . ” you , ” said debray with freezing coldness . , and thank you . ” it might	99.3879623413086
not , perhaps , have greatly signified ; for when the lower classes alone complained , the court of france , separated as it was from the poor by the intervening classes of the <unk> and the <unk> , seldom listened to their voice ; but unluckily , mazarin had had the imprudence to attack the magistrates and had sold no less than twelve appointments in the court of requests , at a high price ; and as the officers of that court paid very dearly for their places , and as the addition of twelve new colleagues would necessarily lower the value of each place , the old <unk> formed a union amongst themselves , and , enraged , swore on the bible not to allow of	276.85308837890625
this addition to their number , but to resist all the persecutions which might ensue ; and should any one of them chance to <unk> his post by this resistance , to <unk> to indemnify him for his loss . a moment , and was about to throw his glove at the count , when morrel seized his hand , while beauchamp and château-renaud , fearing the scene would surpass the limits of a challenge , held him back . . ” , as would be the case with a woman of taste walking in the morning . <unk> than his master ; so that for the sake of his master , he puts us all under his feet , and as he thinks we might refuse what	134.0944366455078
he asked for , he takes all he wants without asking at all . ” they will ; only listen to that charming <unk> . with that mandate , obtained the pasha ’ s ring , which gave you authority over selim , the <unk> ! you dug your way a distance of fifty feet to get here ? ” , in the first place ? ” me the happiest of men ! <unk> to be merely the betrothal feast turns out to be the actual wedding dinner ! ” said danglars . an abyss between those days and the present . what guards you find here , and pursue him . ” then , monsieur , that we shall travel faster with two horses apiece ? ”	189.6664276123047
said planchet , with his shrewd air . preceding operations in england might have been discovered . men convinced them both that neither had any wish to go back , and as the tutor had already turned his horse ’ s head , they both spurred forward , raoul crying : “ follow me , olivain ! ” and the count de guiche : “ follow , urban and planchet ! ” and before the tutor could recover from his surprise they had both disappeared into the forest . ” about to sign the contract . ” it is true ; but he <unk> of it . ” ! ’ ” the executioner , “ all ! the names of your friends ? ” left you , and	106.63336181640625
has he not himself asked you to prepare for this visit ? ” the abuse of the day seemed to glide over his head as the <unk> of the evening before had done ; but hatred and revenge were accumulating in his heart silently and drop by drop . pleased with you ? ” ribbons , his face bleeding , felt not only his strength but also his reason going ; a red mist covered his sight , and through this mist he saw a hundred threatening arms stretched over him , ready to seize upon him when he fell . of aramis . around the door . five of the modern <unk> is to say , german , french , italian , english , and spanish ;	188.01974487304688
by the aid of ancient greek i learned modern <unk> don ’ t speak it so well as i could wish , but i am still trying to <unk> myself . ” the more reason why we should not abandon the august head so threatened . ” my offers ! we italians have eyes only for the man we love ? ” ” replied athos . saw the figure of the corsican between the branches . the nearest village or swear to me on your salvation that you will send me the first monk , the first curé , the first priest you may meet . you would take the trouble of reflecting , you could find a way of simplifying the negotiation , ” said franz .	161.21400451660156
de la fontaine , no . formed to make the brave musketeer all suitable apologies , but without meanness or weakness , fearing that might result from this duel which generally results from an affair of this kind , when a young and vigorous man fights with an adversary who is wounded and <unk> conquered , he doubles the triumph of his antagonist ; if a conqueror , he is accused of foul play and want of courage . did not require twice bidding ; they unfastened the two horses that were waiting at the door , leaped upon them , buried their spurs in their sides , and set off at full gallop . porthos , “ who ? ” the shore , and they advanced a	224.19187927246094
few paces to find a comfortable bivouac ; but , doubtless , the spot they chose did not suit the smuggler who filled the post of sentinel , for he cried out : seeking ? with a pistol in his hand , was once on the point of committing suicide , had anyone then said , ‘ this man deserves his misery , ’ would not that person have been deceived ? ” and determined to venture everything in order to see valentine once more , and be certain of the misfortune he feared , morrel gained the edge of the clump of trees , and was going to pass as quickly as possible through the flower-garden , when the sound of a voice , still at some	163.5138397216797
distance , but which was borne upon the wind , reached him . had appealed to him to afford the best chance of his security . us , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ we must relieve each other in mounting guard over my lord and each of us must watch three hours at a time . d ’ artagnan , at last . here is the authorization from my sister to withdraw our little servant from the convent of béthune , the air of which you think is bad for her . for him ? ” asked the young man . attack , and turned to caderousse , whose countenance he scrutinized , to try and detect whether the blow was premeditated ; but he read	98.0511474609375
nothing but envy in a countenance already rendered brutal and stupid by drunkenness . ” observed monte cristo ; “ i recollect now . the turnkey , “ there was no occasion for watching him ; he would have stayed here fifty years , i ’ ll answer for it , without any attempt to escape . ” , with beautiful <unk> characters , and so weighty with gold , that a servant always carried it before the cardinal on days of great solemnity . , ” replied aramis ; then bending his face down to athos ’ s ear , “ what is the object of this visit ? ” continued he . on ceremony because you are less attached to me than you were ? ”	126.49385833740234
and resumed his usual calm manner , at the same time casting his eyes down , either to give himself time to compose his countenance , or to assist his imagination , all the while giving an <unk> at the count , the <unk> smile on whose lips still announced the same polite curiosity . man . , my lord , ” said rochefort , with a smile . ? ” sir , ” said he ; “ i have an order for each of you also . ” you were so intimate with her . ” twenty rose-trees which formed the <unk> , not one bore the mark of the <unk> , nor were there evidences anywhere of the <unk> <unk> which is so destructive to plants	102.8534927368164
growing in a damp soil . i have seen him eat of everything in italy ; no doubt he does not feel inclined this evening . ” lucien , i assure you , ” replied madame danglars ; “ and what i have told you is really the case , added to the ill-humor you remarked , but which i did not think it worth while to allude to . ” perceived that the countess was really alarmed . ” <unk> influence of a young wife and a daughter by his first marriage , scarcely eighteen , was still one of the <unk> paris salons where the worship of <unk> customs and the <unk> of rigid etiquette were carefully maintained . it must be he ! ” murmured	131.51361083984375
tréville . you have given me confidence ; it is so long since we were separated , that i have not the least remembrance of him , and , besides , you know that in the eyes of the world a large fortune covers all defects . ” to attack , sir ? ” of a young man in paris ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ your leader is dead ; you have no longer any business here . ” disappeared behind one of the tapestried <unk> . them , dressed in black , and installed in his armchair . ” interrupted d ’ artagnan , “ i am vexed that such a man as you are should talk nonsense which <unk> would be ashamed of	65.26232147216797
. ” said buckingham , “ these are the only tokens i ever received from <unk> silver casket and these two letters . during all this conversation had played a mute part , made a sign of the head in proof that he <unk> in the proposition . was one of the friends of m. de tréville , and consequently , that he belonged body and soul to the king ; which would make him lose a part of his advantage , since when known to milady as he knew her , he played only an equal game with her . ” began their labors , with a vigor and alacrity <unk> to their long rest from fatigue and their hopes of <unk> success . consequences , with	169.58522033691406
the help of his servants carried the wounded man into the kitchen , where some trifling attentions were bestowed upon him . m. de morcerf . ” extreme , and large drops of perspiration rolled from his heated brow . <unk> , ” said the king , “ come in ; i am going to scold you . ” man ’ s forehead , and he looked around him with anxiety . me . ” and taking a letter from his <unk> , presented it to raoul . ” said the president , rising with gravity , “ be careful what you say ; your words clearly show us that they are deceived concerning you in the island of elba , and have deceived us ! ” said	83.63101959228516
he , “ is what you sent me for . ” is to say , morrel went to the boulevards , château-renaud to the pont de la <unk> , and debray to the quai . those emotions so fresh and pure , the fine , noble face of athos betrayed indescribable pleasure ; he inhaled the tones of that young voice , as harmonious music . my poor mother ! ” said albert , gazing through his tears at his mother ’ s portrait ; “ if you know this , how much must you suffer ! ” early , but neither of them slept . , undeceive him , i beg , and tell him i am nothing of the kind . ” box ; that will	124.16584014892578
be the simplest plan . ” ” off ! ” exclaimed porthos . ” continued athos , “ what remains for me to tell you is even more strange than what i have narrated . ” same thing , ” cried the young woman . do not conceal myself . ” every opening in the crowd ; he was evidently watching for someone , but his search ended in disappointment . to dismiss the fellow ; porthos was of the opinion that he should give him a good <unk> first ; and aramis contended that a master should never attend to anything but the civilities paid to him . then hastened to invite teresa , without whom it was impossible for the quadrille to be formed , but	122.74495697021484
the young girl had disappeared . chapter 77 . , in your place , i should like to have answered . ” young man ’ s arm , and led him out of the room . ” <unk> , the ephemeral flower , that down of the peach , had evaporated to the winds through the little orthodox counsels which the three musketeers gave their friend . aramis ; “ but silence ! the king , kneeling humbly before him , began his confession . ” replied madame de villefort ; “ and yet it appears to me , sir , that if i had met you anywhere , the recollection of you must have been imprinted on my memory . ” here ? ” asked d ’	68.8148193359375
épinay . and i answered him , to bring or send me that order and i would sign it . ” same hand which unintentionally struck barrois has now attacked valentine ? ” very simple ; we have not sought to <unk> . <unk> me . ” the year previous to my imprisonment . madame ’ s <unk> the carriage ready at one o ’ clock . ” with his <unk> <unk> were replaced in the pocket-book , the gold put back into the bag , and the whole carefully locked in the cupboard . , pale , and threatening countenance of fernand , as it was defined in the shadow . the baron , about to fail her at the decisive moment ? albert ; “ yes	121.62928009033203
, it is indeed he who has so long pursued my father with jealous hatred . clear as when i have had plenty of wine . prefer sacrificing the whole , so that it would obtain me a happy and affectionate home . ” the nubian offered him . ? ” question to ask you , —what do you intend to do ? ” different ; the house you purchase is at auteuil . ” a young girl , was on the point of marrying her , when war came and carried me away . length of the faubourg saint antoine and of the road to vincennes , and soon found themselves out of the town , then in a forest and then within sight of a village	131.1355743408203
. know who it is that attempts your life ? ” , the most trustworthy creature in the world , and i will venture to say , there is not a better seaman in all the merchant service . of these retreats in london , unknown except to the most intimate of his friends . her ! ” cried the duchess . , no other than the count and haydée . exclaimed , “ there remains still some of the magic draught . we were descending a large staircase ; around us were all my mother ’ s servants carrying trunks , bags , ornaments , jewels , purses of gold , with which they were hurrying away in the greatest distraction . with our neighbors , the	142.12013244628906
english , an <unk> influence which darkened his countenance ; for the sadness generally became more intense toward the fine season of the year . to give you another piece of good advice . ” tomorrow . fifty pistoles to the hostess for our expenses , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and share the three hundred . ” should like to do him that <unk> do you say to it ? ” wine that has got into your head , is it not ? des gardes , he took a glance into the stables . prisoner , may still have friends , but i have none ! ” replied the latter , gravely . he uttered the comte roused himself from the kind of lethargy in	115.146728515625
which he had sunk . woman , then ; my strength is in my weakness . ” not tell him just now that you wanted money ? to look constantly to their own proper safety ; milady was a phantom which , when it had once appeared to people , did not allow them to sleep very quietly . said , making a low bow , “ why did you not begin by saying that , monsieur mordaunt ? , sir , ” said raoul , “ respect royalty and ever serve the king . far as even to present him to me yourself ? ” description ? ” overcome by this terrible story , remained motionless and mute , while all the demons of anger and jealousy	125.97018432617188
were howling in his heart . i may expect you , may i not ? ” with cotton , and that she took in her freight at alexandria from <unk> ’ s warehouse , and at smyrna from pascal ’ s ; that is all i was obliged to know , and i beg i may not be asked for any further particulars . ” nothing from any other quarter ? ” then ? ’ word ! ” ’ s betrothed was mercédès . ” , it was impossible to say ; they awaited , while gratifying the eyes , a destination unknown to their owner himself ; in the meantime they filled the place with their golden and <unk> reflections . box in the hole he had	130.18234252929688
made , then , while he stamped with his feet to remove all traces of his occupation , i rushed on him and plunged my knife into his breast , exclaiming : the broken glass , the count opened the door . , i sew up the paper in the ball and you , in your game of tennis , will send the ball into the ditch . ” one she wished for most , but it seemed as if a part of her past life had returned to her . enough . ” want ? ” said the inspector . and not abuse , ” said aramis , sententiously . the bearings of the coast , explained to him the variations of the compass , and taught	117.70728302001953
him to read in that vast book opened over our heads which they call heaven , and where god writes in azure with letters of diamonds . replied mordaunt . in , ” said morrel , “ for i presume you are all at the door . ” of a second confidential epistle for his eminence . , porthos and aramis . ! ” cried the young man , who uttered these three successive exclamations with constantly increasing force . ” in the evening the island was distinct , and everything on it was plainly perceptible , owing to that clearness of the atmosphere peculiar to the light which the rays of the sun cast at its setting . ’ s permission , and left him , promising	122.90209197998047
to call for him at a quarter before eight . such a thing possible ? ” the sun had set , when franz fancied he saw , at a quarter of a mile to the left , a dark mass , but he could not precisely make out what it was , and fearing to excite the mirth of the sailors by <unk> a floating cloud for land , he remained silent ; suddenly a great light appeared on the <unk> ; land might resemble a cloud , but the fire was not a meteor . of this kind to pass unnoticed , but , to the surprise of the young people , she pretended not to hear it , and said nothing . service , except only	143.97186279296875
for my orders . ” faria , when the young man had finished reading it . the emperor had not landed . ” of these signals ? ” my name in order that you may know where to find me , my lord , or my prince , as it may suit you best to be called , ” said our gascon , who did not choose to seem to yield to a threat . may be , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ i can not go thither in this guise . ” . ” is not equal to his mother when we put foot in france , if we are not poisoned or killed before then . ” said the guide , and pushing danglars	69.24905395507812
into the cell , he closed the door upon him . mean ? ’ added caderousse . said d ’ artagnan , “ i shall discover them ; as these secrets may have an influence over your life , these secrets must become mine . ” she , “ you are as great as judas <unk> ! had thrown the body into the river and those words which my remorse <unk> to me are those which i in my pride pronounced . at this scene that he took andrea by the hands and began examining his person , attributing the sudden submission of the inmates of the lions ’ den to something more <unk> than mere fascination . ; she will buy heavily , and she will certainly	153.64505004882812
lose when beauchamp announces the following day , in his <unk> , ‘ the report circulated by some usually well-informed persons that the king was seen yesterday at gabrielle ’ s house , is totally without foundation . d ’ artagnan with a smile , “ you sell your productions at their weight in gold . bazin , “ the true friends of a christian are those who aid him in working out his salvation , not those who hinder him in doing so . ” t swear ? ” , ” said planchet . a musketeer ; in that quality i say what i please , and at this moment it pleases me to say that you weary me . ” seat to beppo , and sat	160.89866638183594
by him . oliver cromwell , the most illustrious captain of the age ? ” balm for wounds ; and my poor grimaud here was obliged to dress those you had inflicted on him . ” one another in a state of <unk> . louis xviii. , “ the duc de blacas assures me you have some interesting information to communicate . ” she was right in her supposition . ” said beauchamp ; “ if you must have me descend to earth , i submit ; and if you will seek your enemy , i will assist you , and i will engage to find him , my honor being almost as deeply interested as yours . ” quick eye and a prompt understanding . s tablets	125.843505859375
out of his hand . have been manufactured ? ” sir , you are most welcome ; i was expecting you . ” , madame ? ” asked athos . about the catalan village . the steps were lost in the distance . andrea , at war with society ever since his youth , was quite as deep as a gendarme , even though he were advanced to the rank of brigadier , and quite prepared for the fire , he had climbed out on the roof and was crouching down against the <unk> . a low voice . sleeps , rocked by his first hope . minutes , passed thus , then ten more , and at last the clock struck the half-hour . her beauty was	133.54197692871094
of too marked and decided a character to please a fastidious taste ; her hair was raven black , but its natural waves seemed somewhat rebellious ; her eyes , of the same color as her hair , were surmounted by <unk> brows , whose great defect , however , consisted in an almost habitual frown , while her whole physiognomy wore that expression of firmness and decision so little in accordance with the gentler attributes of her <unk> nose was precisely what a sculptor would have chosen for a chiselled <unk> . <unk> us who do not command to-morrow ’ s expedition . ” villefort naturally was , and his present excitement frightened her so much that she opened her mouth to scream , but the sound	395.99853515625
died in her throat . great curiosity , and he , not knowing well what to say to this ascending and descending scale , remained <unk> . been not to have seen you during the two hours of the sermon ? ” old days that made the present so excessively delightful , and the blow was so great he rushed out , overcome , and forgot to shut the door . your service , m. morrel , ” answered danglars . , rely on the notes he has left concerning you ? ” if , after meeting so often this evening , we should not succeed in meeting to-morrow . ” <unk> you wish me to speak to him ? ” said mazarin , who was anxious to	124.62239074707031
make a friend about cromwell ’ s person . in the united states , you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook . be lost . michon , monsieur ? ” said madame de chevreuse , trying to read in athos ’ s eyes . you , ” murmured she . beaufort , he arrived from vendome , according to the <unk> of the day , bringing with him his high bearing and his long and beautiful hair , <unk> which gained him the <unk> of the <unk> . my wife , <unk> my wife herself . ” your carriage ? ” asked morcerf . , nevertheless , i heard , ’ he said ; ‘ and your	64.91328430175781
<unk> saw the light of day , i presume ? ’ two letters for d ’ artagnan . then turning towards monte cristo , “ count , ” said he , “ in the name of all that is dear to you , i entreat you not to kill albert ! —the unhappy youth has a mother . ” you one _carte blanche_ to give you another . fortunately , i do not want for anything ; and it chances that at times there are others who have need of me. ” dantès made a gesture . drive out the bullet , and from the adjoining room no one would have suspected that the count was , as <unk> would say , keeping his hand in . morrow	130.39984130859375
, by eleven o ’ clock , the two diamond studs were finished , and they were so completely imitated , so perfectly alike , that buckingham could not tell the new ones from the old ones , and <unk> in such matters would have been deceived as he was . security , or you will be lost ; but , on the <unk> it is i who say <unk> enemies in all directions . subterraneous gallery , and arrived in time to hear the exclamations of the turnkey , who called out for help . man ; they heard the street door close , then m. de villefort locked the garden door , and returned upstairs . d ’ artagnan followed the duke , who closed the	118.2784652709961
door after them . declivity of twelve or fifteen feet . rich to pay a ransom , a messenger is sent to negotiate ; the prisoner is hostage for the security of the messenger ; should the ransom be refused , the prisoner is irrevocably lost . to the whites of his eyes . fell from his shoulder almost to the ground . my eternal misfortune ! ” and milady twisted her arms as if in a paroxysm of grief . limited either by mountains or rivers , or a change of manners , or an alteration of language . ” bonacieux ’ s unfortunate house , together with the nearest neighbors , heard loud cries , stamping of feet , clashing of swords , and breaking of	226.91744995117188
furniture . gesture , and retraced his route with the same precautions he had used in coming . he had what is very like it , namely , pride . signor <unk> , but do not confine yourself to one trial . effect , i do not see the means . ” . herself , milady could not help starting ; and as in pronouncing the last words lord de winter placed his hand upon the arm of his sister , this start did not escape him . there came to him an albanian who said something to which i paid no attention , but which he always answered in the same tone of voice , either ‘ kill , ’ or ‘ pardon . ’ ” had	159.27716064453125
approached the opening where athos was concealed to tell him that he was about to make an attempt to gain another interview with the king . athos , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i should like better not to risk anything . ” . from <unk> either to <unk> or cairo , or only to naples or rome , and you will see people passing by you in the <unk> erect , smiling , and <unk> , of whom <unk> , if you were holding on by the skirt of his mantle , would say , ‘ that man was poisoned three weeks ago ; he will be a dead man in a month . ’ ” , and the abbé had come to ask his	77.6884765625
young companion to share the luxuries with him . . ” the king had ridden for three years and of which he was very fond . was only in part mistaken ; he himself was not in question , but his horse was . s receipt in a little pocket-book , he added : — “ yes , come at twelve o ’ clock ; i shall then be far away . ” fire yet with his hot blood , for it is not thirty hours since it was drawn from the wound . ” friend ! ” cried milady ; “ and when shall i be avenged ? ” , ” said the duke to those present , who dared not even smile , “ that it	98.23253631591797
is the ‘ illustrious coxcomb ’ who is the greatest thief in the world ; at least , according to pistache . ” was as strong as a judith or a delilah . , and this man thin and lanky , rather tall than otherwise . ” looked around him , and saw no one ; but the sound was repeated distinctly enough to convince him of its reality . me ? . reiterated the duke ; “ there was nothing wanting in my collection , except this <unk> . twenty-five years . ” was at the door ; it was a <unk> conveyance which was elevated to the rank of a private carriage in honor of the occasion , but , in spite of its humble exterior	128.20310974121094
, the young men would have thought themselves happy to have secured it for the last three days of the carnival . with all three , exchanged hats with winter and went out . ourselves the poniards and the rope , ” replied the duke . pretended happiness , then ! ” i conceal anything from you ? ” him , pointing him out to his companions . morcerf , “ my father is most anxious about it ; and i hope , ere long , to introduce you , if not to my wife , at least to my <unk> eugénie danglars . ” most unfortunate kind , monsieur . civilized man ; he was a tiger hurt unto death , gnashing his teeth in his wound	124.85186004638672
. stake the furniture against the horse . ” is captain of this vessel ? ” , are thine , my adored mistress ! ” now , ” said the executioner ; “ you were one of the four grooms . ” passed , and the most <unk> search had been unsuccessful ; the attempted robbery and the murder of the robber by his comrade were almost forgotten in anticipation of the approaching marriage of mademoiselle danglars to the count andrea cavalcanti . would return the following night . , planchet , you shall preserve your reputation as a <unk> man . he knows me , he fears me , and knows what he has to expect of me if ever i escape from his hands . superfluities	117.5230484008789
! were not aware of the circumstances attending his withdrawal from paris , were struck with the worthy appearance , the gentlemanly bearing , and the knowledge of the world displayed by the old patrician , who certainly played the nobleman very well , so long as he said nothing , and made no arithmetical calculations . life , for you are the best , the noblest of created beings ! ” ’ artagnan that this carriage contained the person who had appointed the rendezvous ; the young man was himself astonished to find his heart beat so violently . the holy cross ; i only regret it because she was a woman . ” to be as brave and loyal as you are yourself . ” that	145.90162658691406
, i do not engage myself . , i am going at once to ask franz to lend me the small sum i shall require to supply my present wants . ” . at the canebière . that order , since at that time he was hardly four years old . ” ” open on ? ” good fellow from picardy , who gave him all the information he needed . i am the man you have to do with . letter . ill , dear voiture ? ” asked aramis , half hidden by the window curtain . of it , madame , ” said the cardinal , accompanying his words with a slight shrug of the shoulders ; “ alas , our own wars quite absorb	111.12818145751953
the time and the mind of a poor , incapable , <unk> old minister like me . ” albert . a turn—he is obliged to follow <unk> alongside of the canal there is a shorter road . ’ . effort ; the sight of the young man was evidently painful to him , and there he still was , in fact , on the rock , the beacon shedding around him , as it were , a doubtful <unk> . ” said mousqueton , “ then you have come here only to awaken our regrets . ” provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg™ ’ s goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg™ collection will remain freely available for generations to come	206.2843475341797
. my illness was a comedy ; it would be just the same today , no <unk> since yesterday evening they have had plenty of time to send for a doctor . ” ? ” ; but it will break his heart . gate . ” have just been <unk> louis for a horse which by the manner of his gait can do at least five leagues an hour . ” be arrested . , ” murmured albert , still burning the papers . valentine ; “ i shall not leave my grandfather , —that is an understood thing between us . ” his senses . , as if he had seen a serpent . resolved on depriving the prisoners of their last chance , and making them	94.15118408203125
understand that they were condemned to perpetual imprisonment , a new misfortune befell them ; the gallery on the sea side , which had long been in ruins , was <unk> . the abbé , “ we may hope to put our design into execution . ” me to lay aside the mask , and i will do so , be satisfied ! for us four ; it is too much for us two . , perhaps the sort of ascendancy which she had over other women , gave her the name of “ la <unk> ” mademoiselle paulet took her accustomed seat , but before sitting down , she cast , in all her queen-like grandeur , a look around the room , and her eyes rested	163.8282012939453
on raoul . you do it ? ” asked the lieutenant . as a woman could resist four men . he . morrel , my uncle , who was afterwards a captain . murmured athos . be annoyed if i did not play with him . ” key to your father , ” said he , “ and tomorrow morning , if possible , do not quit him for a moment . ” ? my dear girl , ” said the gascon , who sought for an excuse in his own eyes for breaking the promise he had made athos ; “ you must understand it would be <unk> not to accept such a positive invitation . and i saw him from a distance point me out to	65.6285629272461
them as a fool . ” know english , athos , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but you know it and will interpret for me . ” this impatience to return toward paris had for a cause the danger which mme . know that this was not a political trick , that the minister enraged at seeing me in the opposition , and jealous of the popular sympathy i excite , has not concerted with m. debray to ruin me ? ” , in england two men to whom such an epithet can be applied ? ” next minute madame danglars left her room in a charming loose dress , and came and sat down close to debray . injunction not to give valentine anything ,	157.18930053710938
he went down again to noirtier , shut the doors carefully , and after convincing himself that no one was listening : said he would do his best to please your highness . ” you make such a <unk> an old stager ? ” ” 4th of september , m. morrel asked his daughter for the key of his study . 25 to come downstairs . ” dame nanette sprang to the window , threw it open , and in such a piercing voice that it might have been heard in the square of notre dame : still to <unk> the most distressing period of my life . his duels , his caprices ; then the insurrection in greece broke out , and he had served in the	148.58245849609375
grecian ranks . of your majesty ’ s hand ; if you think you are right in giving them to me , you shall do so , but from this very moment you are free from any obligation to keep them . ” cavalcanti . the train , impetuous as a man who is excited by revenge , and full of confidence , as are those whom god blinds , he had set fire to the wick of <unk> . take long ; it was acting as a supernumerary that was so tedious . ” announced for representation , and the principal actors were coselli , moriani , and la specchia . , ” eagerly replied the wounded man , who doubtless feared that the name of executioner	134.32028198242188
would take from him the last help that he could <unk> “ that is to say , i was , but am no longer ; it is fifteen years since i gave up the office . dear valentine , ” said the baroness , “ that you are , doubtless , suffering . ” monsieur porthos and monsieur aramis ? ” has touched you , as that gentleman said just now . ” of one of my best friends ? ” mattina le quattro mille piastre non sono nelle mie mani , alla sette il conte alberto avrà cessato di <unk> . of sense , who , unlike most men , who are happy in proportion as they are noticed , was delighted to see that the general	214.07058715820312
attention was directed towards his companion . good ? ” this honest citizen for your steward , ” said debray . same sensations , for i felt her tremble . his carriage and returned home . had better not have anything to say to him , for he is not a very <unk> gentleman . ” disquieted , sire . ” the cardinal , made a terrible clamor . had abandoned him and fell back , groaning , upon his bed . them . ” ? ” asked he , by a gesture . trembled in every limb . valet de chambre to retire , and to ali to follow to his study , where they conversed long and earnestly together . will this ball take place ?	113.15540313720703
” asked anne of austria . then ; it is the best thing to do . ” diminished in size as it approached the outside , to an opening through which a child could not have passed , was , for better security , furnished with three iron bars , so as to quiet all apprehensions even in the mind of the most suspicious jailer as to the possibility of a prisoner ’ s escape . , ” cried porthos , “ what precautions for the study of theology ! ” danglars fell into a long seat placed near the chimney . planchet , “ can it be ? ” words in such a low tone , that nothing but morrel ’ s intense interest in what she	120.17407989501953
was saying could have enabled him to hear them . ” pretended to despise the populace ; but he turned visibly pale and ran to his closet , trembling all over , locked up his gold and jewels in his caskets and put his finest diamonds on his fingers . my heart , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you would there read so much curiosity that you would pity me and so much love that you would instantly satisfy my curiosity . ? ” dantès ’ father . ” inquired the owner , eagerly . is my office to know everything . advice prudent . needless quarrel you seek with me , as it seems to me . ” , my lord , but it is	100.82955169677734
a mistake on your part not to employ me . ” to the cabin and <unk> open the door . her beautiful teeth . obeyed . here by heaven ! ” the travelers were firm , and he was obliged to do as they wished . ? ” mother . ” on the desk that he could not see to whom it was addressed . ” not content myself with looking , but i took my knife out of my pocket , felt that the point was sharp , and sprang over the wall . them a visit , listened to their conversation , or rather was present at it , plunged in his accustomed state of apathy . ” said the young man , “ that i	75.55854797363281
should be exceedingly grieved to leave it . ” danglars , “ you appear to me a good sort of fellow , and hang me , i should like to help you , but—— ” ’ artagnan had observed , was the way to blois . monte cristo gravely , and gazing earnestly on the two liquid pearls that trickled down julie ’ s cheeks , “ had lord wilmore seen what i now see , he would become attached to life , for the tears you shed would reconcile him to mankind ; ” and he held out his hand to julie , who gave him hers , carried away by the look and accent of the count . d ’ artagnan ; “ on this side	128.39404296875
i think the cardinal will be well <unk> ” he pressed the hand of the lord of pierrefonds and went in search of athos . not with me ; he serves under monsieur dessessart . ” to a private room only to tell me this , you might have saved yourself the trouble . you play , too , when you are on guard ? ” three , four , five , ” said monte cristo ; “ five <unk> what a <unk> you are ! ” then ? ” you , count , ” said he , bowing , “ that i have received a letter of advice from thomson & french , of rome . ” cried the young girl , out of breath , and	69.82986450195312
half dead with <unk> “ saved , you are saved ! ” and she threw herself into his arms , holding in her extended hand a red , netted silk purse . that of your friends will soon be known ; and all the nobility of france would demand an explanation of your disappearance . wash my hands of the affair . ” to <unk> , in case your prosperity should cease . d ’ artagnan , “ when our embassy is <unk> ” valentine , confess that what i say is true , lest i be tempted to call you unjust . ” had done before , and preceded by their sergeants , advanced to receive their illustrious guest . deserted , and think you also poor	153.7229461669922
, for i alone know your real financial position , and am quite ready to give up my accounts as an honest partner . ” pierce with his eager looks the remotest verge of the horizon , examining attentively every black speck which appeared on the lake , while my mother , reclining by his side , rested her head on his shoulder , and i played at his feet , admiring everything i saw with that <unk> innocence of childhood which throws a charm round objects insignificant in themselves , but which in its eyes are invested with the greatest importance . abbé alone with caderousse , who had not yet revived . . her , then , that lovely and noble queen , that you speak	262.7158508300781
of her thus ! ” cried the novice , with enthusiasm . circle of witty abbés and pretty women ; everything goes on <unk> , so certainly , dear friend , i shall not meddle in politics . ” no reason because you have not seen an execution at paris , that you should not see one anywhere else ; when you travel , it is to see everything . ’ s paper , ” cried beauchamp . our neighbor , wasilio , was at bastia , leaving no person in his house but his wife ; no human creature beside could hear or see anything that took place within our dwelling . words with a simplicity that did honor to his courtesy , without throwing the least	185.67372131347656
doubt upon his courage . come to draw , but i don ’ t know how much ! ” , since i have found this brave man again in so miraculous a manner . cristo glanced through <unk> of bushes and trees , and was soon relieved from all anxiety , for seeing a shadow glide between the yew-trees , monte cristo recognized him whom he sought . ” the garden ? ” my friend ’ s the worthy abbé adelmonte , who taught me the use of it . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . old grandfather , ” said beauchamp . your hopes ; the anger of heaven will not pursue us , since you are pure and i am innocent . going to	98.26851654052734
take him to a villa a league from rome ; the frenchman assured him he would follow him to the end of the world . justice has its formalities . ” , tréville . ” ” said mme . a mission to her majesty , the queen of england . ” question , he dragged the table beneath the window . on his way . until five o ’ clock ; be punctual , and we shall arrive at twelve or one . ” means are limited , and that i am what would be designated a man of moderate pretensions . during the last carnival . ” placed in the <unk> of the boat , between the gendarmes , while the officer stationed himself at the bow	90.24771118164062
; a <unk> sent the boat <unk> , and four <unk> oarsmen impelled it rapidly towards the <unk> . the latter , closing the register with a <unk> , “ i have all i want ; now it is for me to perform my promise . remained under the arbor ; do you not remember , that while you were seated on a stone bench , and while , as i told you , mademoiselle de villefort and your young son were absent , you conversed for a considerable time with somebody ? ” should return , and renée , far from pleading for dantès , hated the man whose crime separated her from her lover . returned monte cristo “ you know full well that whenever we	162.14120483398438
part , it will be no fault or wish of mine ; the tree <unk> not the <unk> flower falls from the tree . ” say that i received a letter almost to the same effect . ” porthos , “ i have heard that he had adopted a young man who resembles him greatly . ” diabolical expression with which the young man uttered these words . , ” replied the musketeers , in a hollow voice . heard one of their friends , monsieur d ’ artagnan , say a great deal about them . ” artagnan , ” said aramis , “ don ’ t be too angry with me , i beg . remember him . ” nothing and entered the tent . perfectly	62.273502349853516
corresponds with the features and character of the man before us . an officer like you , with a fierce moustache and a long sabre , but they think they may crush a poor weeping girl with impunity . ” or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541 . , ” said he to planchet , when the latter added the portmanteau to the equipment . of marvellous beauty appear on the threshold of the door separating the two rooms . this remark , which was , however , so rude that madame danglars blushed . , and say to you : friend felton , john , my child , guard me , and more particularly guard yourself , against this woman . that door , ” he said	201.9084930419922
, “ which leads into the next house , which i have rented . ” . you sleep ? ” said d ’ artagnan . . ” which beauchamp had so generously destroyed , appeared again like an armed phantom ; and another paper , deriving its information from some <unk> source , had published two days after albert ’ s departure for normandy the few lines which had rendered the unfortunate young man almost crazy . ” de monte cristo is our enemy ? ” replied mercédès , becoming paler than the sheet which covered her . opportunity , the coachman leaped from his box ; but ali had promptly seized the nostrils of the second horse , and held them in his iron grasp , till	146.74705505371094
the beast , <unk> with pain , sunk beside his companion . ’ cried selim . true , ” said maximilian , and he again <unk> into his thoughtful mood . harnesses , either against one horse or a hundred pistoles . signor pastrini himself ran to him , <unk> himself for having made his excellency wait , <unk> the waiters , taking the <unk> from the porter , who was ready to pounce on the traveller and was about to lead him to albert , when morcerf himself appeared . inn , anywhere , they ask ‘ are you one of the fronde ? ’ they <unk> , and that ’ s all that is said . could ! . are going to <unk> a traveller ,	119.85132598876953
sinbad the sailor , a man who comes to see paris ; you are going to make a patriarch of him . ” , and distributed the crusts without soup to the impatient clerks . the <unk> perception of a lover , quickly understood the circumstances in which she was involuntarily placed , and he was comforted . <unk> flask , monsieur mousqueton ? the young <unk> , and , enchanted with this excess of zeal , came down to the first floor , for he was , in truth , working in his room on the second . ” cried the jesuit ; “ the world still speaks within you in a loud voice , <unk> <unk> . sacrificed them to the selfish consideration of gaining some	139.22474670410156
thousands of paltry francs . almost mad , stood speechless . foreseen , at the expiration of a half hour , d ’ artagnan returned . heaven , my lord ! ” cried mme . it had another entrance , and the courtyard was paved and empty ; while today we have a splendid lawn , bordered by trees which appear to be a hundred years old . ” having a companion who entertains the least fear . ” passed through marseilles , and went to see the old place , which revived so many painful recollections ; and in the evening i took a spade and dug in the corner of the garden where i had concealed my treasure . name ? ” replied the youth ,	131.2509307861328
with deep respect , “ and i have performed the commission that you gave me . ” to you from the island of elba . ” his friends , as if to say , “ well , what did i tell you ? ” . ” athos . whatever ? ” each of them leave of absence for fifteen days , that is all—to athos , whose wound still makes him suffer , to go to the waters of forges ; to porthos and aramis to accompany their friend , whom they are not willing to abandon in such a painful condition . rays of a star , and the walls , dug into niches , which were arranged one above the other in the shape of <unk>	97.81998443603516
, showed that they were at last in the catacombs . of edmond ’ s eager inquiries as to the information jacopo had obtained . short by six feet . ” tréville , hold your tongue , ” said the king . in the direction indicated , and found one of those exterior staircases that are still to be seen in the yards of our old-fashioned taverns . thought of you at home . ” my name . ” ” dantès rose and looked forward , when he saw rise within a hundred yards of him the black and frowning rock on which stands the château d ’ if . lead his prisoner off the battle-field . , and attribute this violence to what i suffer . you	148.3218231201172
must have observed , to obey an <unk> you did not , i am sure , come from portsmouth hither without endeavoring to make him speak . wish you to reflect . ” my comb ? ” ; this island is a mass of rocks , and does not contain an acre of land capable of cultivation . ” and the gracchi , <unk> and out at elbows , with one hand resting on the hip and the other gracefully curved above the head , stared at the traveller , the post-chaise , and the horses ; to these were added about fifty little <unk> from the papal states , who earned a <unk> by <unk> into the tiber at high water from the bridge of st. angelo	217.82693481445312
. , ” said m. de tréville ; “ and if at the expiration of ten minutes you do not see me come out , return to my hôtel , for it will be useless for you to wait for me longer . ” there also . ” in the most natural way possible , ” replied he to whom they had given the title of count . as ever ? , to tell them that at the moment at which , discouraged by so many fruitless investigations , we were about to abandon our search , we at length found , guided by the counsels of our illustrious friend <unk> paris , a manuscript in <unk> , endorsed <unk> or <unk> , we do not recollect which	91.0355453491211
, having for title , “ memoirs of the comte de la fère , touching some events which passed in france toward the end of the reign of king louis xiii . to be in a good ship dancing upon the waves of that <unk> sea ; you would like very well , either on land or on the ocean , to lay for me one of those nice little <unk> you are so skillful in planning . the dish of beans was still there ; the dish of beans had disappeared . tell you . ” course , still escorted by the little cutter , which sailed side by side with it , menacing it with the mouths of its six cannon . said d ’ artagnan	179.05245971679688
, “ i should indeed <unk> with you had i not at this moment something very pressing to attend to . ” protecting them openly , as you know , gave countenance to volunteer assistance . to frenzy , arose from the report morcerf ’ s adventure had made in the world , for the affair at the opera was generally known . their several posts , except that grimaud lay on a truss of straw across the doorway . question i put to you on entering the room ? —where do you keep the poison you generally use , madame ? ” ” replied the young man ; “ i will remain with monsieur le comte . ” replied mordaunt , with his harsh and bantering tone	152.4391326904297
, “ you are mistaken ; you will not have me turned out this time as you did in <unk> dare not . the horrors of remorse ! very much like a man who is going to be murdered . ” ’ s lodging , which he had been forced to abandon more precipitately than he expected , papers were found which confirmed this alliance and which , as the cardinal <unk> in his memoirs , strongly compromised mme . , ” said planchet , presenting the billet to the young man . wife to take leave . <unk> at this ; but athos put his hand upon his shoulder , with a smile , and d ’ artagnan understood that it was all very well for such	90.41569519042969
a little gascon gentleman as himself to drive a bargain , but not for a man who had the bearing of a prince . ? ” meet with any of those episodes with which your adventurous existence has so <unk> you ; our <unk> is <unk> , our <unk> is mount <unk> , our great desert is the plain of grenelle , where they are now boring an <unk> well to water the caravans . to see you , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ although i am not yet sure that it is aramis i am speaking to . ” around the town and imbibe a little fog . ” a few of those nice little rabbits , and some of those delicious partridges , of	128.15609741210938
which you used to make <unk> at the <unk> ? their chamber , the door of which was left open on the pretext of kindly consideration . come ? ” asked the prince in a low voice , addressing his brother . attendant , and bade her inquire whether it would be agreeable to her mistress to receive his visit . appears that we are the <unk> of the society . looked toward the spot where the <unk> had been wrecked , and started . acknowledged no other king but his eminence . aramis , ” replied the musketeer . may not be visited upon him ! ” d ’ artagnan reply ? ” <unk> on your account , and delight with that noble girl , thus pursuing	89.10697937011719
paternal vengeance . of the sailors wrecked last night . cellar the key of which never leaves him ; only this cellar has a ventilating hole . light . ” an act valid , i must be certain of the approbation or <unk> of my client . athos in the name of himself and his comrades . know why he bought it ? ” count de guiche , ” continued the young man ; “ my father is the marechal de grammont ; and now that you know who i am , do me the honor to inform me who you are . ” . ” . ” pleased to have , instead of this terrace of twenty feet , an enclosure of two acres ? ” piece	104.35186767578125
of folly , ” said athos , “ but it can ’ t be helped ; there is no drawing back . for that clever personage who lives at tours . ” time ; <unk> ” monte cristo took the pistols he held in his hand when mercédès entered , and fixing an ace of clubs against the iron plate , with four shots he successively shot off the four sides of the club . inquired the jeweller , ‘ is the cash all right ? ’ given by the king the minister persuaded his majesty to insist upon the queen ’ s appearing in them as part of her jewels at a ball which was soon to take place . d ’ artagnan continued , “ you	165.7742919921875
were <unk> mean to say , <unk> a murderer , and now—— ” ? ” said the young captain . must take leave of you for a few days ; so , ” added he , turning to renée , “ judge for yourself if it be not important . ” other door , athos and aramis . been done by porthos and d ’ artagnan afterward they were as ignorant as all the inhabitants of the chateau . anne ; “ but that idea , if at last i have it—— ” ” asked athos . order that there might be no time lost , had saddled his horse himself . athos , “ i recur to my first proposal . the spot at the death of	76.2551498413086
ali pasha . ” said caderousse , “ eat of my bread , and take my advice ; you will be none the worse off , <unk> or <unk> . ” ill , ” said the duke , “ and she desired me to excuse her to your majesty . ” guard that night at the palais royal , ran in . , but above all , prudence , and think what you owe to the queen . ” , and to judge of everything for myself , hoping the explanation would be in your father ’ s favor , and that i might do him justice . wish to be enlightened on the subject . ” , without approving or <unk> . interrogated the countess , and	68.26097106933594
received from her a gracious smile in token that he would be welcome , sought not to retard the <unk> of albert ’ s eager impatience , but began at once the tour of the house , closely followed by albert , who availed himself of the few minutes required to reach the opposite side of the theatre to settle the height and <unk> of his collar , and to arrange the <unk> of his coat . staggered against the wall like a drunken man , then he hurried to the opening that led from the abbé ’ s cell to his own , and said , “ i must be alone , to think over all this . ” right in so thinking , ” said the	119.15896606445312
man ; “ i came here direct from the castle of st. angelo , and i had an immense deal of trouble before i could get a chance to speak to beppo . ” the stranger , “ since you do not recognize a man who probably owes his life to you twice , i must name myself . his eyes as though awaking from a dream . said monte cristo . , betrayed . , before god who hears us , that if you betray me , and my enemies pardon me , i will kill myself , while accusing you of my death . ” striking , albert . ” said she , “ what a senseless fanatic ! were yet more apparent ; these horsemen	105.59678649902344
, whoever they might be , had halted there . with one woman so ready to do justice to the charms of another as yourself , ” responded lucien , raising his <unk> to his eye . , does it not , sir ? ” inquired caderousse . must have held her breath , or moved in some slight degree , for the woman , disturbed , stopped and leaned over the bed , in order the better to ascertain whether valentine slept : it was madame de villefort . , and formed round the <unk> and lanterns of the jetty a circle like that which surrounds the moon when the weather threatens to become rainy . ” said the italian . that he performed from time to	152.4665985107422
time some of those early masses which the common people , generally , alone attended . been mentioned first , it was the secretary who first made his appearance . remained a long time beneath the water . the work , will you not ? ” the captain of a vessel . of state , ” continued d ’ artagnan , complying with the recommendation . named , ” whispered the inspector in his turn . ? ” inquired valentine . after the disappearance of the officer , when the door opened , and a new personage entered . his oath gave him strength to proceed . s adventures . an <unk> , you shall be convinced ; take my clerk to the bank , and you will	101.49044036865234
see him leave it with an order on the treasury for the same sum . ” . in need of all her strength . kitty presented herself at d ’ artagnan ’ s , she was no longer joyous and alert as on the two preceding days ; but on the contrary sad as death . d ’ artagnan , “ no noise . a murmur escaped me . , saying , “ it is very warm , and the heat affects m. <unk> ” he then returned to his place , but did not sit down . ; but feeling himself urged forward , and having neither the power nor the intention to resist , he mounted the steps , and was in an instant seated inside	116.41447448730469
between two gendarmes ; the two others took their places opposite , and the carriage rolled heavily over the stones . sound of a piece of furniture being removed . he became silent and gazed straight before him like one overwhelmed with a strange and <unk> thought . and practical men will always support the opinion , that money <unk> many trials ; and if you admit the efficacy of this sovereign balm , you ought to be very easily <unk> , the king of finance , the focus of <unk> power . ” be a nabob . whose confessor i am , ’ replied he , ‘ and who entertains a high regard for me , applied to me a short time since to procure him a	200.4888916015625
confidential servant . do again what i have done here , and the results would be instantly destroyed if our jailers knew we had communicated with each other . said the queen , “ that they want to take the king away from me ? ” danglars , “ he is not one yet . ” minute , and they were obliged to support him on his horse . the slip , ” said eugénie ; “ this woman to whom we have given twenty louis may betray us for forty ; we will soon alter our direction . ” the light of bazin ’ s taper , the two friends continued their road and a quarter of an hour later they had joined de winter at the	94.14373016357422
porte saint denis . to tell all . so . , that they had insisted on my keeping the matter a secret , and begged me not to tell you anything of it . that cold and naked <unk> , who was accustomed to <unk> which heated the house from the hall to the boudoir ; she had not even one little <unk> whose apartment had been a conservatory of costly <unk> . morcerf , “ i may as well be <unk> , and tear myself away to forward your wishes . ! mistaken that in ten minutes you shall be arrested , and in an hour i shall set off at the head of my army to release my minister . ” ” said beauchamp . ”	94.05009460449219
his back than the officer laid himself down in it , and he had scarcely crossed the threshold before his successor , in his turn , was <unk> <unk> . will refresh your memory . cried morrel , “ when i left her dying ? ” of normandy , ” replied the queen , “ i think i can promise ; but with regard to the present , the cardinal is always telling me there is no more money in the royal coffers . ” ? ” i decide . ” <unk> me , he transports me ; the day after tomorrow he <unk> me among the infamous . ’ door , open by day but generally closed at night . how vivid his eye , how <unk>	117.54983520507812
his hair , and his brow , though so pale , is free from wrinkles , —he is not only vigorous , but also young . ” you have committed toward me , madame ! excellent memory ; and i will be bound that sooner than relinquish any possible means of vengeance , he will allow himself to be beaten to death . room in which edward slept ; for though the child went to school during the day , his mother could not allow him to be separated from her at night . made an agreement with death to outlive all his heirs , and he appears likely to succeed . a <unk> beauty a year before he was born could not be the subject of any	175.90185546875
scheme for him . me ? ” she asked , in great distress . that we had rendered service to general cromwell , instead of king charles , which would have been a disgrace , <unk> from us to him , and from him to your <unk> dishonor which would have tainted the royalty of your illustrious son . remained in the lane mounted to the aid of comminges ; those who were in the chariot opened the doors and presented arms . the sergeant , with a cunning smile , “ you are mazarinists , who are sent as spies . ” something ? ” added athos , coolly . ! direction of portsmouth , which he saw at nearly half a league before him , standing	103.37334442138672
out in the <unk> of the morning , with its houses and towers . cousin . king . their horses to the lackey who had opened the door , and disappeared in the garden . , “ ah , madame coquenard ! of the lemonade into the <unk> of his hand , put his lips to it , and after having rinsed his mouth as a man does when he is tasting wine , he spat the liquor into the fireplace . villefort retired to his study , at eight m. d ’ avrigny himself arrived , bringing the night draught prepared for the young girl , and then m. noirtier was carried away . s silence , and then a voice , in excellent french , although	104.16578674316406
, with a foreign accent , said : then , is of opinion that she gave them to buckingham ? ” and i will put it in the place of the name of charlotte backson . ” , when m. de villefort sent to tell valentine to be ready in the drawing-room in half an hour , as he expected the notary and m. d ’ épinay and his witnesses . joy at the peaceful termination of the affair , and was loud in his expressions of delight . albert , whose brow reddened ; “ you think m. danglars—— ” _fêtes_ are over ; the italian opera is in london ; the french opera everywhere except in paris . it ! ” said he , with the	123.7020492553711
resignation of a fanatic ; but without , however , being able to take his eyes from that ship , on board of which he doubtless fancied he could distinguish the white outline of her to whom he had sacrificed his life . by the private stairs and you will find me at the door . ” returned to town with emmanuel and maximilian . us not lose such an opportunity , ” returned monte cristo . sir , to hear that . ” i presume that every town in france is indifferent to you ; if you prefer another , name it ; but you can easily conceive that , surrounded as i am by influences i can only muzzle by discretion , i desire your presence	138.82711791992188
in paris to be unknown . ” , ” replied aramis . give them to you . ” else ? with a glance of profound contempt . sir , ” exclaimed morrel , raising himself on one knee , his heart pierced by a more acute pang than any he had yet <unk> “ you are mistaken ; valentine , dying as she has , not only requires a priest , but an avenger . inquired the young girl , trembling with apprehension . ” sound ceased , as if by magic . give orders here , and not you . ” break our bonds . surveillance over the duke . clock when they arrived . me that my <unk> also his majesty ’ s guards ; and	94.2340087890625
whoever serves in a french corps serves the king . ” fere . ” eyes , <unk> raised to heaven , and recognized friquet . heard on all sides . notary to be sent for immediately ? ” monte cristo , “ since we mutually understand each <unk> such i presume is the case ? ” danglars bowed <unk> . the duke , “ but take care , my dear la ramee , for i propose to beat you badly . ” . they had left it . had actually pierced the cards in the exact places which the painted signs would otherwise have occupied , the lines and distances being as regularly kept as if they had been ruled with pencil . ” the interior of the	175.7357635498047
inn and the apparent poverty of the persons who were about to sell him a diamond that seemed to have come from the casket of a prince . of <unk> ; and francis the first , who was , as i have heard say , as good as other folks , nevertheless lost the battle of <unk> . ” you ? ” returned ( with the exception of one , who remained at the shore ) to their fire , at which the carcass of a goat was roasting . , and took up his pen and wrote : who , hearing of faria ’ s illness from the jailer , had come in person to see him . ” cried caderousse , almost breathless with eager admiration	117.86156463623047
, “ you say , is worth fifty thousand francs ? ” have ever the honor to go there , ” continued m. d ’ artagnan the elder , “ —an honor to which , remember , your ancient nobility gives you the <unk> worthily your name of gentleman , which has been worthily borne by your ancestors for five hundred years , both for your own sake and the sake of those who belong to you . worthy gentleman , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ pick out the longest , and come and show it to me this evening . ” plank , took out a flask of wine , drank some , and then passed it to his companion . he say then ?	108.93309783935547
” more kindly used than on the previous day , stopped at arras at four o ’ clock in the evening . madame ; i create nothing . by the arms and <unk> , forced him to rise , and dragged him towards the steps that lead to the gate of the fortress , while the police officer carrying a musket with fixed <unk> followed behind . as your surety and friendly adviser , ” said monte cristo , “ did i not possess a moral distrust of my best friends , and a sort of inclination to lead others to doubt them too ; therefore , in departing from this rule , i should ( as the actors say ) be playing a part quite out of	167.953125
my line , and should , therefore , run the risk of being <unk> , which would be an act of folly . ” think of the music ? ” she , “ do not smile ; it ill <unk> with the expression of your countenance , and i am sure it does not spring from your heart . noble patron annotating ancient volumes , and eagerly searching amongst dusty family <unk> . have said , was to follow as soon as his bed of justice had been held ; but on rising from his bed of justice on the twenty-eighth of june , he felt himself attacked by fever . a line or two , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ read the letter again from	125.76318359375
the commencement . ” dreamed that the panels of his carriage were not capacious enough to contain the armorial bearings he had ordered to be painted on them . charles , “ that is a severe chastisement for a very trifling fault . ” man attack porthos rather than any other one of us ? ” asked aramis . , ” added the curate , groaning , “ do not regret the devil , i implore you ! ” ” said aramis , almost involuntarily ; “ i fancied that i recognized mazarin himself . ” ’ avrigny , listen ! ” save athos to gayety . been occupied with the preparations , and <unk> no one but himself , he had visited personally the successor of pere	130.2441864013672
marteau . ” steward transacts all this business for me . ” in the name of the interest with which i inspire you , in the name of the service you have rendered me and which i never shall forget while i have life . ” said athos . a little concerned for his safety after his recent <unk> , declared that he would follow d ’ artagnan even to the end of the world , either by the road to the right or by that to the left ; only he begged his former master to set out in the evening , for greater security to himself . you. ” the count watched albert , waving his hand to him . perusal , he folded the letter	120.77566528320312
and resumed his pensive attitude . have us to do here , now that the king is dead ? ” , sire , ” said the <unk> . the right and to the left , and drew himself up with a movement full of dignity . true . ? ” to presume on this , and also to be beforehand with them , i have , if agreeable to you , thought of inviting m. and madame danglars , and m. and madame de villefort , to my country-house at auteuil . this wine <unk> , and sighed deeply . and opening the door exclaimed in a voice choked with sobs : ” said d ’ artagnan , sorrowfully ; “ and you abuse my love . ”	89.86968231201172
the sounds spread to a distance beneath the vaulted roofs , and carried with them a magic charm to soften the hearts of her jailers . heavy , and too firmly <unk> , to be moved by anyone man , were he hercules himself . again flashed , but that was all ; he merely repeated his phrase , “ i will go , ” —and he went . to say to you . ” ” , of king charles ! somewhat consoled by d ’ artagnan , who the next day told him that in all probability war would always be carried on in the heart of paris and within reach of the chateau du vallon , which was near corbeil , or bracieux , which was	173.1621856689453
near melun , and of pierrefonds , which was between compiegne and villars-cotterets . replied vampa coolly . you for this , monsieur baptistin ; but let your profits end here . precautions . ” he taken ten steps before he returned . ” mine . ” <unk> thing i have ever met with in the course of my extensive foreign transactions , and you may readily suppose it has greatly roused my curiosity . artagnan ’ s chamber , it was empty ; the landlord , dreading the consequences of the encounter which was doubtless about to take place between the young man and the stranger , had , consistent with the character he had given himself , judged it prudent to decamp . ’ said the	166.61947631835938
jeweller , <unk> with rain , ‘ i am not destined to return to beaucaire tonight . deal , it seems to me. ” and he sat down in the hall , choosing a conspicuous place . , i should die too . ” your mistress , a man has seduced your wife , a man has dishonored your daughter ; he has rendered the whole life of one who had the right to expect from heaven that portion of happiness god has promised to everyone of his creatures , an existence of misery and infamy ; and you think you are avenged because you send a ball through the head , or pass a sword through the breast , of that man who has planted madness in	156.73692321777344
your brain , and despair in your heart . have been found fault with as too large , displayed teeth of pearly whiteness , rendered still more conspicuous by the brilliant <unk> of her lips , contrasting vividly with her naturally pale complexion . artagnan ’ s opinion ; we have no time to lose in regaining our camp . ” that is to say , highway robbers . ” and be happy , beloved children of my heart , and never forget that until the day when god shall deign to reveal the future to man , all human wisdom is <unk> up in these two words , — ‘ _wait and <unk> ’ —your friend , of extreme kindness and benevolence the thanks which morrel lavished	234.14022827148438
on him for his timely intervention on behalf of valentine and <unk> intervention which had saved them from despair . are mining for the outer wall of the fortress . ” ” cried mordaunt , “ come to me ! are hesitating ! ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ if we hesitate what will the servants do ? ” , ” said buckingham ; “ but remain within sound of the bell . rupture of a <unk> on the <unk> of the brain has destroyed all this , not in a day , not in an hour , but in a second . whether i ever told you that when i was at college i was <unk> strong in greek . ” to something . ” after	90.71721649169922
this <unk> he closed his eyes as if dazzled by internal light . you who have but now in this chamber , seated in this chair i now fill , made an engagement with cardinal richelieu to cause the duke of buckingham to be assassinated , in exchange for the promise he has made you to allow you to assassinate d ’ artagnan . ” . way of speaking . , madame , all that your majesty pleases . ” terms so moving , that even the officer was touched , and , although firm in his duty , he kindly said , “ my worthy friend , let me beg of you to calm your apprehensions . glass of wine will not be disagreeable to you ?	126.78703308105469
” simple man ; that ’ s my great disadvantage . farther , ” said the other . its effect upon the clerks , who began to laugh ; but porthos turned sharply round , and every countenance quickly recovered its gravity . , ” said the gentleman , drawing the paper from his pocket ; “ here it is . ” , and hesitated . to see her uncle ; and by chance was there yesterday at the same time that i was , and it was my duty to offer to conduct her to her carriage . ” sharp lookout for them ; and if we lay hands on them his eminence may be assured they will be reconducted to paris under a good escort .	121.32239532470703
” he said , “ it seems , my dear friend , that something vexes you ; you are ill , perhaps ? laugh at the horse that would not dare to laugh at the master , ” cried the young <unk> of the furious tréville . you that you have sufficiently repaid your debt , and that from this moment i will pray to god to forgive you , as i do . ” ” said caderousse , “ all my happiness is <unk> by one thought ? ” not to do any harm to the sentry , except as a last resort ? ” ” said the priest , “ that the young man concerning whom i asked you was said to bear the name of	69.2813949584961
edmond . ” excellent ones , which would be universally preferred to all others if once known . madame morrel . gigantic bandit , with large eyes , thick lips , and a flat nose ; his red hair fell in dishevelled masses like <unk> around his shoulders . for those latitudes , ” said the englishman ; “ i should have taken four reefs in the topsails and furled the spanker . ” that to be the case , ” said cavalcanti . what is the letter you have just read ? —a lover ’ s deception , which the woman who has married that man ought certainly to forgive ; but not so the lover who was to have married her . , i have <unk>	167.32728576660156
my first order , but i will not disobey the second ; and if you move , i will blow your brains out. ” and he levelled his carbine at dantès , who felt the muzzle against his temple . very evening to tréville , whom i will request to ask this favor for me of his brother-in-law , monsieur dessessart . ” heard in the ante-room and without any announcement the marechal de la meilleraie appeared at the door . done already ? ” that this hand has stricken ? s proposition he instantly winked his eyes . finger-nails slightly grating against the door of the library informed valentine that the count was still watching , and recommended her to do the same ; at the same	168.9523468017578
time , on the opposite side , that is towards edward ’ s room , valentine fancied that she heard the creaking of the floor ; she listened attentively , holding her breath till she was nearly suffocated ; the lock turned , and the door slowly opened . parts ? ” asked caderousse ; “ you only mentioned four persons . ” the englishman , “ is it you , my master ? you are really too fanciful ; you will not love even me long . you give me , ” asked she , “ if i consent to confide this message to you ? ” her questions in order to gain one answer , but to all her inquiries m. de villefort remained mute and	105.1407699584961
cold as a statue . ” said m. de beaufort , “ this wonderful animal , not finding here what i ask for , seeks it out of doors ; you shall , however , have his answer . your death ? not break your legs in stumbling over some chain or your neck by falling in a hole . ” are in a constant state of change . ball took off his enemy ’ s hat . lost ! ” cried the queen , in the fullness of a broken heart . to do so , the contemptible fellow . quite alone . ” shed a tear . of it , and saying to yourself , ‘ you , who pursue crime so <unk> , answer now	147.26992797851562
, why are there unpunished crimes in your dwelling ? ’ ” the baroness became pale . detain you some time longer , but i will strive to make it as short as possible . believe such is the case , i do not affirm it ; besides , liberty of conscience is established in france . ” ! —it would be necessary to prove what tribunal had imposed it on me , and i could have made a public appeal to all the tribunals of the kingdom ; but the brand of france ! —oh , by that , by <unk> i was branded indeed ! ” the guide ; “ i said to myself , ‘ something is always left in a cell inhabited by one	187.41429138183594
prisoner for fifteen years , ’ so i began to sound the wall . ” few steps into the apartment . ! ” cried d ’ artagnan to the coachman ; then turning to mazarin he said , “ now , my lord , you can say five <unk> and five <unk> , in thanks to heaven for your deliverance . come out of the wood , and entered the carriage . heart he had often had a feeling of pity for this unhappy young man who suffered so ; and he laid the request of number 34 before the governor ; but the latter <unk> imagined that dantès wished to conspire or attempt an escape , and refused his request . thing ; namely , to find	102.54922485351562
a man who will not fight . ” allow yourself to be <unk> by vain hopes , that even your own excellent heart refuses to believe in . his arm , and commanded silence . drink ? ” her mistress that he could not be more grateful for her kindnesses than he was , and that he would be obedient to her orders . almost masculine look morcerf found so little to his taste , was a dark <unk> , of much larger dimensions than these freaks of nature generally are , placed just at the corner of her mouth ; and the effect tended to increase the expression of <unk> that characterized her countenance . of this privileged apartment consisted of old cabinets , filled with chinese	218.66091918945312
porcelain and japanese vases , lucca della <unk> <unk> , and <unk> <unk> ; of old armchairs , in which perhaps had sat henry iv . of the king was now and then uttered <unk> amid all these cardinal jests , a sort of gag seemed to close for a moment on all these jeering mouths . , then seeing that she paused , she said , “ don ’ t you know a gentleman named athos ? ” villefort , that you are talking in a most dreadfully revolutionary strain ? , everyone seemed occupied , franz with his <unk> , the sailors with their sails , the smugglers with their goat ; but in the midst of all this carelessness it was evident that they mutually	229.39334106445312
observed each other . look very gloomy , madame . ” <unk> . wrong . forefinger bent . ? ” absorbed in an interesting conversation with m. cavalcanti , he paid no attention to anything that was passing . i . ” not guilty . count de rochefort ? ” to the court ; some to witness the sight , others to comment upon it . into mine ; i will not say without trouble , for if i did i should tell a lie . ” , a marchioness , or a countess , it would be quite a different thing ; it would be unpardonable . ” what i do not know . in flowery paths . ” ” continued he . only four or <unk>	98.9188003540039
had nearly fifty years to live . that i can not help being jealous , even of the past . ” and fainted . this ? ” in paris for about a fortnight , telling the world you are abandoned , and relating the details of this <unk> to your best friends , who will soon spread the report . . he would die without saying more , for he exclaimed eagerly : the village , talking of indifferent things , then as they reached the last houses : , and then stopped to open a door , then went forward again . ” said d ’ artagnan . ye , ” they cried , allowing it to pass . as one can well believe took place between	114.69404602050781
him and lord de winter . <unk> ; but i should say it was two lovers walking side by side , and hand in hand . , my dear child . valet , who never left the door , entered in reply to the call . s made the gascon regret that he had summoned the brute force of his friend to aid him in an affair which seemed to require chiefly cunning . her shoulder ? ” de chatillon . ” d ’ artagnan ; “ i know what you mean . ” . one of the lights of the church . monte cristo ; “ god grant i may not have done too much already . ” unfortunate , but it is not your fault ,	68.02153015136719
thank god ! m. de villefort . always one response which <unk> women . head to foot in the garb of the count of san-felice ’ s daughter . electronic works your life in coveting that which you might have honorably acquired ; and already you contemplated crime under the excuse of want , when god worked a miracle in your behalf , sending you , by my hands , a <unk> , indeed , for you , who had never possessed any . crushed it , and i die . ” as the rest ? ” , my brave athos will die ! ” the crowd for some time , but at length he lost sight of them in the via <unk> . ; it <unk> the	139.59368896484375
countenance , and those around me do not then appear so ugly . , monsieur dulaurier . ” said felton , “ and row quickly . ” impossible ! profound silence , and laid rita at the captain ’ s feet . athos . fortune is inconstant , as the chaplain of the regiment said . , and those of his very best ! i lost . ” the duke , “ i must confess i sometimes think of it . ” ” a little , i hope , ” replied athos , in a tone of emotion . door opened , the scene changed . his mouth with unsteady hand , and swallowed the contents at a gulp . said mazarin in his softest voice ; “	100.34808349609375
i have an order to give you . ” yet pronounce him guilty . ” ” monte cristo took a paper from his pocket , upon which were drawn three signs , with numbers to indicate the order in which they were to be worked . why you stopped at the island of elba ? ” reply that i desire , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ the only one worthy of you and of me ! ” they drew up the <unk> before the king was taken ? ” eyes on marseilles . so ! ” replied athos . ” , madame , ” said he . death of poor felton ; i pardon you for the attempts upon my own person . on his account	67.5852279663086
? ” of the <unk> , with the rigid inflexibility of neck and shoulders which caused his flatterers to say ( as we have before observed ) that he was the living statue of the law . madame , ” the cardinal hastened to say , in order to cut short the explanation he foresaw was coming , “ with regard to you , that is another thing . , ” exclaimed the wife ; “ for you have become pale in your turn . ” the young officer , “ speak , then , speak ! ” ’ s adventure <unk> the young man . ” in a conversation with anne of austria , to obtain some information from that conversation , and afterward to come upon	92.36580657958984
his eminence with some secret which the cardinal either knew or did not know , but which , in either case , would raise him infinitely in the eyes of his minister . concise and eloquent . and waited . ” said franz , “ it would be the easiest thing in the world ; for i feel eagle ’ s wings springing out at my shoulders , and with those wings i could make a tour of the world in four-and-twenty hours . ” , which a custom-house officer held by a chain , near the quay . gentlemen , so please you ; i have plenty of time , and it will be more correct . not the judge , but the executioner . ” similar	149.5313262939453
letters to that you have yourself received ; one from the house of arstein & eskeles of vienna , to baron rothschild , the other drawn by <unk> of london , upon m. <unk> . assembled at one of these moments , a word , thrown forth occasionally with a violent effort , was the share athos furnished to the conversation . promise he had made to madame danglars , to endeavor to find out how the count of monte cristo had discovered the history of the house at auteuil . case , ” observed monte cristo . him to open it , as the sergeant had been compelled to speak , and this took another ten minutes . , ” said mme . said , “ proves	123.818603515625
me to be under the protection of some powerful person , —this sudden fortune , the facility with which i have overcome all obstacles , an unexpected family and an illustrious name awarded to me , gold <unk> down upon me , and the most splendid alliances about to be entered into . poor , are they not ? ” this house , ” said she , “ and barrois is looking out for suitable apartments for him in another . ” ” aramis replied , “ the punishment should fall not on the king , but on his ministers ; for the first article of the constitution is , ‘ the king can do no wrong . ’ ” said to him , when he saw him	152.0536346435547
idle and inactive : cast a rapid glance around him in order to be sure that nobody could either see or hear him , and opening his ragged vest , badly held together by a leather strap , he began to rip the upper part of his doublet , from which he drew a letter . is marvellous , m. albert . ’ s treachery towards ali pasha which <unk> me so readily to excuse you , but the treachery of the fisherman fernand towards you , and the almost unheard-of miseries which were its consequences ; and i say , and proclaim it publicly , that you were justified in <unk> yourself on my father , and i , his son , thank you for not using	263.4955749511719
greater severity . ” far off , ” said porthos , “ for i confess she would worry me if she were here . ” ” replied athos , with his gentlemanly air ; “ let us talk of something else , if you please . the steps before the house he heard a voice say : him , <unk> not even tempt him . ” monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” cried a servant , throwing open the door of the cabinet . that the place you may select have a small harbor , creek , or bay , into which my corvette can enter and remain at anchor . the clock strike eleven , bowed low , asking permission of the king to retire , and	114.60160064697266
supplicating him to come to a good understanding with the queen . to hide the ball under his bolster and as soon as the door was closed he tore off the cover of the ball with his teeth and found underneath the following letter : before i had even mentioned your father ’ s name ” — send some one to pick them up , but the duke remarked that it would be losing time ; and going near the rampart himself and looking over , he saw a man working in one of the numerous little gardens cleared out by the peasants on the opposite side of the moat . again if you are back within six days , and have executed your commission well . ”	191.57321166992188
, sir , ” was monte cristo ’ s reply , “ man is but an ugly <unk> for him who studies him through a <unk> <unk> ; but you said , i think , that i had nothing else to do . ask him how he had slept . wind , and unless it changes we shall be <unk> either to calais or boulogne . ” replied the abbé with an air of surprise , — “ i want nothing . ” you guess well . , then , you came to seek ? ” dear d ’ herblay , that it is almost sacrilege to distrust providence when one has such friends , and therefore we will divide the pistoles from porthos , as we divided	105.27476501464844
the louis sent by d ’ artagnan . ” i was wrong to caution you ; do not fear , i will bury my grief so deep in my heart , i will disguise it so , that you shall not even care to sympathize with me . if you avoid them ? ” ; they can even explain the marvellous by an algebraic calculation they have invented ; but i , who only understand my own figures , know nothing more than that one day these figures deceived me . , to know what this letter addressed to tréville <unk> ” and the stranger , muttering to himself , directed his steps toward the kitchen . , i beg of you , and let me go where	117.55780029296875
my business calls me . ” such a wild fellow , ” continued he , “ making himself a mazarinist and helping to arrest broussel ! ? ” replied she . letter written ? ” as that which had been the object of his journey was a fresh proof in support of the suspicions d ’ artagnan had conceived . are really afraid , monsieur planchet , ” resumed d ’ artagnan , “ i will go without you . after a half hour ’ s conversation d ’ artagnan was convinced that milady was his compatriot ; she spoke french with an elegance and a purity that left no doubt on that head . not intended for you alone , porthos ? ” said aramis . d	84.12191772460938
’ artagnan , taking her hand , which , without thinking of it , she abandoned to him . , tell me , do you wish me dead ? ” , made up of a thunder of cries , and a hail of sweetmeats , flowers , eggs , <unk> , and <unk> . by the two friends was the little interest taken by the court of france in the terrible events which had occurred in england , which they thought should have arrested the attention of all europe . effort to receive him , but never did a more distressed countenance give the lie to a more amiable smile . slope had been formed , and the rock had slid along this until it stopped at the	112.07466888427734
spot it now occupied . have pity upon me . that he could distinguish a feminine form on the beach , for it was there mercédès dwelt . to-morrow ? ” asked madame de chevreuse . you share the fate i have planned for myself . going to rue de vaugirard and rue de la harpe , did not go to find linen drapers . ” set out ? ” ” he <unk> he thought he might avail himself of the opportunity of speaking of d ’ artagnan— “ who by their sagacity and address have deceived the penetration of cardinal richelieu ; who by their valor have got the better of his guards and spies ; persons without money , without support , without credit , yet	231.6710968017578
who have preserved to the crowned head its crown and made the cardinal crave pardon . ” tried to understand them ? ” the steel from the side , ” said he , shaking his head in a significant manner . proof of that , it seems to me . ” monsieur athos was that day , when he said to his adversary : ‘ you have insisted on knowing my name , sir ; so much the worse for you , since i shall be obliged to kill you. ’ i was near him , those were his exact words , when he stabbed his foe as he said he would , and his adversary fell without saying , ‘ oh ! ’ ’ tis a noble	138.29196166992188
<unk> athos . ” between <unk> as far as valenciennes , falling back upon <unk> . to him , for he usually attracted a crowd of spectators in the bay before the lighthouse at marseilles when he swam there , and was <unk> declared to be the best swimmer in the port . bathed the head of villefort , and refreshed his memory . from the past . ” ” repeated beauchamp , looking with amazement at the count . ” replied albert , “ when , upon receipt of my letter , you found the necessity of asking the count ’ s assistance , you promptly went to him , saying , ‘ my friend albert de morcerf is in danger ; help me to deliver him.	137.71524047851562
’ was not that nearly what you said ? ” s hand tremble . the door ; the baron had had a plank <unk> over the grating . been doing since yesterday ? ” ; he showed la ramee a monstrous pate , ornamented with monsieur de beaufort ’ s coat-of-arms . not give him up , what think you will be the result ? ” exclaimed the queen . ’ artagnan ? ” knocking , and prayed with an accent so full of anxiety and promises , terror and cajolery , that his voice was of a nature to reassure the most fearful . , took his hat , his pistols , and his cloak , and departed , casting a look of regret upon the couch	118.79134368896484
where he had hoped to sleep so well . am expecting some one , a friend of athos . ” one horse for us two ? are in a constant state of change . door with the most commanding dignity . said debray , delivering up his accounts in the <unk> manner of a stockbroker , “ there are still 80,000 francs , the interest of this money , in my hands . ” ideas became again <unk> could think , and strengthen his thoughts by reasoning . marseilles , that really i believe that the respectable inhabitants will in time go without any clothing whatever . friquet , “ my fortune is made . ” we have said , <unk> years of age , and his fourteen	159.70745849609375
years ’ imprisonment had produced a great transformation in his appearance . ! ” the clerk seized his pen , and peppino his beads ; one was writing and the other praying when the door opened . pleasure rather than with confusion ; and yet , bowing his head , as if humiliated , he said : he arose , and followed valentine , who was running downstairs with the joy of a shipwrecked mariner who finds a rock to cling to . sure of that . ” , ” she said , “ i have at least gained one thing in being only half a queen ; and that is that my children call me ‘ mother ’ instead of ‘ madame . ’ ” the pistol	173.37576293945312
between his teeth . ” murmured the king . passed , mounted on raoul ’ s horse , waving his parti-colored cap and crying , “ broussel ! already begun . , relying on you as you may rely on me . believe that it was apoplexy , ” said beauchamp . . treated any peril as he would an adversary in a duel , <unk> its probable method of approach ; retreated , if at all , as a point of <unk> and not from cowardice ; was quick to see an opening for attack , and won victory at a single thrust . , my dear <unk> understand . ” said aramis , “ if you like to ascend i shall be delighted to receive you	125.056884765625
. ” , looked at the four gentlemen and drank with a smile full of nobility and gratitude . house he saw d ’ artagnan on the threshold and the soldiers lying on the grass here and there , with their arms . each other . to you ! ” replied the young man , additionally exasperated with this mixture of insolence and good manners , of politeness and scorn . of monte cristo had , ” he said , “ given positive orders that the carriage was to remain at their <unk> ’ orders all day , and they could therefore dispose of it without fear of indiscretion . ” these might <unk> him with the authorities of the country in which he practices this kind of	107.73753356933594
<unk> , ” said franz . he has an order for unlimited credit on the baron ’ s <unk> establishment ? ” no responsibility . . , then ? ” they were taking the dainty animal from the spit , they saw edmond springing with the boldness of a <unk> from rock to rock , and they fired the signal agreed upon . give him the same title , and everyone else does likewise . ” is i who tell you so ; make preparations for departure . ” spurs <unk> , his cuirass glittered , his sword knocked proudly against his ample limbs . or ten days . ” the more precious from being all that is left to me . what is the matter with her	158.05776977539062
, ” said madame de villefort ; “ m . still heightened by emotion , entered the room just after her parents had quitted it . , as if crushed by this sentence . of a carriage . ” as if by magic , and the doors of the church opened . me . ” debray ? —do i wish to know him ? —do i wish to know that he gives advice ? —do i wish to follow it ? —do i speculate ? unhappy mistake chance for providence . was put out at the window , with two fingers placed upon her mouth , either to enjoin silence or to send him a kiss . king ’ s attorney , m. de villefort , who lives	140.79348754882812
in the faubourg saint-honoré . by this opening she might still by some diabolical means corrupt her guards . into three words : <unk> , est , <unk> . ” the mind of d ’ artagnan . the duke , “ will you not accept any money from me ? ” large for him to enter , but by waiting , he could still cling to hope , and retard the certainty of deception . me ? use his privilege . help of his two hands he lifted himself from the bench , and found himself on his feet . for , then ? ” affectionately enemy of prisoners ; i had ennui , and i amused myself with twisting that rope . ” ’ s cough was	128.000244140625
heard on the stairs and the woman entered the room with a cup in her hand . him ? ” , my lord , but tremble ! ll <unk> ’ ll try to contrive some way , ” said andrea . that that abduction was entirely political ? ” , a coward ? ” cried villefort , in a contemptuous voice . , “ very well , you shall have it . ” ’ , and athos did the same . the prince of wales or the duke of <unk> . ” complete a diversion from the attack that d ’ artagnan ’ s adversary , while the latter turned round to face this shower of blows , sheathed his sword with the same precision , and instead	88.27886199951172
of an actor , which he had nearly been , became a spectator of the <unk> part in which he acquitted himself with his usual impassiveness , muttering , nevertheless , “ a plague upon these gascons ! the magistrate , with an accent of horror and consternation , “ are you still <unk> on that terrible idea ? ” ” said porthos , “ but i don ’ t like to abuse your kindness ; besides , i must think of my outfit ! ” for the general rally ? ” said la ramee , “ i must ask your highness ’ s pardon , but it seems that monsieur de chavigny is to be away for a few days and he has sent me word that	85.36336517333984
he has certain directions to give me before his departure . ” ’ s friend , ” said aramis ; “ the king ’ s friend , you understand . free to say or not to say who i am to two strangers who take a fancy to ask me . ” in verses of one syllable . louvre on the day when he scattered his pearls ; and , _pardieu_ , i picked up two that i sold for ten pistoles each . <unk> , you mean ? ” follow my examples ; walk back and forth till some news of our friends reaches us or till we are visited by a good idea . , ” cried danglars , endeavoring to parry the blow . ,	119.82132720947266
porthos was talking with the soldier on guard . business of a tailor ? ” ” and he stopped his friends , directing the valets to go first , in order to test the plank leading from the pier to the boat . , bertuccio , ” replied the count ; “ for the wicked are not so easily disposed of , for god seems to have them under his special <unk> to make of them instruments of his vengeance . ” a little sleep , for you are saved . ” ” cried he , as soon as he perceived the horsemen . , and by a look asked the banker for an explanation . do without chambermaids . monte cristo placed himself opposite to him .	117.67147827148438
there ? ” him the change in athos ; a resemblance between the boy and the man explained the mystery of this <unk> existence . the occasion of veritable triumph . fixing on her son a scrutinizing gaze , “ you speak strangely , ” said she to albert , “ and you appear to have some singular prejudices . steps stopped . coachman , gallop on . ” for ? ” ” is a woman . ” lasted two days , after which he offered a million for some food . haydée heiress of the rest of my fortune , consisting of lands , funds in england , austria , and holland , furniture in my different palaces and houses , and which without the twenty millions	169.66522216796875
and the <unk> to my servants , may still amount to sixty millions . ” the west , and is worshipped by his commonplace but ambitious followers , not only as a leader and <unk> , but also as the <unk> of equality . ” face ! a horse by the bridle and proceeded to their post . raoul ’ s age the heart is so expansive that it must encircle one object or another , fancied or real . years ago , had piously sought out a tomb , and sought it vainly . the men to whom they were addressed . the girl ; “ saved by the crew of the vessel that has just entered the harbor . ” the hand thus extended to him	174.67201232910156
and grasped it with the vehemence of despair . daring rascal , ” whispered the count . here , ” said d ’ artagnan . , ” said monte cristo with a frown , “ that , when i desired you to purchase for me the finest pair of horses to be found in paris , there is another pair , fully as fine as mine , not in my stables ? ” ” at rome ? ” five o ’ clock in the evening . , ” said milady , with mildness . murmured d ’ artagnan , “ and to think that we are compelled to leave him ; maybe the same fate awaits us two paces hence . , i take you for what you	58.80659484863281
are , that is to say , the coadjutor ; i recognized you at the first glance . ” all would be changed ; if i live , interest would be converted into doubt , pity into hostility ; if i live i am only a man who has broken his word , failed in his <unk> fact , only a bankrupt . d ’ artagnan . him to come out , monsieur , i should owe you the gratitude of my whole life ; i should adore you as my patron saint ! ” man ? ” ’ artagnan come off the conqueror ? ” asked the young man , with glistening eye . perhaps , no faith in those words ? ” said d ’ artagnan	74.11145782470703
. maximilian , “ i recollect the project , of which i highly approved . ” had formerly been a naval officer and he gave me the command of this expedition . , i beg of you , ” said he , “ not to say a word to dantès on the subject . towards the family vault , château-renaud recognized morrel , who had come alone in a cabriolet , and walked silently along the path bordered with yew-trees . nine others , that would be thirteen days <unk> days , during which so many important events might pass in london . he exclaimed suddenly , “ where is my son ? <unk> , edward ! ” and he rushed out of the room , still crying	127.0675048828125
, “ edward , edward ! ” the name was pronounced in such a tone of anguish that the servants ran up . think existence worth anything to a man of twenty , as you are , and who may hope for everything , being handsome and brave , as you are . ” will you do as much for me in paris as franz did for you in rome ? ” already <unk> recompensed ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . this frightful tumult and these terrific cries , two reports , fearfully distinct , followed by two shrieks more heartrending than all , froze me with terror . , ” he murmured . s hand , and set off at a quick pace . ” ”	117.90721130371094
musketeers were in paris ; they had not exceeded their leave of absence , and that same evening they went to pay their customary visit to m. de tréville . you think proper ; there is still time to withdraw . ” grimaud , “ he is coming out . the stage , he leaned from his box and began attentively scrutinizing the beauty of each pretty woman , aided by a powerful opera-glass ; but , alas , this attempt to attract notice wholly failed ; not even curiosity had been excited , and it was but too apparent that the lovely creatures , into whose good graces he was desirous of stealing , were all so much engrossed with themselves , their lovers , or their	207.51885986328125
own thoughts , that they had not so much as noticed him or the <unk> of his glass . down and : mousqueton , breathing more freely , “ you are only going , then , to make a visit ? ” , i bring you the means of becoming rich , powerful , and free to do whatever you wish . ” letters of the alphabet from a down to <unk> when she arrived at that letter the paralytic made her understand that she had spoken the <unk> letter of the thing he wanted . ” albert said . d ’ artagnan ; “ the light no longer burns in yonder window . ” the discretion of the good abbess would go , she began to tell	106.36968994140625
a story , obscure at first , but very circumstantial afterward , about the cardinal , relating the amours of the minister with mme . vallon—— ” and pointing to the coffin : , that he , as every one else present , was incapable of reading her thoughts . had a disorder of the skin , and asked for a little <unk> , which was readily supplied . ” was speaking , the queen appeared to be well pleased with the coadjutor ’ s harangue ; but terminating as it did with such a phrase , the only one which could be caught at by the <unk> , anne turned around and directed a glance toward her favorites , which announced that she delivered up the coadjutor	178.18524169921875
to their tender mercies . has , ” replied the valet , “ for i saw the horses harnessed to his eminence ’ s carriage this morning , and when i asked where he was going , they told me , ‘ to st. germain . ’ ” break it off in this way ; the morcerfs are <unk> on this union . ” , my dear d ’ artagnan ; i wish you may with all my heart , if that will amuse you . ” his eyes for a prophet ? ” with you ; the windows in the palazzo rospoli alone decided me . ” he closed his eyes , and in a last look about him saw the vision of modesty completely veiled ;	89.87821197509766
and then followed a dream of passion like that promised by the prophet to the elect . ? ” said athos , in the same language , “ if there are two <unk> , a pure and an <unk> ? ” worthy gentleman , for , with the exception of yourself , monsieur d ’ artagnan , there ’ s not a man in france that i esteem and love so much as <unk> ” . ” growing an old woman ! ” said the duchess , pensively . , mother , i have a strong intention of defending my person , and i never felt half so strong an inclination to live as i do now . ” had rejoined his companions , who were already in	88.39385223388672
the boat ; but when , after they had all got in , it came to his turn , there was great danger that in putting his huge leg over the edge of the boat he would upset the little vessel . to the capitals of their kingdoms . made an error in his calculations if he now found cause to blame himself . the queen , concealed the paper in the bosom of her dress , and disappeared with the lightness of a bird . father , and knows how to calculate . ” i , ” chorused the sailors . i shall have to make a journey . as strange and unaccountable as his for me . . ” said porthos , drawing himself up proudly	117.5981674194336
; “ how so ? ” ’ continued he , after rapidly writing the few lines i brought to your excellency , and upon receipt of which you deigned to receive me into your service , and proudly i ask whether your excellency has ever had cause to repent having done so ? ” ” the smelling-bottle of madame de villefort , he had noticed the approach of villefort to madame danglars , and he soon guessed all that had passed between them , though the words had been uttered in so low a voice as hardly to be heard by madame danglars . the bandit , “ that is only another way of killing me . more indistinct ; a tumultuous movement shook the partition . .	134.2195587158203
, ’ i said . ” . ” in politics ? ” the three musketeers were without witnesses , they looked at one another with an air which plainly expressed that each of them perceived the gravity of their situation . caught her , i bound her ; and i imprinted the same disgraceful mark upon her that i had imprinted upon my poor brother . mania of which you spoke just now , that of living again in their grandchildren . the point . learned since ? require two years for me to communicate to you the stock of learning i possess . ” pistoles , ” said aramis . yourself of the merit of doing so at once ? ” wine , <unk> ” fernand filled	128.06874084472656
caderousse ’ s glass , who , like the confirmed <unk> he was , lifted his hand from the paper and seized the glass . . completely bewildered that without taking any heed of what might become of kitty he ran at full speed across half paris , and did not stop till he came to athos ’ s door . ” quickly returned monte cristo— “ say not so , my friends ; angels never <unk> , celestial beings remain where they wish to be . lord ; it shall be so . ” chatillon as almost to touch him . say ? artagnan thinking , that he <unk> thus from his path , gazing at the stars of heaven , and sometimes sighing , sometimes smiling	218.19566345214844
? ” said the prince , with that wonderful glance that was peculiar to him , “ it is with small armies that great battles are won . ” enfants to that of the ferronnerie , from the rue saint <unk> to the pont neuf , from the rue richelieu to the porte saint honore , there were more than ten thousand armed men ; those who were at the front hurled defiance at the impassive sentinels of the regiment of guards posted around the palais royal , the gates of which were closed behind them , a precaution which made their situation precarious . to allow me to go to a possible death without having given me at least something more than hope ? ” ? ”	170.84921264648438
had been left in her power , she would now have thought , not of killing herself , but of killing the baron . the place i quit , and he will conduct you to me . ” ” answered athos , agitated ; “ so much so that i wish to see him if possible . ” their adieux in the presence of noirtier when a ring was heard at the <unk> . darkness . ’ s road , as he was going to the louvre . with the sarcastic calmness of the <unk> , strong at once by power and genius , “ you should not have allowed yourself to be taken . ” for not liking to marry mademoiselle danglars . inform monsieur d ’	76.45510864257812
artagnan of your arrival here . ” monte cristo with a slight cough which in moments of extreme emotion helped him to disguise a blush , or his pallor , or the intense interest with which he listened ; “ indeed , maximilian , did you hear that ? ” . at the château d ’ if ? ” said the captain . heard from the mouth of the young man to his own remembrances , he was enabled to form a pretty exact idea of a position of the seriousness of which , for the rest , the queen ’ s letter , short but explicit , gave him the clue . sir , is , that i am ready to hand you over this sum in	101.2528076171875
exchange for your assignment of the debt . mean to allude to the recollections perpetually revived by these three gentlemen . to do so ; the morning air has made me hungry . ” ; “ fetch the nearest . ” with whom the people are displeased ; they ask for broussel and are only too happy , if you release him to them , to live under your government . ” in the park , as many trout in the stream , dined in a <unk> overlooking the ocean , and took tea in the library . the island , his presentation to a smuggler chief , a subterranean palace full of splendor , an excellent supper , and a spoonful of hashish . immediately upon re-entering	206.12457275390625
his house , informed his wife of his happy return , and his wife had replied by congratulating him , and telling him that the first moment she could steal from her duties should be devoted to paying him a visit . least in the world ; only i fancied that the honest <unk> was an exception to the rule , and that it only announced telegraphic despatches . ” ironical expression of his countenance redoubled the mirth of the persons with whom he had been talking , and who still remained at the window . sitting upon the board as if on horseback , commenced his perilous descent . the president , “ lead in the accused . ” , but with a calmness more dreadful than	167.25086975097656
the anger of another would have been , handed to the president the record of her sale , written in arabic . perhaps true ; they know my habits . visitors , does he ? ” asked madame danglars . without a promise and voluntarily , all that i can do to serve the king and be agreeable to the queen . , ” said monte cristo ; “ i perceive that my story has caused a general emotion , and i beg to apologize to you , baroness , and to mademoiselle danglars . ” ” replied chatillon , in so low a voice that though the two friends were listening eagerly they could hardly hear this <unk> . , or rather claimed that ; we had	118.58002471923828
<unk> enough for them to yield us that . ” d ’ artagnan , “ i admire this piece of prose . the king , monsieur ; i was going to drink a small glass of it if fourreau had not told me i was called . ” and inquiring glance which could only be interpreted by monte cristo , around the courtyard , over the peristyle , and across the front of the house , then , repressing a slight emotion , which must have been seen on her countenance if she had not kept her color , she ascended the steps , saying to morrel : ” ” shall be done , ” answered de comminges . , ” said athos , rising ; “ i	70.90605926513672
wish i could say as much ! ” ” still better . covered with them . ” ” said athos , “ you are joking . ” too plainly that it does exist . much ! money exists . be too great a disappointment to my father if i do not marry mademoiselle danglars . ” be a bishop ? ” athos , “ we are overheard . ” monseigneur , knowing your prudence and your personal relation to the events of the present time , that you will choose to hold your forces concentrated in the interior of the french kingdom and leave to her own the new government of england . opera ? ” said the count , with that calm tone and penetrating eye which	88.40287780761719
<unk> the man who knows his cause is good . unprotected by copyright law in the united states and you are located in the united states , we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying , distributing , performing , displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed . in the capital of the christian world , ” returned the count quietly . and stopped reading . the end of the repast , to swallowing a drink which from the color of the ruby had passed to that of a pale <unk> . his cheeks . the cardinal <unk> <unk> with an insolent air which made the gray moustache of his eminence curl with	208.63726806640625
<unk> . friend , ” said m. d ’ avrigny , “ i would not accuse anyone ; i speak only of an accident , you understand , —of a mistake , —but whether accident or mistake , the fact is there ; it is on my conscience and compels me to speak aloud to you . , now they have muskets . one evening sought a quarrel with him on the pont neuf , opposite the samaritaine . ” the queen , turning to seguier , our old acquaintance , “ you will open the conferences . so ? think , baron , for i feel uneasy , i can assure you , having some considerable property in their hands . ” he sent by a messenger	111.95182037353516
, for <unk> , who sold it to me for a guinea . ” said porthos . mystery . look , a word , a gesture , this impetuous character , which yielded beneath the hand of a woman , and which beneath the hand of a man might have broken , but could never have been <unk> . ” said porthos , “ i desire to be made a baron . ” success is courage , and that you possess , and strength , which i am not deficient in ; as for patience , you have abundantly proved <unk> shall now see me prove mine . ” had <unk> , humble as he <unk> enemy of the cardinal ; that is to say , of a	85.8230972290039
man before whom trembled the greatest men of the kingdom , beginning with the king . appointed hour they went to see athos and found him and aramis in traveling costume . to inform your majesty , ” continued m. de tréville , in the same tone , “ that a party of <unk> , commissaries , and men of the <unk> estimable people , but very inveterate , as it appears , against the <unk> taken upon themselves to arrest in a house , to lead away through the open street , and throw into fort l ’ evêque , all upon an order which they have refused to show me , one of my , or rather your musketeers , sire , of irreproachable conduct ,	137.24330139160156
of an almost illustrious reputation , and whom your majesty knows favorably , monsieur athos . ” d ’ artagnan , raising his voice in turn , “ i am here , my friend . ” writing ! ” said athos . , in my rooms , he made his _entrée_ amongst us by striking every man of us with amazement , not even excepting château-renaud . ” a poor widow and a royal orphan who wept in the corner of the louvre , no one appeared to be aware that charles i. had ever lived and that he had perished on the scaffold . , he threw himself on his bed , where the turnkey found him in the evening visit , sitting with fixed gaze and	118.80068969726562
contracted features , dumb and motionless as a statue . leave , but even in the ante-chamber they could still hear the duke ’ s cries ; he was evidently suffering the tortures of the damned . energies , murmuring in the depths of her soul the name of <unk> only beam of light that penetrated to her in the hell into which she had fallen ; and like a serpent which folds and <unk> its rings to ascertain its strength , she enveloped felton beforehand in the thousand meshes of her inventive imagination . assert that they have hitherto discovered no gold mines in their mountains ; though the lord owes them this miracle in recompense for the manner in which they supported the pretensions of the	314.5142822265625
king your father . ” of the sailors hung to a point of the rock and some <unk> that had formed part of the vessel ’ s <unk> , floated at the foot of the crag . comprehend , that being of no country , asking no protection from any government , acknowledging no man as my brother , not one of the scruples that arrest the powerful , or the obstacles which paralyze the weak , <unk> or arrests me . that ? ” . on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement . , perhaps . has cruelly insulted me , ” said milady , in a hollow tone ; “	132.81143188476562
monsieur d ’ artagnan shall die ! ” animals are not suffered to die by such a death as that . young men had become fraternal . thou hast risked it , planchet . rosy ; and although her <unk> , like that of all princes of the house of austria , protruded slightly beyond the other , it was eminently lovely in its smile , but as profoundly disdainful in its contempt . weeks ; we had been to lucca to take in oil , to leghorn for english <unk> , and we ran our cargo without opposition , and returned home full of joy . then , ” said the corporal . ! ” exclaimed mordaunt , “ thank you ; my life is always at	169.2759552001953
your service , and should i lose it i should still owe you something ; thank you ; you have indeed repaid me <unk> for my services . ” some remorse ; did you ever remark that ? ” ten paces behind him . , the dog in his <unk> , the sheep in the field , the boats moored in the loire , even , became alive and <unk> . . you learn ? ” the postscript ? ” did not even argue with d ’ artagnan ; she gave it to him at once . into the world , frequently experienced an imperious desire for solitude ; and what solitude is more complete , or more poetical , than that of a ship floating in isolation	144.34849548339844
on the sea during the obscurity of the night , in the silence of immensity , and under the eye of heaven ? if you please , or tomorrow at the latest , we will meet . ” you allow me to speak to you of her ? ” even , to the great astonishment of his friends , he had , when aramis allowed some <unk> error to escape him , replaced a <unk> in its right <unk> and a <unk> in its case . of <unk> , several of whom came forward to shake hands with him . ” , my dear son ? ” said the major gravely . to a close a boy entered the church in great excitement , ran to the sacristy	86.14605712890625
, dressed himself quickly in the choir robes , and cleaving , thanks to that uniform , the crowd that filled the temple , approached bazin , who , clad in his blue robe , was standing gravely in his place at the entrance to the choir . dead man ” said the gascon , “ if there were still a vitry at the court and if vitry entered at this moment ; but for my part , before he could reach the good prelate i would kill vitry at once ; the cardinal would be infinitely pleased with me . ” duke , ” replied la ramee , in the fullness of his heart ; “ i say what i think ; there is no compliment in	139.96380615234375
what i say to you—— ” sir , ” asked she , “ who has the kindness to trouble yourself so particularly on my account ? ” friend of ours , and private secretary to the minister of the interior . orders , ” said mazarin , taking a piece of paper and writing some lines ; “ monsieur du vallon , your barony is on the back of the duc de beaufort ’ s horse ; you have nothing to do but to overtake it . ” answered the old marchioness , without preface and without expression ; she appeared to be stupefied . said the count , in the same tone in which he would have given an order to his servant . . , ’	74.43033599853516
replied caderousse ; ‘ the fact is , we do not lodge <unk> , our tavern is so near the town , that nobody would think of stopping here . ’ away , and the sound of a single footstep approached the door . he wrote from the siege of rochelle , to warn her of a plot against the duke of buckingham . ” loaded carbine ; the traveller slowly raised it , and fired in the air . this pitiable condition , showed by his looks all the various emotions of sorrow and sympathy which can <unk> the heart of man . you ? ” hour past the time valentine had fixed . ? ” haydée , proving by her remark that she had quite understood	147.7876739501953
monte cristo ’ s question and albert ’ s answer , “ then i will speak either in french or italian , if my lord so wills it . ” . you on this passage , ‘ _molli <unk> anhelitu_ , ’ you know it refers to a stag flying from a wolf . he lived on alone , and more and more solitary . them , madame , ” said de winter “ and doubtless i shall find them ; but time fails me . understand it—you will only lose your time . ” that , ” said danglars , angry at this <unk> of the jest , — “ as for that you won ’ t get them at all . then , as they told	126.90576934814453
me ? ” quite sure . supposing he was at liberty , he was to rejoin her in france , at the convent of the carmelites at béthune . 2,000 piastres , that the person receiving them shall obtain a respite till next year for peppino ; and during that year , another skilfully placed 1,000 piastres will afford him the means of escaping from his prison . ” to half empty the _carafe_ , in order that my suspicions might not be noticed . you ? ” said the governor . influence had brought them to this house , and yet astonished , even uneasy though they were , they still felt that they would not like to be absent . himself in there . ridiculous not	207.10653686523438
to follow his two companions ’ example . <unk> <unk> de <unk> , et qui <unk> des <unk> <unk> , tous vos <unk> se <unk> <unk> , <unk> à dieu <unk> vous <unk> vos <unk> , vous qui pleurez ! ” ? ” almost screamed the countess . them he did not cease to look at them and seemed to burn with the wish to speak to them . daylight are twenty leagues distant . ” <unk> table he had brought with him from <unk> , and to which , from one of those fancies not uncommon to great people , he was particularly attached , the king , louis xviii. , was carelessly listening to a man of fifty or fifty-two years of age , with gray	252.9137725830078
hair , aristocratic bearing , and exceedingly gentlemanly attire , and meanwhile making a <unk> note in a volume of <unk> ’ s rather inaccurate , but much <unk> , edition of <unk> work which was much indebted to the sagacious observations of the philosophical monarch . theme of conversation throughout all paris . stood there , stupefied , bewildered , stunned ; his haggard eyes glanced around , as if in search of the traces of some terrible event , and with his clenched hands he seemed striving to shut out horrible recollections . interfere with you in anything , my friend , ” said the count ; “ gather your strawberries , if , indeed , there are any left . ” my dear count ;	222.23304748535156
i am at your orders . ” chatillon , “ the truce is broken , that is evident ; they are going to fight ; go , then , into charenton , for i shall begin in a short <unk> ’ s a signal from the prince ! ” nothing which concerns me . ” . . ” we are but twenty years old , above all if we were born at tarbes . more so , monsieur . ” at each other with an air of stupefaction . ” replied raoul , with slight hesitation ; “ i did not sleep well . ” for a commonplace man , a mere rattle , emitting a vague and senseless noise . or eighteen days ago . ” but	89.53289031982422
that he might get me out of this , if he were favorably inclined to me . ” , ” said athos , shrugging his shoulders . man ; he married her . would have their representatives in the cabinet of the louvre , where they had as yet but partisans ; and he , richelieu—the french minister , the national <unk> be ruined . . ” ? ” asked vampa with uneasiness . caderousse ; “ well that ’ s a good one ! a cab at the top of the faubourg <unk> . albert he is not in the army , ” said morrel . go ! ” said mme . it ? ” asked albert . a temporary shelter , and scarcely had he availed	87.1260757446289
himself of it when the tempest burst forth in all its fury . kept back by villefort , had become , under the second restoration , a terrible weapon against him in the hands of the king ’ s attorney . power of <unk> events , both as regards men and things . a <unk> man than his highness , though not of such high birth : he forgot to ask me to breakfast . ” sure that i go away , ” said d ’ artagnan to himself . expiation . declaring beforehand that he was willing to make any sacrifice the other wished . and looking attentively around him , to see if he had left any of his keys in his closets , mazarin went	117.85279846191406
out . ” the sultan , who mounted it in his sabre ; another to our holy father the pope , who had it set in his <unk> , opposite to one nearly as large , though not so fine , given by the emperor napoleon to his predecessor , <unk> vii . die ? ” you are young and beautiful ; forget even my name , and be happy . ” breakfasting <unk> bad beginning when one wants to employ the head , but an excellent precaution when one wants to work the body ; and about two o ’ clock he had his two horses saddled , and followed by planchet he quitted paris by the barriere de la <unk> . wall again . ” to	165.09422302246094
me when i call for it from the top of the wall , he throws me another ; that other ball contains a letter . shed , my friend , ” said aramis , pointing to a low building on the plain ; “ there you will find hay and straw for them ; then come back here and clap your hands three times , and we will give you wine and food . it is true . . madame . ” us say , was this worthy gentleman accused of deriving personal advantage from the <unk> of his <unk> . if i had relaxed my hold for a moment , i should have fallen . château-renaud remained alone . mazarin , conducting d ’ artagnan into the	121.15064239501953
queen ’ s oratory and desiring him to wait there . anticipated his companion ’ s words , so did his eye flash like lightning , but it was but for a moment . ” this time a fresh <unk> was left with <unk> . of anne of austria was great when it was announced to them that the city , which the previous evening they had left entirely tranquil , had awakened to such feverish commotion ; nor would either the one or the other believe the reports that were brought to them , declaring they would rather rely on the evidence of their own eyes and ears . were unlike any human sound , he dragged himself to the door , reeled across the courtyard ,	185.3167266845703
and falling into the arms of his valet , he said in a voice scarcely intelligible , — “ home , home . ” offered his shoulder to the count , who , this time , leaned upon it as he descended the three steps of the carriage . the most . ” ? ” countenances of luigi and teresa their steadfast resolution not to surrender him , and he drew from his pocket a purse full of gold , which he offered to them . austria approached comminges and conversed with him in a subdued tone , whilst mazarin glanced uneasily at the corner occupied by d ’ artagnan and porthos . ” prevent mm . is telling you , countess ; so far from the sensation	115.0967788696289
excited in the parisian circles by the appearance of the count of monte cristo having abated , i take upon myself to declare that it is as strong as ever . to present to you m. franz d ’ épinay , a delightful travelling companion , with whom i made the tour of italy . go to her that you left us ? ” said aramis . monte cristo . , ” returned bertuccio ; “ it was a vendetta followed by restitution . ” the gascon , “ don ’ t threaten ! observed monte cristo , “ that i have some difficulty in comprehending your objection to a young lady who is both rich and beautiful . ” <unk> ; will go night and day .	96.4044189453125
” life is assured , ” continued caderousse ; “ no doubt fortune and honors have comforted her ; she is rich , a countess , and yet—— ” ; lock and padlock were fastened ; these faithful guardians seemed unwilling to surrender their trust . full of sense , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ but unfortunately i have very little time to spare , having an appointment at twelve precisely . assaulted the foe with such violence that , although his sword was thrust aside , the enemy was thrown off his horse and fell about ten steps from it . his daring progress , edmond ’ s foot slipped , and they saw him <unk> on the edge of a rock and disappear .	192.9459686279297
” said aramis ; “ at the cry ‘ jesus seigneur ’ we go out , upset all that stands in our way , run to our horses , jump into our saddles , spur them ; is that all ? ” cried the other two guardsmen , “ the judgment of king solomon ! scraps of paper ! —it must be seen to be believed . ” he placed it <unk> by the side of its mother , with its head upon her breast . do , monsieur bertuccio ; spare these gentlemen all such domestic arrangements . mistress ? ” drawn upon himself two good duels with two men , each capable of killing three d ’ <unk> two musketeers , in short , with two	207.86668395996094
of those beings whom he esteemed so greatly that he placed them in his mind and heart above all other men . an unaccountable power ; he hated and adored her at the same time . tomorrow as eagerly as you please ; but never bring him near me , if you would not see me die of terror . . then ? ” said aramis . ’ artagnan ; the profession of arms suits you . on the morrow , and was still better received than on the evening before . my dear monsieur mordaunt ? ” . come here ? ” barthois ! ? ” they all asked . him for that . ” . ” ” said aramis . , monseigneur , because it <unk>	99.06026458740234
with <unk> [ minister ] . groan , but appeared resigned . pray do not say any more about them , and i promise you another pair exactly like them in appearance , only more quiet and steady . ” ? ” asked he again . letter contains . ” to reply to that ! ” and the man in the red cloak came forward in his turn . door in order to throw herself out . edmond ! ” . ” ! ” danglars , “ will you take a million ? ” keep a secret . ” keep our name free from dishonor . to yield . persists in looking upon you as the most incomprehensible and mysterious of beings . ” noise was heard in	102.46109771728516
the ante-chamber ; at the same time the door of the study was burst open and a man , covered with dust , rushed into it , exclaiming : few minutes , he stopped at a leaf which had several notes , and compared them with the deed of sale , which lay on the table , and recalling his <unk> the commissary of police , who was waiting for him . milady showed her the cardinal ’ s order . , but we can not make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states . , stupefied to find him so almost <unk> calm . ” repeated caderousse , fixing his haggard gaze on the count . i loved him ? ”	122.42772674560547
asked milady , sharply . name of your wife and daughter and of the children you have still in london , and i say to you , ‘ live , sire , ’ —it is the will of heaven . ” that if my boots need a sponge , your stockings and shoes stand in equal need of a brush . ” said the queen , with her most <unk> smile , “ go and return at midnight . ” ourselves known we should be sent to rejoin our friends in some deep ditch , from which the devil himself could not take us out . intentions ? ” something frightful in it . minutes the bandit made them a sign to stop . in search of the	120.51287841796875
inn , and easily discovered it by the riotous noise which resounded from it . chestnut-trees , a <unk> was mounting up to heaven , while pouring out her clear morning song . ” said the count , “ you are looking for the sailors . ” have acquired glory , and were enabled to carry on a conversation of the highest importance . ” had <unk> and fed his horses , and then coming back under the window had repeated two or three times the signal agreed upon . athos , “ what were you saying just now about growing old ? that , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ for as i am in great haste likewise , i wish to beg you to render	114.3332748413086
me a service . ” talking over their plans for the future , they heard two or three reports of firearms , and then suddenly a man came out of the wood , near which the two young persons used to <unk> their flocks , and hurried towards them . the meantime , had taken the head of his detachment without a word and with that ready and profound obedience which marks the character of an old soldier . that his dog had been killed by a drug with which they meant to poison him ; and one day after dinner he went to bed , calling out that he had pains in his stomach and that mazarin had poisoned him . of his legs , already a	133.31185913085938
little fatigued , however , with the <unk> of the day , d ’ artagnan directed his course toward m. de tréville ’ s . the governor . responded , “ you are a stranger , and i believe you say yourself that a portion of your life has been spent in oriental countries , so you are not aware how human justice , so expeditious in barbarous countries , takes with us a prudent and <unk> course . ” appointment for ten o ’ clock on the following day ; for though the night was well advanced when they reached the door of the hotel , aramis said that he had certain important visits to make and left athos to enter alone . ? ” he asked	102.176513671875
. ” said the executioner ; “ and now in her turn , let this woman see that i am not fulfilling my trade , but my debt . ” , ” said morrel , hesitating to comply with the young girl ’ s wishes ; “ i now see my <unk> acted like a madman in coming in here . minutes with the people of the tavern before he learned that a woman had come there alone about eleven o ’ clock the night before , had engaged a chamber , had sent for the master of the hôtel , and told him she desired to remain some time in the neighborhood . . ” as complete as that of the bridge of ce . ” then	85.59916687011719
, mademoiselle , ” said emmanuel . us can ’ t go out from here purely and simply . ” now . , it is wrong thus to neglect your friends , particularly at the moment you are about to leave them for so long a time . remarkable beauty . ” ” said porthos , “ it is he . ” that it would vanish and give place to another vision ; but the man , instead of <unk> like a shadow , again approached her , and said in an agitated voice , “ now you may drink . ” that the last was stopped on his way , dashed on the rocks , and the governor told us next day that we were careless fellows	107.49270629882812
. ” and taking from it the very bag which a half hour before her husband had caressed so affectionately , “ take this bag . ” on our road . ” , without understanding what you said . at the residence of athos , which always indicated an event of some gravity . the better , we will fire the first shot together . ” been below , and like everyone else she thought the young ladies were in their own room ; madame danglars , therefore , went to bed without a shadow of suspicion , and began to muse over the recent events . it will afford me the pleasure of seeing you. ” they shook hands . was evidently not peculiar to himself ;	146.00350952148438
another , and wholly <unk> person , felt the same unaccountable awe and <unk> . as a wedge ; flints and pebbles had been inserted around it , so as to conceal the orifice ; this species of <unk> had been covered with earth , and grass and weeds had grown there , moss had clung to the stones , <unk> had taken root , and the old rock seemed fixed to the earth . , you know , of course , that it is nowhere . greatest perplexity possible . , my dear monsieur bernouin , but here is a man whom i must beg you to put in a safe place . ” nervous , perhaps , but , upon the whole , he appeared tolerable	217.8082275390625
. she , “ do you want a notary , dear grandpapa ? ” the old man again signified that it was a notary he desired . , i entreat you ; you are exactly in the spot ! ” born ; i answer . . offered any sum , but have failed . ” salts in his hand . said danglars , who persisted in giving the young man that title . artagnan had been the hero of these two fights , it was upon him that all the felicitations fell , which athos , porthos , and aramis abandoned to him , not only as good comrades , but as men who had so often had their turn that they could very well afford him his	105.25975799560547
. of the bedroom , on a line with that in the dressing-room , the count could see into the street . not a man to let himself be killed like that . up the steps , after pushing his sword into his cane ; a track of blood on the snow marked his course . , and moreover came from a man who knew the king too well , to allow the four young men to dispute it . restored the magistrate to consciousness , who had looked like a second corpse in that chamber of death . woman and a young girl dressed in black , the one as a widow and the other as an orphan , have re-entered their cell . may be killed	135.8024139404297
at your good pleasure ; but until that time , i warn you that in my capacity of general of the army i shall order a retreat and turn my back on the first red coat we come <unk> ” de guiche and raoul glanced at each other , smiling . . said andrea , “ do you believe in fairy tales ? ” you lived at lucca , did you ? now that he had begun to fear , and yet these names , powerful though they were , had often caused him to smile with the same kind of satisfaction experienced by a traveller who from the summit of a mountain <unk> at his feet the <unk> <unk> , the almost impassable paths , and the	169.28395080566406
fearful <unk> , through which he has so <unk> climbed . in languedoc is styled a garden , consisting of a small plot of ground , on the side opposite to the main entrance reserved for the reception of guests . , ” and he drew another twenty from his pocket . do you know the writing ? ” as he spoke , villefort drew the letter from his pocket , and presented it to dantès . in , if you please . ” ” said milady . and upon my soul , i would give my life for a hair , ” said athos . , who possessed such extraordinary control over his feelings , expressed the most perfect cordiality . son of general d ’ épinay	106.42752838134766
who was on our side , and who was assassinated some days before the usurper returned from the island of elba ? ” , ” resumed lord de winter . d ’ artagnan ; “ those beer drinkers are too clumsy and awkward . i found some difficulty in obtaining access to the grand-marshal ; but i sent the ring i had received from the captain to him , and was instantly admitted . he <unk> a variety of questions on different subjects , carefully watching the man ’ s countenance as he did so ; but not a word or look implied that he had the slightest idea of ever having seen before the person with whom he was then conversing . answered the duke , “	134.87686157226562
if i comprehend you aright , la ramee , i am ungrateful for having ever thought of leaving this place ? ” said to planchet , “ must be the archbishop ’ s chateau , the abode of the fair madame de longueville ; but the convent , where is that ? ” come , then ! ” cried milady , trying to drag the young woman along by the arm . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ for myself . find their muskets , their cartridges , and their flasks ; and instead of four musketoons and twelve balls , we shall have fifteen guns and a hundred charges to fire . ” ” crowns ; nearly thirteen millions of our <unk> ” 2 a most	107.47897338867188
excellent sister . ” ! ” cried he . in the name of heaven , ” continued he , throwing him a pistole , “ tell me what you have seen , and i will pledge you the word of a gentleman that not one of your words shall escape from my heart . ” guardian , whom he had quitted , gazing after him in front of the royal <unk> , raoul spurred on his horse , in order not only to escape from his own melancholy reflections , but also to hide from olivain the emotion his face might betray . d ’ artagnan , “ have we not our friend mousqueton , who managed for us so well at chantilly , porthos ? ” ,	90.48751068115234
morrel met penelon , who was going up . , “ you are right . the councillor , the <unk> ! ” per annum for your services <unk> than many a brave <unk> , who continually risks his life for his country , <unk> . i am not hungry . ” applying his spurs , was in advance of porthos two feet at the most ; mousqueton followed two lengths behind ; the guards were scattered according to the varying excellence of their respective mounts . bent upon ruining himself as fast as he can , actually sent his steward to me to purchase them at any cost ; and the fact is , i have gained 16,000 francs by the sale of them . , which was	187.6857147216797
ajar . step , ’ said they , ‘ and you are a dead man . ’ lost in wonder to find myself promoted to an honor of which i feel myself <unk> of being the husband of mercédès . ” are a true frenchman ? ” : he was recommended to me by a good abbé , who may be deceived . you doing , <unk> a former lackey ? ” said the count ; “ adieu , my dearest boy ! ” age as he has respected the honor of my family ; if my father had offended him , why did he not attack him personally ? ! had not the slightest doubt that my father would give me the capital instead of the interest	104.34683990478516
of my property . ” replied monte cristo , “ that they will be as different as possible in the hands of ali . his ambition , that innocent victim <unk> on the altar of his father ’ s faults , appeared to him pale and threatening , leading his affianced bride by the hand , and bringing with him remorse , not such as the ancients figured , furious and terrible , but that slow and <unk> agony whose pangs are intensified from hour to hour up to the very moment of death . aramis , that is another thing , ” said porthos , “ and it wouldn ’ t surprise me at all . ” and aramis rose and in one <unk> motion rushed to	134.01133728027344
their swords . the gascon , “ you would make a distinguished general . ” facing your window , in the embrasure of that <unk> man wrapped in a cloak . ” on a very interesting topic , beauchamp . ” _ ” said aramis , “ it was only this : i had a dream , and i related it to her . ” bertuccio ; you will supply the want of the evening papers . ” assumed a still further shade of brown from the habit the unfortunate man had acquired of <unk> himself from morning till eve at the threshold of his door , on the lookout for guests who seldom came , yet there he stood , day after day , exposed to the	133.7945098876953
<unk> rays of a burning sun , with no other protection for his head than a red handkerchief twisted around it , after the manner of the spanish <unk> . porthos and aramis together , as soon as the cardinal was out of hearing , “ well , he signed the paper she required ! ” see pale , agitated , and alarmed , instead <unk> is the case when a curtain falls on a <unk> home to sup peacefully with his family , and then retiring to rest , that he may recommence his <unk> woes on the morrow , —is removed from your sight merely to be reconducted to his prison and delivered up to the executioner . may ; and this very day we will	201.17312622070312
write the letters , ” said aramis . a good english calash , with double springs ; he was drawn by four good horses , at full gallop ; he knew the relay to be at a distance of seven leagues . call an elegant mode of attack , ” said albert , “ you were quite correct in what you said , signor pastrini . was wounded on that very shoulder against which i must run head foremost , like a <unk> . inquired dantès . usual , to an almost empty house , it being one of the <unk> of parisian fashion never to appear at the opera until after the beginning of the performance , so that the first act is generally played without the	187.2902069091797
slightest attention being paid to it , that part of the audience already assembled being too much occupied in observing the fresh arrivals , while nothing is heard but the noise of opening and shutting doors , and the buzz of conversation . permitted to enter by that door . delight , and , springing forwards , seized the hand extended towards him , and imprinted on it a fervent and <unk> kiss . smile , count , ” said maximilian , who had followed him with his eyes . battle , the prince , who had been <unk> de chatillon in the second line , appeared in the midst of the fight ; his eagle eye made him known and his blows proclaimed the hero . i	175.88314819335938
saw our laborers , which did not at all suit two such delicate stomachs as ours , i had recourse to a little of my old trade . no <unk> least not by name , ” replied madame danglars , “ and the last two or three days we have really talked of nothing but you . exclaimed athos , whilst the gascon covered his mouth with his hand . a singular and picturesque manner , half <unk> , half spanish , still remains , and is inhabited by descendants of the first <unk> , who speak the language of their fathers . the city . the nature of her mission . a pistole each , four hundred pistoles . ” , madame , ” said felton ;	138.2342071533203
“ happily i am neither charged with the power of pardoning nor <unk> . guests in your house ? ’ inquired he . d ’ artagnan , “ i ’ ve one last favor to ask of you , monsieur de comminges . ” carriage with two horses , and some saddlehorses . ” cried the gascon from the door , “ we must set out in ten minutes ; give the horses some hay . ” ” said comminges , who , since d ’ artagnan , on the day of broussel ’ s arrest , had saved him from the hands of the parisians , had entertained a real affection for him , “ don ’ t be unhappy ; i never thought of bringing you	68.96224212646484
bad news . ! ? the part of the wall of the apartment before which he had found milady standing in the armchair in which she was now seated , and over her head he perceived a <unk> <unk> , fixed in the wall for the purpose of hanging up clothes or weapons . bridles of their horses to their lackeys and rid themselves of their cloaks when a man approached them , and after looking at them for an instant by the doubtful light of the lantern hung in the centre of the courtyard he uttered an exclamation of joy and ran to embrace them . , which he attributed to the habit of meeting danger ; but none the less he conceived for the officer under	150.0694122314453
whose orders he had for the moment placed himself , that consideration which even prudence pays to careless courage . the miserable prejudice of respect and fear of kings ; teach your flocks that the queen is a tyrant ; and repeat often and loudly , so that all may know it , that the misfortunes of france are caused by mazarin , her lover and her <unk> ; begin this work to-day , this instant even , and in three days i shall expect the result . ” exclaimed m. de boville , “ your fears are unfortunately but too well founded , and you see before you a man in despair . replied porthos , in the same manner . us say no more about it	172.3186492919922
. france she had a young woman who was attached to one of her opponents poisoned in the convent of the <unk> at bethune . the president . with an air of curiosity , evidently mingled with interest . be lost ? ” but take care . ” said franz . said d ’ artagnan , advancing toward the cardinal , “ it seems to me that your eminence is losing precious time . and put them in order . wedding would shortly take place , as the young man was received at the banker ’ s as the betrothed . dantès flung to him , and with an activity that would have done credit to a sailor , climbed up the side of the ship , while	76.01644897460938
the young man , going to his task , left the conversation to danglars , who now came towards the owner . mazarin commissioned them to act as they have done ? ” generous ! ” want a notary , ” motioned the old man , shutting his eyes with a look of defiance , which seemed to say , “ and i should like to see the person who dares to refuse my request . ” in the tuscan archipelago , and , as he told you today , has founded a commandery . well enough , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ but where and how to meet with her ? ” red curtains which were in madame de villefort ’ s bedroom . noirtier	89.87928009033203
, with an expression the more terrible , from all his faculties being centred in his glance . ve half a mind to do it . have done , and what everyone would have done in my place . over my face , but i was intoxicated , i was delirious , and the blood refreshed , instead of burning me . planchet . said andrea ; “ i will let you know a week beforehand . ” , after having fixed upon the plan . ” replied the stranger with a slight hesitation , and blushing . lower ranks of society in france . entered his apartment , and peppino stationed himself on the bench outside the door of the hotel , after having whispered something in	107.98270416259766
the ear of one of the descendants of marius and the gracchi whom we noticed at the beginning of the chapter , who immediately ran down the road leading to the capitol at his fullest speed . happened to you ? ” received , in a cradle , a beautiful little boy three months old , with a purse filled with gold and a note containing these simple words : ‘ 11 october , 1633 . ’ ” an investigation of my <unk> ! . ” aramis , “ athos has already told you that you are a simpleton , and i am quite of his opinion . , i am come to ask a favor of you . ” . ” the news you bear is worth	121.79631042480469
the trouble of a little diligence . ” name and face , but at the mention of the name he recalled his person as he used to see it , the face encircled by a beard , wearing the brown jacket , the bunch of keys , the jingling of which he still seemed to hear . door , and open it yourself . ” ? ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ we must return to paris . ” respected by the magnificent bertuccio . start ? ” of my horse , i paralyzed them ; and i was just going to drown myself with the best grace in the world , when you arrived just in time to pull me out of the water ; therefore	89.85746765136719
, sir , if you will agree , henceforward we are friends until death . ” rope ! ” said château-renaud phlegmatically . and when they saw and heard they were convinced . had said to him the preceding evening about the sinister character of the old man recurred to the mind of d ’ artagnan , who looked at him with more attention than he had done before . my heart , all the gratitude i feel , will reward you ! the morning trumpet the friends separated ; the musketeers hastening to the hôtel of m. de tréville , the guards to that of m. dessessart . it . returned , did she bring that casket with her ? ” la valette , what do you	116.75012969970703
say of him ? your sister , my dear cousin . said debray . same instant four shots were fired , and the balls were flattened against the wall around athos , but not one touched him . , for saying such things , but they form my excuse . mouston . ” sort of dark room , <unk> with papers . girl . ” is a hundred times too kind to me ; and on the contrary , i think i have not proved myself worthy of your goodness . , shall we not , monsieur ? ” when i was about to pay you , i had placed my purse on the table . ” god that this should happen , blessed be his name .	92.59838104248047
the king , “ nothing . gives you so much courage as good reasons , ” continued the sailor ; “ and during that time the wind had abated , and the sea gone down , but the water kept rising ; not much , only two inches an hour , but still it rose . . no difficulty in that . hundred thousand <unk> , italians , strangers from all parts of the world , the united aristocracy of birth , wealth , and genius . more climbed the staircase leading to her chamber , her body convulsed with chills , and her teeth rattling in her head , in spite of the intense heat of the weather . first ball at which the duke of buckingham	144.04058837890625
shall be present . , you know where he is , monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ” asked raoul , somewhat comforted . double prayer , when a nun softly tapped at the door of the cell . security , the young man barricaded the door . affair of mine , ” replied the englishman , “ that is the affair of the house of thomson & french , in whose name i act . door to him herself . throw aside her veil , and it was then seen that she was dressed in the grecian costume , and was remarkably beautiful . ” most commonplace air to your explanation , but it is not the less true that <unk> , but what do i hear ?	95.19739532470703
” and morcerf inclined his head towards the door , through which sounds seemed to issue resembling those of a <unk> . ” cried franz . , my god , ” cried mme . <unk> the troops summoned by the prince arrived in successive detachments . , be better satisfied that i should not go farther into particulars . ” i ; so you may plainly perceive that you have no mercy to expect if you do not tell me the whole truth . ” to accept ? ” doubted it ; now i am convinced . duke ? threw himself into his arms ; the whole body of servants , arranged in a <unk> at a respectful distance , looked on with humble curiosity . enemies against	121.56433868408203
whom you owe me all your support , for i made them by serving your eminence . ” an arm , surpassingly beautiful in their form and whiteness , glided through the tapestry . upon it , may i not ? ” , i foresee that we must give battle to london , to the provinces , to all england , and certainly in the end we can ’ t fail to be beaten . ” accept it , young gentleman ? ” still you are an accomplice of that child of <unk> who is called lord de winter ! villefort ’ s ; they proceeded then on their course . this ring come to you , athos ? ” ” put in porthos . not understand ;	117.04634094238281
what do you mean ? ” stammered the unhappy woman , completely overwhelmed . of athos , those flashes of greatness which from time to time broke out from the shade in which he voluntarily kept himself , that unalterable equality of temper which made him the most pleasant companion in the world , that forced and <unk> gaiety , that bravery which might have been termed blind if it had not been the result of the rarest <unk> qualities attracted more than the esteem , more than the friendship of d ’ artagnan ; they attracted his admiration . at the minister ’ s last night ? ” your head with all this nonsense ? ” to the mind of the prisoner : “ if i had	156.84922790527344
listened to you , ” lord de winter had said to felton . ! ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i had forgotten that he was only a musketeer for a time . ” to try to find out milady . peppino , who dashed into the thicket of high weeds , through a path which none but lizards or <unk> could have imagined to be an open road . that prove ? ” asked valentine . i yesterday engaged myself as substitute in the spahis , ” 25 added the young man , lowering his eyes with a certain feeling of shame , for even he was unconscious of the sublimity of his <unk> . he always kept company with whoever of his friends was on	109.56776428222656
duty . this is an adventure worthy a place in the varied career of that royal bandit . ” remarked the young woman , “ these eastern societies , in the midst of which you have passed a portion of your existence , are as fantastic as the tales that come from their strange land . the king , “ undoubtedly my haste accuses you <unk> ; without doubt the rioters are in prison , and you come to tell me justice is done . ” and the most <unk> companion imaginable . sword , my dear fellow . anyone . it , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ the story of a tall , fair lady , with blue eyes . ” sir , you wear	107.50592803955078
too magnificent a baldric to be strong on that head . that moment to contemplate that red <unk> <unk> robe of <unk> the rich lace , or who gazed on that pale brow , bent in anxious meditation , might , in the solitude of that apartment , combined with the silence of the <unk> and the measured paces of the guards upon the landing-place , have fancied that the shade of cardinal richelieu lingered still in his accustomed haunt . standing , but at a motion from the queen they seated themselves . ; but i see you have quite recovered from your fright , and are , no doubt , desirous of returning home . , albert ! the dialogue , of which she had not	195.90098571777344
lost a word , she began again , giving to her voice all the charm , all the power , all the seduction the demon had bestowed upon it : , i think you are right with respect to our host , and that he is decidedly a frightfully low wretch . ” seemed as though he was constrained to tell the truth . ” interrupted d ’ artagnan . half-hour to prepare . young viscount , are you ? ” ? ” , monsieur , we will duly respect your conscience . ” he added , turning to aramis , “ let us go . ” , ” said villefort . also know that we have done all that human means afforded to endeavor to get one	88.39840698242188
. ” himself that his strength was abandoning him , and he made several steps toward the door ; but the prisoner , whose eye never left him , sprang in pursuit of him and stopped him . one o ’ clock . ” front of him , looking with a kind of involuntary admiration at his handsome face , <unk> both gravity and sweetness of expression . her in your power , why did you not drown her , strangle her , hang her ? ” said porthos . ” he said , hastily , “ do you know if the count is within ? ” come and seek a quarrel with me on account of the fair lady i detain a prisoner ; but i have	92.55525207519531
judges quite ready who will quickly dispose of a woman so shameless as to glide , a <unk> , into the bed of lord de winter , my brother . you this password , ” said she , “ would you forget it as soon as you used it ? ” , but it belongs to d ’ artagnan . and daughter retired into the embrasure of a window to read eagerly the following letter : were really touched by the <unk> of planchet or whether this time nobody was posted on the young man ’ s road , our two travelers arrived at chantilly without any accident , and alighted at the tavern of great st. martin , the same at which they had stopped on their	134.5307159423828
first journey . force of this reasoning , and was silent . often and often , but <unk> , as we say in italy ; next , after monsieur de condé , comes the duke of orleans . ” matter with my hands ! ” asked milady ; “ it seems as if my wrists had been crushed in a vice . ” quickly over the cane . barely enabled him to stifle the secret dantès had so nearly divulged . then said , a fine blade , and had had much practice ; nevertheless it required all his skill to defend himself against an adversary who , active and energetic , departed every instant from received rules , attacking him on all sides at once , and	191.7714385986328
yet <unk> like a man who had the greatest respect for his own <unk> . up and down his cell to collect his thoughts , and then went back and listened . porthos . , came into her mind before going to bed . ? ” ’ artagnan returned to his companions . , it is a prisoner , the noise i make will alarm him , he will cease , and not begin again until he thinks everyone is asleep . ” ’ artagnan . tell me all <unk> ? ” inquired the brigand chief , turning towards his men , who all retreated before his look . , madame , ” replied monte cristo , smiling ; “ in a week i shall have left this	64.97075653076172
country , where so many persons who merit the vengeance of heaven lived happily , while my father perished of hunger and grief . ” openly , it appears , but he does it through m. cavalcanti , and gives him fifty thousand francs for it . ” , who made a sign to him , and he went out , closing the door after him . to commit a robbery , to spoil all my good <unk> yours with <unk> both of us to be dragged down there again ? ” had i better do ? ” at the gate of the town , guarded by two sentinels . short time and france is large . ” his arms , and he went on , guided by	107.81806182861328
them , and preceded by the sentinel . ‘ proud as a gascon , ’ ” replied d ’ artagnan . count , ” said albert . lady ’ s maid , and , weak as she was , she dressed , in order to be ready for whatever might happen . on the morrow ; therefore albert had not an instant to lose in setting forth the programme of his hopes , expectations , and claims to notice . made this passage ? ” beauchamp , ” said albert , drawing franz away , and leaving the former to finish his philosophical dissertation with debray . , ” continued athos , speaking half to himself , “ if i kill you , i shall have the air	94.95258331298828
of a <unk> . ” this great tragedy even to its last scene , ” said athos . to leave the rue du helder without taking anything with you . we are five of us good <unk> , able enough to turn it over again , or if not , to hold on by it . ” said the musketeers . on his neck and embraced him tenderly . the muzzle of a gun pointed at him , and remembering the recommendation of athos , he , with the rapidity of lightning , made his horse rear as the shot was fired . hour passed , two hours passed , and no sound was heard from the <unk> was silent there . said porthos . continued the coadjutor	102.18659973144531
, pitilessly , “ is about to take such measures as seem good to you , but i foresee that they will be violent and such as will still further exasperate the rioters . ” the right , or to the left hand ? ’ pensive , but seeing luigi so cheerful , she on her part assumed a smiling air , which was natural to her when she was not excited or in a passion . port . as on the day of the bastion of st. gervais , and do not bow too low to this italian ; that might give him a poor idea of you . ” so i call her the beautiful indian . ” , since he has become an abbé .	166.89476013183594
while , ” said aramis , “ you can have one of mine . ” , honor and wit , not to mention likewise that he is a man of undoubted resolution . la carconte , “ do as you like . does that astonish you ? ” and tell us all about this signor vampa . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ let him come up . ” to nobody , ” said milady ; “ observe , to <unk> . ” be taken out of prison ; madame bonacieux was released . this is cruel of you , ” said julie , much affected ; and the young lady ’ s eyes swam with tears . ” said the guide ; “ i have	58.78251266479492
forgotten the other key . ” hope valentine will escape ? ” the abbé , closing his hiding-place , and pushing the bed back to its original situation , “ let me hear your story . ” from jupiter , and <unk> by their birth ; but nowadays they are not <unk> . , thinking that danglars or monte cristo had forgotten something they wished to tell him , and had returned just as they were starting . countless , these unheard-of treasures ! , was the object of popular <unk> , in the first place because he <unk> superintendent of finance , and every superintendent of finance deserved to be hated ; in the second place , because he rather deserved the <unk> which he had incurred	153.0629119873047
. . to me , silence , with respect to my friends ; silence about the queen , above all , or you will ruin everybody without saving yourself ! . out a piercing glance darted through the opening of the nearly closed door , and she perceived felton , who drew quickly to one side to prevent being seen by her . hast preserved my memory ; i thank thee , i thank thee ! ” ! and the queen laid her beautiful hand on her bosom . into a very silly affair ; you will be <unk> . , ” said the messenger , with a smile . reverend sir . you , ” said a voice , which he recognized as that of the sentinel	118.50557708740234
. said raoul , “ we have done wisely . ” . . we have only just begun . ” to do ? ” sea should become dry , as in the days of <unk> , and even then my vessels would become caravans . ” d ’ artagnan , with an embarrassed air . de la fere the question . pale . remember the frenchman ’ s name ? ” said morcerf , quite ready to aid the memory of the narrator . clock when he threw himself on the bed . are <unk> . ” said he ; “ you are not unlucky in being charged with such commissions , particularly if my lord has authorized you to look into her bed . ” porthos ,	50.165035247802734
“ it is the one that ought to have been sent to me at first . of me ? monsieur de beaufort ? ” what is there difficult to understand about that ? ” he , “ we have been here an hour , and our wager is won ; but we will be fair players . you scoundrel ! ” said athos , rising upon his elbow , and <unk> grimaud with his flaming look . it must be admitted , by day than by night . , always laughing , joking , <unk> <unk> <unk> nervously with a small switch . maximilian . ” room to another , i will open the windows to let you breathe . ” , then , from our good mother	86.38797760009766
is true ; you have likewise been a victim of that wicked priest . ” milady . assassinating , or causing to be assassinated , the duke of buckingham . ” , ” said anne of austria . fellow d ’ artagnan ? ” baroness , “ i assure you i have no desire to sleep , and that i have a thousand things to tell you this evening , which you must listen to , even though you slept while hearing me . ” ” said aramis , “ that it was our friend mordaunt who made , if not the bargain , at least the <unk> . ” the prompt assistance of your intrepid servant , this dear child and myself must both have perished .	81.88629150390625
” , and you can understand that if i draw out ten millions on the same day it will appear rather strange to the governor . , you say ? ” why did i survive you ? to his own room . letter you had ? ” the queen was with her <unk> ” he , “ m . criminal law , and , consequently , you understand its full application . ” . ” ; i have only heard that an emperor of china had an oven built expressly , and that in this oven twelve jars like this were successively <unk> . wait to be told twice , but passing under the horse ’ s head disappeared at the corner of the rue guenegaud . last	140.04405212402344
favor . ” turn : “ discipline , monseigneur , has , i hope , in no way been forgotten by us . a large divan completely encircled it . on carlini ’ s part ; but to their great surprise , he took a glass in one hand and a flask in the other , and filling it , — fifty francs i should be quite happy . ” , you are in the hands of god ! ” archway of trees with her companion . of monte cristo ? ” ” murmured d ’ artagnan , “ rochefort has kept his promise , but where in the devil is he ? ” and he searched the cabinet even to the smallest recesses , but there was	87.54293060302734
no sign of rochefort . saint-méran also grandfather to mademoiselle danglars ? ” you before , i think the old fellow is very close . ” , then , and the foolish fellow lost all he had ? ” answer him otherwise ; he was polite to me and i was so to him . ” said monte cristo , rising as he spoke— “ i am gallant enough to offer it you . ” , threw herself quickly into the armchair , her head thrown back , her beautiful hair <unk> and disheveled , her bosom half bare beneath her crumpled lace , one hand on her heart , and the other hanging down . i think they are poor , sir . ” exclaimed d ’	113.12130737304688
artagnan ; and another servant entered . not have forced me to come . cried the duchess , “ i shall do what i can . down by the discovery that i have been deceived . vallon , and resign yourself . ” ace first he won ; if a king he lost . he , “ return home . thing ; yes , i know there are traditions of that sort , ” said comminges . caderousse , crossing himself . luxuries of such a repast , which he called an excess , felt the want of a siesta . d ’ artagnan ; “ a quarter of an hour to go to the tent , a quarter of an hour to return ; it is more	75.8781509399414
than we <unk> ” then turning , without the least change of countenance , to porthos , he said , looking him full in the face : “ friend porthos , listen to this ; first , not a syllable to either of our friends of what you have heard ; it is unnecessary for them to know the service we are going to render them . ” in a few days . ” i was but five years old , ” replied haydée . greek mistress ? ” . . the depths of my heart , ” said the young man , taking the spoon from the hands of monte cristo . to the account of robbers , who had stopped the chaise in the wood .	70.29138946533203
the upper rock was lifted from its base by the terrific force of the powder ; the lower one flew into pieces ; thousands of insects escaped from the aperture dantès had previously formed , and a huge snake , like the guardian demon of the treasure , rolled himself along in darkening <unk> , and disappeared . villefort , “ then i was not deceived ; i felt sure it must be you . ” over the note to <unk> it a second time , and saw there was a postscript . badly ! ” replied a voice which the young man recognized as that of planchet ; for , soliloquizing aloud , as very preoccupied people do , he had entered the alley , at the	195.9893798828125
end of which were the stairs which led to his chamber . in spite of the presence of the pilot , until this manœuvre was completed , and then he added , “ <unk> the colors , and square the yards ! ” at his disposal . then , ’ said the sentinel ; ‘ or , as you know your way , go first . ’ his legs lost their <unk> , and he was almost breathless . here ? ” of joy , and , without inquiring whence this attire came , or even thanking luigi , darted into the grotto , transformed into a dressing-room . denounced him ? milady , rising with the majesty of a queen , “ here , felton , behold	115.27698516845703
the new martyrdom invented for a pure young girl , the victim of the brutality of a villain . . , a small craft from dunkirk bound for boulogne . ! ” said mme . unlucky , for my stomach is getting more and more upset . ” my friend wilmore is peculiar , but he is sincere , and as rich as a gold mine , consequently , he may indulge his <unk> without any fear of their ruining him , and i have promised to adhere to his instructions . , but a young corsican , my companion . ” count de guiche to make reply ; not only was he the elder , but he had been presented to the prince by his father .	149.34469604492188
see him on his dying bed , that i might administer to him the consolations of religion . ” teach me the way in which a man of spirit may obtain his pardon . favored by fortune , burst into a loud laugh . his heart swell in his breast ; a flame seemed to rush from his throat to his eyes , he bent his head and wept . d ’ artagnan to athos , “ you see , my dear friend , that this is war to the death . ” and tell me all . ” ; she is already late . cried d ’ artagnan . , like m. danglars , but i am quite as incredulous as he is . ” so ?	59.7412109375
” he could not detach his eyes from that disordered bed , and the pale corpse of the young girl who was lying on it . . said beauchamp , “ with a collar above his cravat , an open coat and white waistcoat ! me he was a young man ? in ‘ projection , ’ means already decided , ” said debray . , ” replied a gendarme . going ? ” there of these linen drapers ? ” ” interrupted beauchamp ; “ are there any materials for an article in what you are going to tell us ? ” ” exclaimed julie , clasping her hands , “ in what did he believe , then ? ” queen are my king and queen ,	99.56687927246094
” replied the musketeer , “ my life is theirs and i must give it for them . took a rabbit , and made it eat a leaf of the cabbage . my advice . you to come to the palace . i should say , for instance , ” resumed danglars , “ that if after a voyage such as dantès has just made , in which he touched at the island of elba , someone were to denounce him to the king ’ s procureur as a bonapartist <unk> ” soon as monsieur had left and disappeared round the corner of the street , monsieur bonacieux took his hat , shut his door , and set off at a quick pace in an opposite direction .	90.08905792236328
” ; they are three frondists , who are gone to rejoin the duc de longueville . ” is one by that <unk> , which is the only thing in the room to remind me that there are other leaves in the world besides leaves of paper . ” laid his axe upon it . there ? ” asked andrea of himself . ” aramis by a movement of his lips endorsed athos . father ’ s name to her , but perhaps she will allude to him of her own accord in the course of the recital , and you have no idea how delighted i should be to hear our name pronounced by such beautiful lips . ” street ? baroness , familiarly to danglars ,	103.59046173095703
and affectionately to monte cristo . . ” genius , milady knew what suited her nature and her means . and pay attention to what i am about to tell you . a baron , so that i actually am one ; he made himself a count , so that he is not one at all . ” mazarin , “ the people there are very <unk> , and their habits , since the revolution , simple ; but no matter . ” cried d ’ artagnan . who have ruined me ! ” it not ? ” , monsieur , lest it be observed that we go out together . and it seemed to her , almost at the same time , that she heard the neighing	79.12311553955078
of horses . ” groslow , “ that is just what we are taking him to london for . ” mercédès , “ i believed you were <unk> , and i was mistaken ! on their shoulders , and thus the children had the best view . save you , i should have considered it another proof of god ’ s mercy , and i would again have endeavored to restore you , i swear by my father ’ s tomb . ” engagement was so much the more <unk> , as there chanced to be on that very night a more than ordinary attraction at the académie royale . ; the poor man was recovering with difficulty the order in his house , in which he had	90.59678649902344
found most of the furniture broken and the closets nearly <unk> not being one of the three things which king solomon names as leaving no traces of their passage . it ; he found it firm , solid , and compact enough to bear any weight . ” he said , “ if you will make haste , we shall yet have time to finish the night at torlonia ’ s . ” you ? ” valentine smiled sadly . ’ artagnan saw a man sitting in a corner by the fire . employ to carry the reprieve to the officer directing the execution ? ” , is free and <unk> , and the memory of my late father is respected in our country , valentine , as	157.7734375
that of the most upright and honorable merchant of the city ; i say our country , because you were born not far from marseilles . ” ’ s room ? ” he murmured and slowly returned , with one hand wiping his forehead , and with the other supporting himself against the wall . a sailor he had recognized there , where another would have seen only a gull hovering over the waves , the sail of a sloop which was directed toward the coast of france . is not my concern , and i shall sup either with or without your permission . ” to him , but they seized hold of her , and one of the <unk> other than the accursed benedetto exclaimed :	136.0281524658203
you were just speaking have been traced by all young men of ardent <unk> . supreme , raoul , was the actual sovereign ; the other , nothing but a phantom to whom he lent a soul ; and yet , so powerful is majesty amongst us , this man has not even the honor of a tomb at the feet of him in whose service his life was worn away . and the duke was about to utter a cry of surprise . dying man that he must be patient . blood , no groans , no convulsions , and above all , no consciousness of that horrid and compromising moment of accomplishing the act , —then one escapes the clutch of the human law , which	248.2902374267578
says , ‘ do not disturb society ! ’ this is the mode in which they manage these things , and succeed in eastern climes , where there are grave and phlegmatic persons who care very little for the questions of time in <unk> of importance . ” with his eyes until the two lovers disappeared behind one of the angles of fort saint <unk> ; then , turning round , he perceived fernand , who had fallen , pale and trembling , into his chair , while caderousse stammered out the words of a <unk> . few the trial was to continue ; the king then , was condemned in advance . ! ” cried the king , “ he , a boy ! foot , then	142.67718505859375
. ” which , from being light in her youth , had become chestnut , and which she wore curled very plainly , and with much powder , admirably set off her face , in which the most rigid <unk> could only have desired a little less rouge , and the most fastidious sculptor a little more <unk> in the nose . murmured danglars . that the king ’ s attorney , be he who he may , with whom i should have to deal , would assuredly be more embarrassed than i should . ” at last met with a light dragoon who had formed one of the guard which had escorted d ’ artagnan to rueil . , ” observed athos . saucepan , and pour	166.80494689941406
your soup into that . closed within and without ; the shutters were only opened to admit a minute ’ s air , showing the scared face of a footman , and immediately afterwards the window would be closed , like a <unk> falling on a sepulchre , and the neighbors would say to each other in a low voice , “ will there be another funeral today at the procureur ’ s house ? ” ! ” exclaimed villefort in an agitated tone ; “ at what number ? ” the half-circle without <unk> his speed , and the gates were closed ere the wheels had ceased to sound on the gravel . ? iron men who never fell dead . from my heart . seen me	165.09532165527344
again , you still <unk> , then you shall be free , and i myself will give you the weapon you desire . ” be upon his guard if the letter should reach him ; and even if it should fall into the hands of the cardinal , we shall not be compromised . , and a lady was announced , a friend of madame de villefort , who came to dine with her . you had fired off your thirty thousand guns they would take the donjon ; the donjon being taken , i should be obliged to let them hang you—at which i should be most unhappy , certainly . ” to weary her with questions , but merely to pay their respectful duty and retire	130.54629516601562
. therefore , he permitted his former host to retire without attempting a recognition , but fully promising himself a rich indemnity for his present forbearance should chance afford him another opportunity . know ; the secret has been well kept . ” candid than you . ” ’ ” ’ artagnan ? ” said athos ; “ we shall have to look elsewhere for our dinner . ” actor in the drama . ” in bad condition , from the results of this accident ; they seem thoroughly stupefied , as if sulky and vexed at having been conquered by man . a confectioner in the rue des lombards ! , ” cried dantès , “ on the contrary , it seems as if i were reading	142.35032653808594
a most interesting narrative ; go on , i beg of you . ” time ! ” cried the duke , spurring on his horse and rushing upon him with his drawn sword . minutes . not be alarmed , ” said the count ; “ do not let a shade of suspicion or uneasiness remain in your breast ; the man standing before you , valentine ( for this time it is no ghost ) , is nothing more than the tenderest father and the most respectful friend you could dream of . ” , his eyes fixed on the gloomy aperture that was open at his feet . the trembling step and agitated countenance of franz when he quitted the chamber of m. noirtier , even	123.02281188964844
she would have been constrained to pity him . of the château d ’ if . . the day before the betrothal feast . ” andrea still more than his ideas ; ideas were but the <unk> , the plan was reality . ” esteem . ” gone to bed and will not go to bed , and wants you instantly . ” said athos , “ this delay is not natural ; they took the shortest route and should have arrived before we did . ” these twenty years , kept down in this inferior rank , without going forward or backward , hardly half living . to hear it , perhaps ? ” durham and may return at any moment . paris . ” ideas of	146.6874542236328
pride which are in fashion in our days did not prevail . his consciousness , but he still lay helpless and exhausted on his miserable bed . will not strike me as i go down . ” the gentleman . with him again in the course of our history , it may be well for our readers to be made at once acquainted with him . ” truth , aramis . ” fetch your wife from the louvre , did you always return directly home ? ” to tell you to watch over yourself , for she had advice that your assassination would be attempted . ” derived a new importance from the ruin of the other <unk> cities , was , then , the focus of dissensions	122.8964614868164
and ambition . that d ’ artagnan had some trouble in keeping up with him . porthos fell . , who from time to time blushed , darted with the rapidity of lightning a glance toward the inconstant porthos ; and then immediately the eyes of porthos wandered anxiously . to both , my good friends , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ may god preserve you ! sir ? ” , then ? ” have been in prison , and that from the conversation of monsieur the <unk> amiable man . ” they found the whole of the audience in the <unk> standing up and directing their gaze towards the box formerly possessed by the russian ambassador . nearer still . ! ” shouted mordaunt ,	112.5941390991211
as his horse plunged and darted off at full gallop . too ; but a letter which madame bonacieux has received from madame the constable , and which she has had the imprudence to show me , leads me to believe that these four men , on the contrary , are on the road hither to take her away . ” mercédès , with her arms extended towards the count , “ since i first knew you , i have adored your name , have respected your memory . , it was a dream . ” been said that i had had him condemned for the sake of justice and had let him escape out of pity . ” the right wing , resting on aunay . for	117.60102081298828
from a chemist ’ s that i have not examined ? ” ; i deliver them to you without <unk> . épinay passed for one of the best swordsmen in the army , but he was pressed so closely in the <unk> that he missed his aim and fell . , he had been taken in at once , and , as we have said , in a very bad state . france somewhat dear to assert her rights in that <unk> country . ’ ” , ” said athos . to be no unusual combination of circumstances ; nevertheless , i perceive some hidden plot in the <unk> , in fact , more than is apparent on a <unk> view of the subject . charming smile and	123.53311157226562
his head bare , and kneeling down , kissed the hand of the duchess de chevreuse . me a visit . and made a sign to mme . , a <unk> part of a railway is worth fully as much as an acre of waste land on the banks of the <unk> . nothing but show them your fist ; and the more respectable your fist is , porthos , the less attractive it is . granite he had seen the two young peasants talking with the carbineers , and guessed the subject of their parley . from the chateau for the time being , ” said the servitor , who , little used as he was to such inquiries , began to examine planchet from head to	154.82655334472656
foot . part , thus <unk> , softened immediately and sat down , and in an almost weeping voice , letting her arms fall by her side , said : beauchamp , pointing out morrel to debray . my good dog , jump the height of this cane for madame de montbazon . ” strictly guarded that he soon perceived the <unk> of any attempt at escape . fere himself . ” opens , as you see . ” staircase , while noirtier ’ s eyes seemed to say , — “ quicker , quicker ! ” count , “ i am very glad to tell you , that while you <unk> , you wring your hands and roll your eyes like a man possessed by a devil	133.56134033203125
who will not leave him ; and i have always observed , that the devil most obstinate to be expelled is a secret . <unk> wine , ” said blaisois , shaking his head . whether the wine of <unk> produces melancholy , but certainly everything appears to me black in this house , ” said debray . of you , my dear friend , and so act as to render your captivity supportable or your flight possible . elegant , <unk> young man , was also possessed of considerable talent and ability ; moreover , he was a <unk> recently created one , certainly , but in the present day it is not necessary to go as far back as <unk> in tracing a descent , and	143.2393035888672
a genealogical tree is equally estimated , whether dated from <unk> or merely 1815 ; but to crown all these advantages , albert de morcerf commanded an income of 50,000 livres , a more than sufficient sum to render him a personage of considerable importance in paris . especial talent ? ” to say to thy friend planchet ? ” name appears so often in our story “ the three musketeers , ” without her actually having appeared in any scene , was still a beautiful woman . us so much trouble and kept us on the road so much ; you gave him three <unk> in three separate engagements . ” , and that was all ; while the august spouse of your majesty is anne of	256.47247314453125
austria , queen of <unk> is to say , one of the greatest princesses in the world . ” the house to which that garden belonged . said mme . left . ? ” , for i see you have a blue ribbon at your button-hole . ” . not strike me as painfully at the time as they have since done ; in fact , all that had happened ( with the exception of the story of the diamond , which certainly did wear an air of <unk> ) , appeared natural enough , and called for neither apprehension nor mistrust ; but , worn out as i was with fatigue , and fully <unk> to proceed onwards directly the tempest abated , i determined to obtain	168.87527465820312
a few hours ’ sleep . room , went to the cupboard , took out the bag and pocket-book , and both began , for the third time , to count their gold and bank-notes . for monsieur bernouin , ” said the porter , opening the door of the third room . they , “ we have promised to deliver scotland and england from him who for the last five-and-twenty years has sucked the blood and gold of scotland and england . ” cried d ’ artagnan . as he pays me—— ” to witness the challenge , he now wishes you to be present at the combat . ” the cardinal is as well posted as yourself , and knows that i have been to london	122.95695495605469
? ” , ” said he . be closing on him ; they appeared to be in concert with his enemies . followed the retreating figures and when the last had closed the door she turned away . awaited the return of his companions . the confidential valet of the duke , who , having accompanied him in all his voyages , spoke french perfectly well ; he told him that he came from paris on an affair of life and death , and that he must speak with his master instantly . composed until the name of villefort had been pronounced ; but then she became pale , and , rising , as if touched by a spring , she stretched out her hands as though conjuring	118.53717041015625
an apparition ; she then took two or three steps towards her husband , as though to tear the secret from him , of which he was ignorant , or which he withheld from some odious calculation , <unk> , as all his calculations were . porthos . ” said d ’ artagnan , half dead with fright , “ you made no mention of my diamond ? ” met has been a long and narrow boat , manned by six or eight men , who have surprised and plundered it , some dark and stormy night , near some desert and gloomy island , as bandits plunder a carriage in the recesses of a forest . ” speak aloud in one or the other . ” ,	148.31983947753906
” said athos . woman in his own name ; and as this vengeance appeared to him to have a certain sweetness in it , he could not make up his mind to renounce it . their oars , but the sea was too high to let them get much hold of it . of him who served in the religious wars under the great king henry , the father of his gracious majesty . ” ” , so you see you must have been interesting . cleared every obstacle away , and he saw successively the lock , placed between two padlocks , and the two handles at each end , all carved as things were carved at that epoch , when art rendered the <unk> <unk>	162.6365509033203
precious . children with all these titles ? ” men in the <unk> and stables , and he placed them at the queen ’ s disposal . manifested ? ; yes , let us go . ” prefect of police to interfere with my private affairs . , and received with enthusiasm , when fortunately eleven o ’ clock struck . your doing so. ” monte cristo chose this moment for re-entering the drawing-room . . that , won by his mild charity , seeing that he was acquainted with all the habits and customs of my own country , and considering also that pardon for the only crime of which i was really guilty might come with a double power from lips so benevolent and kind ,	176.78753662109375
i besought him to receive my confession , under the seal of which i recounted the auteuil affair in all its details , as well as every other transaction of my life . just passed at the house of m. de villefort . gutenberg™ electronic works , and the medium on which they may be stored , may contain “ defects , ” such as , but not limited to , incomplete , inaccurate or corrupt data , transcription errors , a copyright or other intellectual property infringement , a defective or damaged disk or other medium , a computer virus , or computer codes that damage or can not be read by your equipment . has returned to tours . ” dantès proudly , “ it was	312.5809631347656
only to summon assistance for you . ” ’ artagnan , giving rein to his famous steed , who , darting forth , overturned several men . gentlemen ? ” , ” said porthos , <unk> in his own . would prefer dying on the spot to being arrested or taking back a step . know the word must ; with that word great things are done . ” his sword and cross of honor . ? ” asked villefort ; “ let him be removed from the house , that he may not see—— ” for money . ” ? ” the procession was obliged to stop . play the part in france that cromwell plays in england ? ” that scrap of paper so that i	116.9494857788086
may justify , by a pretext at least , my abandoning my countrymen . like the preceding ones ; she saw albert attempt to persuade the count , but he obstinately refused . sought to control himself . <unk> “ edward ! ” that month our four companions had landed at boulogne , and , in two parties , had set out for paris . know to whom to present it ? ” their ignorance was a sort of reflection upon them . not to do that ; he would have found in what fashion we had executed his commission . ” house , do you say , edmond ! because you are overheard , ” coolly replied milady ; “ and you wish to interest your jailers	175.8648681640625
and your hangmen against me . ” , that unhappy woman ? ” have said , was dead . be in his own house , and only see them when he thinks fit to do so . ” he , “ is a proof of my satisfaction . ” the president , with whom he was to dance , and his highness monsieur with the queen . ” the better , i feared this little precaution might have been forgotten . ” the last and most tumultuous day of the carnival . who have a taste for chemistry , ” said monte cristo carelessly . uncle ! ” he murmured . and he was convinced that no one was watching him . order dinner for yourself and when	78.15440368652344
you have rested a little we can talk . ” ” said the prince , saluting them ; “ first speak ; we shall have time afterward for the usual compliments . to resist poison ? ” of the young men , and the lackeys of the count de guiche guarded carefully between them the spanish prisoner , mounted on a pony which had been bought for his use . that m. danglars make a speech at the chamber of deputies , and at his wife ’ s this evening i shall hear the tragedy of a peer of france . chapter lxxi . family name ? ” ” said athos , “ i beg you to believe that i care very little about it . to me	91.43743896484375
to be intended to enjoy felicity so unmixed ; happiness is like the enchanted palaces we read of in our childhood , where fierce , fiery dragons defend the entrance and approach ; and monsters of all shapes and kinds , <unk> to be overcome ere victory is ours . ; she is a woman to return you the like , and not to fail . ” ” exclaimed the duc de blacas , “ m . should think myself as rich as <unk> ” then aloud : “ are you ambitious ? ” horse , monsieur de bragelonne ? ” your best friend , dantès , for he is my friend , my cousin , my brother ; it is fernand—the man whom , after you ,	217.859130859375
edmond , i love the best in the world . ? ” said morrel . . ” madame ? <unk> is your name ? ” latin , ” responded the marquise . for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works , reports , performances and research . from a man without a heart . ” they cried . never to speak a word of french , which he however wrote with great facility . ” present , m. morrel , farewell , and a thousand thanks ! ” . and i will hasten to have you furnished with it . ” a buffet a piece of cheese , some preserved <unk> , and a cake which she had herself made of <unk> and honey . therefore	118.1369857788086
, by the side of danglars , who was more and more charmed with the ideas of order and economy which ruled this man , and yet who , being able to allow his son 60,000 francs a year , might be supposed to possess a fortune of 500,000 or 600,000 livres . , she was there , ” replied milady ; “ but the queen has obtained an order from the king by means of which she has been conveyed to a convent . ” it was evidently not without a mighty effort . a glance from the corner of his eye . ; he feared it would be hypocritical to <unk> in a friendly manner the man whom he was <unk> opposing , but his oath	104.18476104736328
and the gravity of the circumstances recurred to his memory ; he struggled to conceal his emotion and bowed to franz . you , ” answered the abbé , “ that i loathe the idea of shedding blood . ” dear athos , no , you are right ; but among enemies it would be only a stratagem . ” you alone in this abominable country . ” ’ artagnan ; “ there ’ ll be firing ! ’ artagnan to be of bad augury . occupied , his business makes him reflective , and he might , without intending it—— ” , how is it that i have not seen him lately at the baron ’ s house ? ” started in every direction over england and	103.54319763183594
europe to announce that charles stuart was the prisoner of oliver cromwell . about some thing . ” , and the reason why i was condemned . in the atmosphere , he knew that they were entering a cave ; after going on for a few seconds more he heard a crackling , and it seemed to him as though the atmosphere again changed , and became balmy and perfumed . nothing to fear . first care of government should be to set at liberty those who have suffered for their <unk> to it . ” plane-tree , must have been where the infant ’ s grave was dug . me more confidence . ” and the bastion seemed abandoned . him , for it will be necessary	169.39862060546875
he should know you , as he is to pay your money . ” from him for whom she has sacrificed everything ! hours before nine o ’ clock arrived , andrea employed in riding , paying visits , <unk> to induce those of whom he had spoken to appear at the banker ’ s in their gayest equipages , <unk> them by promises of shares in schemes which have since turned every brain , and in which danglars was just taking the <unk> . with so much preparation—— ” not meddle with what we are discussing , for that requires all one ’ s wit and cool judgment . ” treasure disappeared , and had again reverted to the genii from whom for a moment he had	194.4746551513672
hoped to carry it off . it is one of my friends who loves <unk> athos , this gentleman here . ” warm to walk , ” resumed d ’ artagnan . who constantly defended the unfortunate boy , good advice , and as she confessed that she had several times missed money to a considerable amount , i showed her a safe place in which to conceal our little treasure for the future . d ’ artagnan , “ athos is right , it must be burned . ? ” comes from a priest . ” my road . ” even to the most aristocratic organization ; and imperceptibly , d ’ artagnan , always in the camp , always on horseback , always in garrison ,	104.68922424316406
became ( i know not how in the present age one would express it ) a <unk> <unk> . sooner with her mother . said d ’ artagnan ; “ it ’ s a good omen , master <unk> out for the king . ” , and had probably noticed nothing . to bear a charmed life . to watch the effect of the shot , fell back hopeless , wringing his hands . noirtier . more grateful to your eminence , ” replied anne of austria , with a smile that proved she was not the dupe of this ingenious gallantry , “ from being certain that these two studs alone have cost you as much as all the others cost his majesty . ” remember that	125.35671997070312
kiss ! —it was the last he ever gave me , and i feel as if it were still warm on my forehead . ” exclaimed athos , “ to-day love is like <unk> breastplate is becoming useless . ” will soon be taken away . ” ” continued franz . time that he was dumb ; he answers only by signs . let us say no more about it , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ and let us burn this letter , which , no doubt , announces to you some fresh infidelity of your _grisette_ or your chambermaid . ” a ready bond of union . ” still <unk> bonapartist , and is called noirtier ; i , on the contrary , am a	123.18276977539062
staunch royalist , and style myself de villefort . i hope ? ” impatiently . to his sword , and said , with the smile of a man who for thirty years has jested with death : you can find out , ” said d ’ artagnan . such a spectacle know that there is nothing more solemn , more striking , than the raging sea , rolling , with its <unk> roar , its dark billows beneath the pale light of a wintry moon . that is enough to take us to london and back . the rest , had , besides the main entrance , another in the rue de <unk> . , ” replied andrea . chapter 10 . came into the room . <unk>	116.12002563476562
, franz carefully avoided the corso ; he brought away with him a treasure of pious thoughts , to which the mad gayety of the maskers would have been profanation . years ’ wages ? , they are falling into their appointed order ; and when , again , our attention is directed to them , we are surprised at the progress they have made towards the proposed end . ” promised visit to get some light on his present situation . her part in the conversation and added : ; but not with men . not ! ” answered caderousse , “ you merely threw it <unk> saw it lying in a corner . ” uttered a sigh . a heap which rolled down . by step	192.48226928710938
; the only thing i could not conquer was a strange trembling in my knees . baron , ” said she , “ i am <unk> the baron , who knows very well that i shall not kill myself , will place me before him with a knife in my hand , and he will discover that all this despair is but acted . ” the abbé to himself , “ you would have done. ” the abbé rose , took his hat and gloves . terrible a poison ? ” it is more difficult than i thought . faria had so often drawn them for him . , ” said d ’ artagnan , without stopping to explain his conduct to porthos , “ all for one	76.5266342163086
, one for <unk> is our motto , is it not ? ” her carriage , and heard her order the coachman to drive to st. germain . mayor , what is my opinion of m. morrel , and i shall say that he is a man honorable to the last degree , and who has up to this time fulfilled every engagement with scrupulous punctuality . a murmur along the benches , and a second voice , not that of a woman , but a man ’ s , stout and furious , <unk> behind d ’ artagnan . the carriage the president reminded the general of his promise to allow his eyes to be bandaged , to which he made no opposition . nevertheless i believe	113.96885681152344
she runs some great peril from which your grace alone can extricate her . ” i warn you . ” ! ’ cried he , seizing my arm , and <unk> from me the weapon that had so badly served me , ‘ you want to take my life , do you , my pretty puritan ? majesty be uneasy , we will find means . ” is allowed to one of god ’ s creatures to be on this earth ; but say out all you think , d ’ artagnan , for you have not yet done so . ” said aramis , “ we are all alike . did so at caderousse ’ s ideas . related everything to <unk> , instead of going to	90.2784423828125
london , he had <unk> the little vessel ; how he had returned ; how he had <unk> the wall by fastening cramps in the interstices of the stones , as he ascended , to give him <unk> ; and how , when he had reached the bars , he fastened his ladder . hope of flight was gone . the duel , hoping to conceal its true cause even from his seconds . ” you , and we will fly ; but from this moment until then , let us not tempt providence , let us not see each other . should hold responsible , and i will hold them responsible . ” , m. noirtier , ” said d ’ avrigny ; “ i am going	94.82051086425781
to take my patient into the next room to bleed him ; this sort of attack is very frightful to witness . ” century chapter xi . cheerful companion , with whom he was accustomed to live so intimately , no longer breathed . haydée , do you believe you shall be able to accustom yourself to our present mode of life ? ” liked me and called me the most honest man in the kingdom . , ” said vampa , as he left the cell . ascertain , sire , ” replied d ’ artagnan , as he rapidly left the room . friends of other times ; among those who aided you to contend against the duc de richelieu and even to conquer him .	132.26841735839844
” of paris and leave you beyond the barriere , and can return for her . ” ” said he . necessary , monseigneur will show him how that formality may be avoided . ” , ” said the bandit , “ it is my favorite work . ” felton , “ no ; you shall live and you shall be avenged . ” ? ” these cries , all these complaints , these curses , produce nothing but storms and flashes and that is all ; but the lightning will not strike until there is a hand to guide it . ” to do with my cash box . the gendarme , placing his knee on his chest ; “ this is the way you keep your	95.88215637207031
word as a sailor ! , ” he said , “ explain , my child , ” he said , “ <unk> did you find this purse ? ” <unk> . ” in particular , in consequence of the disturbances that were perpetually breaking out in avignon , nîmes , or <unk> . morcerf . members . ” said d ’ artagnan . d ’ épinay , ” said he ; “ you requested to see him . was brought up in corsica ; you are old and obstinate , i am young and wilful . s prisoner . ” has been so with other <unk> , for instance , who was not half so bad as napoleon , had his partisans and advocates . ” have a	66.65071105957031
delightful way of setting people at their ease . ” you . clock this morning she had not returned . ” , and with her face hidden by her hands was giving free scope to the sighs and tears which had been so long restrained by the presence of her son . the waxlight , slipped it into his pocket , and taking up the lantern : “ now , ” he said , “ for monsieur de la fere . ” me , and you come to england . reproaching me with selfishness , think a little what you have been to me—the beautiful but cold resemblance of a marble venus . . duke , opening the door of the chapel , “ patrick ! ” his	105.54161071777344
confidential valet appeared . andrea , “ my father ’ s old servant . something to you . , if you please. ” said the abbé ; “ edmond talked to me a great deal about the old man for whom he had the deepest love . ” , seen something ? ” replied d ’ artagnan . heard by her . cloak chapter lxv . ” said porthos , haughtily ; “ do you take me for a beggar ? ” advance ; and in addition to the lightness of her step , which had betrayed her , she emitted a little cough which denoted a sweet voice . merri , st. sulpice and st. eustache . than a hundred pistoles ’ worth ! ’ artagnan ,	88.51895904541016
i am , i hope , still dear athos , your comrade , your friend . said the officer , in a jeering tone ; ‘ well , what do you want with me ? ’ ‘ i want you to spare time to take a walk with me. ’ ‘ tomorrow morning , if you like , with the greatest <unk> ’ ‘ no , not tomorrow morning , if you please , but immediately. ’ ‘ if you absolutely <unk> ’ ‘ i do insist upon it. ’ ‘ come , then . go incognito , count , under the name of marie michon . ” a moment motionless , asking himself where he could be ; but soon a ray of light which penetrated through	152.1322479248047
the chamber , together with the warm and perfumed air which reached him from the same aperture , the conversation of two of three ladies in language at once respectful and refined , and the word “ majesty ” several times repeated , indicated clearly that he was in a closet attached to the queen ’ s apartment . stay , ’ added la carconte in a tremulous voice ; ‘ we will take every care of you . ’ and approached the bed of the wounded man . ” replied d ’ artagnan . . woman seemed to hesitate , as she had before done in the rue vaugirard . i converse with her ? ” said albert , in a low tone to monte cristo .	106.11441040039062
having killed that fellow , my boy , seeing that it is blessed bread to kill an englishman ; but if i had pocketed his pistoles , they would have weighed me down like a remorse . ” that ’ s it , is it ? ” said noirtier ; “ and why , then , have they not laid hands on him ? ” ? ” repeated the king . for this scene by the state of his own feelings , which were mournful , and by the majesty of the cathedral which he had passed through , descended in a slow and solemn manner and stood with head uncovered before these mortal spoils of the last king , who was not to be placed by the	98.19942474365234
side of his forefathers until his successor should take his place there ; and who appeared to abide on that spot , that he might thus address human pride , so sure to be exalted by the <unk> of a throne : “ dust of the earth ! rappel ! ” cried chatillon ; “ we must discover what is going on . ” me , and i , fool as i was , instead of keeping the ring as a holy relic , gave it to this wretch . ” with us hereafter ! ” ? ” , ” said athos ; “ we must wait for aramis . ” for you ? ” asked athos . aramis , “ i am extremely careful of my appearance	78.18072509765625
. of a mantelpiece in a small room on the fifth floor . ” leave at the general hôtel , as at a <unk> , his own horse and that of his lackey . know whether your excellency has succeeded or not . ” by ‘ the pure parliament ’ ? from m. de morcerf ’ s ? ” asked monte cristo . , —a hundred and eighty leagues ! ” words to his prophet , why should i seek to make myself better than god ? ” , whilst d ’ artagnan was quite disposed to adopt a subtle course against the cunning of aramis or the vanity of porthos , he was ashamed to <unk> with athos , <unk> , open athos . ” said m.	96.92619323730469
morrel , “ i know there was no one in fault but destiny . almost poetical fervor prevailed . at court . all this to turn a head only twenty-three years old , and mme . have worn these studs was at a ball given by the king eight days ago at windsor . there to be imprisoned , ” said dantès ; “ it is only used for political prisoners . me , ” continued she , with a feeling of profound melancholy , “ my eyes no longer dazzle by their brilliancy , for the time has long fled since i used to smile on edmond dantès , who anxiously looked out for me from the window of yonder garret , then inhabited by his old	193.85552978515625
father . to be at liberty on that beach ! my heart is overflowing with happiness . ” immediately to his hôtel , and caused himself to be announced . gentlemen ? ” asked mazarin . . i fear nothing . ” a man walking on the seashore parallel to the jetty , and hastening his steps , as if to reach the other side of the port , scarcely twenty steps from the place of embarking . suppose , that the musketeers are better soldiers than the <unk> ” the cardinal smiled as he spoke . with a mission from his eminence , cardinal mazarin ? ” a surprise , mixed with <unk> slight storm which would resolve itself into tears ; but he was strangely deceived	128.24993896484375
, and his error was not of long duration . believe athos to be capable of a deception , but he sought an excuse for not going to the rendezvous . right , monsieur , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but you know athos , porthos , and aramis , and you know if i can dispose of them . ” eyes are better than mine . any extreme circumstance it might not only extricate us from some great embarrassment , but even a great danger . which had so long been the object of the abbé ’ s meditations , could insure the future happiness of him whom faria really loved as a son , it had doubled its value in his eyes , and	115.87156677246094
every day he <unk> on the amount , explaining to dantès all the good which , with thirteen or fourteen millions of francs , a man could do in these days to his friends ; and then dantès ’ countenance became gloomy , for the oath of vengeance he had taken recurred to his memory , and he reflected how much ill , in these times , a man with thirteen or fourteen millions could do to his enemies . sacred in two senses ; he should be <unk> as the author of our being and as a master whom we ought to obey . ” in the shade of the corridor , and the young lieutenant , with whom we are already acquainted , stopped at the	144.02548217773438
threshold to receive the orders of the baron . d ’ artagnan , “ it is because i am the most unfortunate . ” very pale . lost ! ” one moment before you go . ” warn me . to seven ? ” cried la ramee , cold sweat upon his brow . the whole scene of that challenge yesterday ; i have been thinking of your firmness all night , and i said to myself that justice must be on your side , or man ’ s countenance is no longer to be relied on . ” before it , resembling in its effect the wind passing over a field of <unk> , by its superior strength forcing every ear to yield <unk> . , with	102.25205993652344
whose retreat the cardinal was unacquainted . ” ? ” know anne of austria better than i do . and honor ; and as m. de la <unk> protestant , and seeing the king <unk> of no party , he did not , in general , carry any <unk> into his social relations . the sound of horses ’ feet . approach of death . . ’ , on the contrary , adorable . ” , ” said tréville . do with what m. de blacas has told me , and m. de villefort has just confirmed ? ” m. de blacas moved suddenly towards the baron , but the fright of the courtier pleaded for the forbearance of the statesman ; and besides , as matters were	120.54420471191406
, it was much more to his advantage that the prefect of police should triumph over him than that he should humiliate the prefect . an old shoe . shame he felt at having exposed himself before his servants , partly recalled his senses , but the ride was short , and as he drew near his house all his wretchedness revived . , preparing for a stroke ? ” , the father embraced her first , and then the lover ; afterwards , one taking the head , the other the feet , they placed her in the grave . ; you can borrow at least a thousand crowns on it . in louis of twelve francs . ” time they had reached the thickest part of	164.5038299560547
the forest . xxx . musketoon and a pistol . tell you , wretched man . ” for you , who , as i learn , have seen as many lands as are <unk> on this map . ” juxon , “ you shall be obeyed . ” aramis stood still . , he forbade him to leave his service without his permission . , make up her mind to renounce the world , sir , since it is only about a year ago that she herself proposed entering a convent . ” when he first arrived ? ” milady . morrel , smiling , “ it was the 5th of september , the anniversary of the day on which my father was miraculously preserved ; therefore ,	93.97137451171875
as far as it lies in my power , i endeavor to celebrate it by <unk> ” that monsieur de beaufort is going to escape from vincennes , if he has not done so already . ” the jetty was deserted , as he approached it ; but he had no sooner landed than he heard a noise of horses galloping upon the paved road . leisure hours in the donjon of vincennes . with which you may inspire me . ” returned she , ‘ it was a gift of heaven . d ’ artagnan possessed that invincible stock of resolution which the counsels of his father had implanted in his heart : “ endure nothing from anyone but the king , the cardinal , and monsieur	116.15214538574219
de <unk> ” he flew , then , rather than walked , toward the convent of the carmes <unk> , or rather <unk> , as it was called at that period , a sort of building without a window , surrounded by barren <unk> accessory to the <unk> , and which was generally employed as the place for the duels of men who had no time to lose . man ’ s eyes were fixed on the door , and did not quit it . we shall have all the time to talk , and nobody will hear <unk> i guarantee the walls of the bastion have no ears ; if we are , we will talk of our affairs just the same . to begin again !	94.31937408447266
” said mme . as if the sonorous tones of monte cristo ’ s voice had awakened her from a dream ; and she resumed her narrative . the wall gave way , and a hole large enough to insert the arm was opened . side could not comprehend his astonishment , he merely pushed him <unk> , saying , “ let us go in . ” being disengaged , takes to the service willingly ? ” he asked . , ” said the abbé . owe her . ” of d ’ artagnan , the shutter remained closed . sent for us ; my mother had been crying all the night , and was very wretched ; we found the pasha calm , but paler than usual	110.60433959960938
. , which was long , the public attention was continually drawn towards andrea , who bore the inspection with spartan unconcern . the young girl , with an authoritative tone the count had never observed before , and which startled him . excuses to the marquise and mademoiselle renée , whom i leave on such a day with great regret . ” he placed his feeble influence at her majesty ’ s command . ? ” his saddle-bags and sheathed his sword . artagnan ! ” said athos . year <unk> , two young men belonging to the first society of paris , the viscount albert de morcerf and the baron franz d ’ épinay , were at florence . you please , my good <unk> here	111.21797943115234
, at least . cry out ‘ help ! ’ for you and for your companions to be cut to pieces , and then i should have been free . ” , ’ said la carconte . wager i can go up into the belfry of the <unk> , and without staggering , too ! ” observing him and guessing his thoughts , took his arm and led him into the garden . doors again ? ” <unk> himself more than ever , to evade the enormous number of <unk> presented to him for the purpose of obtaining <unk> of admission to the court on the day of trial . bedroom , and , glancing rapidly from the garden to the street , he saw first caderousse ,	124.94828796386719
who after walking to the end of the garden , fixed his ladder against the wall at a different part from where he came in . band of followers , and followed the footsteps of <unk> and <unk> , whom he hoped to surpass . here <unk> ” . pleasure and surprise escaped from the lips of valentine , who almost instantly said , in a saddened tone , as though some envious cloud darkened the joy which illumined her heart : he added , turning towards bertuccio . to fire ! ” found , at the place indicated by the count , the sum of money which he , through a sense of delicacy , had described as having been placed there twenty-four years previously . left	157.2183837890625
the room ; he heard her ascend the little staircase which led both to madame de villefort ’ s apartments and to hers . in the habit of receiving ! ” replied milady , for whom this conversation began to have a real interest . the open doors . explain to you . ” the idea that a young , handsome , kind , and witty woman is at the same time rich takes nothing from the beginning of love , but on the contrary <unk> it . lover ; but as you are satisfied of my love , you must , in your turn , satisfy me of yours . ! hear them call for help ? ” as regards yourself. ” said valentine ; “ and	117.68067932128906
i own that , if you have no stronger proof to give me—— ” which beauchamp had closed the conference left a bitter recollection in his heart . his name , and in an instant recovering all his remembrances of the present and the past , m. de tréville grasped the situation . on the stairs of people moving hastily , and half-stifled sobs . capable of that ? ” do you see that good man ? pressed his head within his hands , and during that brief period he became nearly mad with terror ; but soon a ray of hope glimmered in the multitude of thoughts which bewildered his mind , and a faint smile played upon his white lips and pallid cheeks . us that	171.9383087158203
<unk> ’ it will be necessary to act promptly . ” with your companions who are in the glade at rocca bianca . ’ of the garden without uttering a word . useless . ” returned gaetano , repeating franz ’ s words . jacopo ; “ but i have a shirt and a pair of trousers . ” thee ! ” will force it , ” said porthos . in the neighborhood of noyon that he must seek that estate . the count for the particular pleasure of his daughter carmela , whom he adored . the gascon began to laugh at him and said : some have even loved me ; but i think that god has not pardoned me , for the memory of that	126.50592041015625
execution pursues me constantly and every night i see that woman ’ s ghost rising before me . ” , ” replied the count “ that i gave him the same advice . truth , monsieur le coadjuteur ’ s carriage , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ upon my honor i begin to think that heaven favors us . ” carriage , the officer placed himself by his side , the door was locked , and they were left in a rolling prison . wish to see all relating to the poor abbé , who really was gentleness itself . ” it remains , possibly , for us to accomplish ours . ” , then , to go into the chamber of monsieur d ’ artagnan	92.33110809326172
, your neighbor , with whom you had a long conference during the day ? ” <unk> ” perhaps . ” , aramis ? ” said porthos , turning toward another musketeer . ” answered athos , “ your majesty has guessed aright . ” these things ? ” asked porthos . place and smiled . finished , he shut his eyes several times , which was his manner of saying “ no . ” would perhaps have doubted the sincerity of d ’ artagnan if the wine had been bad ; but the wine was good , and he was convinced . to say ? ” ” said valentine , throwing herself on her knees , and putting her arm round her grandfather ’ s neck ,	68.86520385742188
“ i am vexed , too , for i do not love m. franz d ’ épinay . ” , you will no longer be performing your <unk> for practice , but on a field of battle . ” present occupants was placed as the former owner of the chamber had been accustomed to have his ; and , in spite of his efforts to prevent it , the eyes of edmond were suffused in tears as he reflected that on that spot the old man had breathed his last , vainly calling for his son . is in me less strength to endure . room ; maximilian was obliged to let him pass , but he followed him . it and go . been presented to madame	113.92283630371094
de saint-méran , who had left her bed to receive him , but had been obliged to return to it immediately after . , so they told me ! ” her hand and her arm was supported by a cushion . looked at his mother , and then , finding that she did not confirm the order , began cutting off the heads of his leaden soldiers . ” that <unk> like those of the <unk> spaniards , <unk> , and <unk> , and the other has fists big enough to crush an ox at one blow . old soldiers the evening before a battle is a serious time ; it was so with greater reason to two young men who were about to witness for the first	112.56365203857422
time that terrible spectacle . valentine , half believing herself under the influence of some feverish hallucination ; “ what are you saying , sir ? ” to ten years of imprisonment , and to be branded . d ’ artagnan repaired to the quarters of athos , whom he found in a fair way to empty a bottle of spanish <unk> occupation which he <unk> accomplished every night . , ” cried bonacieux , who saw he had taken a false step , “ that is to say— ” . , ’ said the jeweller , ‘ you seem , my good friends , to have had some fears respecting the accuracy of your money , by counting it over so carefully directly i was gone .	126.15882110595703
’ shocked on the landing , his respect for the cardinal was scandalized in the antechamber . it will be a laudable action on your part , and i will thank you for it ! ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . madame de villefort ; “ then this house belonged to m. de saint-méran before you bought it ? ” s name ! ” cried comminges . . informed of your wish ? ” ’ artagnan , ” resumed aramis , giving to his voice a slight tone of bitterness , “ trust me ! , ” said d ’ artagnan . me if i took it into my head to disobey you ? , monseigneur . ” ; is there not also a matrimonial engagement	57.029823303222656
contemplated for him ? ” his arms , embraced him , shook him , called him , but the child made no response . at athos and aramis , who slyly pushed their chairs a little back so as to leave themselves more space for action . your count , and you shall have him all to yourself . . , a famous french painter ( <unk> ) . eyes , habituated to the darkness , had recognized the messenger of the pasha , —it was a friend . the mayor . be ? ” the little abbé scarron . me ? part . ” to go to him without first seeing you . ” ; but that is not the question . thus he better guarded the	138.9615020751953
<unk> opening . cried porthos , “ we will not <unk> ” , ” returned morrel ; “ and i will pay <unk> i shall be <unk> ” these last words were uttered in so low a tone that the stranger could not hear them . ” now threatened , would be safe , and you— ” i should knock yonder and should have a good supper there , too ; whereas , ’ tis very possible that between the castle and the convent we shall sleep on hard beds , dying with hunger and thirst . ” at the person of the young man and entered the cabinet of the cardinal , to whom he transmitted the messenger ’ s words . cold silence , during which	113.23918151855469
everyone was affected according to his nature . separated ? ” perugia , sir , and the hôtel des postes , and the festival of which you speak , ” said madame de villefort , “ but in vain do i tax my memory , of whose treachery i am ashamed , for i really do not recall to mind that i ever had the pleasure of seeing you before . ” prisoner toward the table , and upon a sign from the commissary drew back so far as to be unable to hear anything . the works of modern artists ; there were landscapes by <unk> , with their long <unk> and tall trees , their <unk> oxen and marvellous skies ; <unk> ’ s arabian cavaliers	169.44708251953125
, with their long white <unk> , their shining <unk> , their damasked arms , their horses , who tore each other with their teeth while their riders contended fiercely with their maces ; <unk> of <unk> , representing notre dame de paris with that vigor that makes the artist the rival of the poet ; there were paintings by <unk> , who makes his flowers more beautiful than flowers , his <unk> more brilliant than the sun ; designs by decamp , as vividly colored as those of <unk> rosa , but more poetic ; <unk> by <unk> and <unk> , representing children like angels and women with the features of a virgin ; <unk> torn from the album of <unk> ’ “ travels in the east	348.54168701171875
, ” that had been made in a few seconds on the saddle of a <unk> , or beneath the <unk> of a <unk> a word , all that modern art can give in exchange and as recompense for the art lost and gone with ages long since past . frontiers of artois and of flanders . understood that athos was sure of his vengeance when he revealed such a secret . porthos , almost choked with dust and chewing his bridle as a horse <unk> his bit . who had pursued me during a whole year , who had vowed my dishonor , and who , by the first words that issued from his mouth , gave me to understand he had accomplished it the preceding night	192.2875213623047
. ” not send in his name . ” butcher would not let his horse out like that without knowing where it was going . , you ’ d better take lodging in the rue montorgueil at the chat qui <unk> . ” cried aramis , “ i think you consented to accompany me only to give me a <unk> forgive me ! ” at each other and smiled ; they understood without speaking , their <unk> were so delicate and sympathetic . ? ” said d ’ artagnan . be , i charge you not to advance another <unk> ’ — ‘ long live the emperor ! ’ said the figure . , parodying the banker , as the selection came to an end . alone ,	121.96636199951172
remained silent , face to face . my lord , and was jealous . ” said she , “ i place full confidence in you , my friend ! ” he , “ friend , what matters the regiment of guards to us , and art thou not mad to make such a disturbance ? substance partly solid , of which it was impossible to discover the color , owing to the reflection of the polished gold , <unk> , rubies , emeralds , which ornamented the box . , and i am happy to be able now to do more than detest <unk> despise them . ” , m. danglars ; today all preliminaries will be arranged at my father ’ s , and tomorrow , or	115.04228973388672
next day at latest , the wedding festival here at la réserve . ” asked the young man . ! ” and when i had finished , burst out laughing . , ” said the prisoner ; “ you know that we who are true christians are forbidden to lie . ” guilty ; whatever crimes they may have committed , for me the guilty are sacred at the feet of god ! ” his eyes slowly rose towards heaven with an expression of infinite gratitude . of a count of monte cristo ? ” the captain instantly conducted them to the berth prepared for <unk> cabin which was to serve for all purposes and for the whole party ; he then tried to slip away under pretext	140.8652801513672
of giving orders to some one . , he <unk> the appetizing odor of the kid that was roasting , and knew thus that he was passing the bivouac ; they then led him on about fifty paces farther , evidently advancing towards that part of the shore where they would not allow gaetano to <unk> refusal he could now comprehend . athos . with him ? ” and separated , aramis ascending the street which led to the luxembourg , while d ’ artagnan , perceiving the appointed hour was approaching , took the road to the carmes-deschaux , saying to himself , “ decidedly i can ’ t draw back ; but at least , if i am killed , i shall be killed by a	140.35263061523438
musketeer . ” ! ” cried milady . he said , ‘ providence does exist , only you have never seen him , because the child of god is as invisible as the parent . ; instead of <unk> about the <unk> of hell i talk of the joys of paradise . a little rosewood box which he held under his arm ? their swords , and returned them to their <unk> . was going to assassinate him and he drew back , pushing his chair on the castors . was now his whole thought , his whole soul . granddaughter , mademoiselle de villefort ; it is she who has nursed and tended him for six years , and has , by her devoted attention , fully	112.75354766845703
secured the affection , i had almost said the gratitude , of her grandfather , and it is but just that she should reap the fruit of her devotion . ” his purpose . ” , he might have been contented with this new conquest ; but the principal features of his character were ambition and pride . ” and the bier was lifted once more , and they proceeded . spanish bonds ? ” he asked of the baroness . the streets of grenelle , saint honore , and du coq , a double stream of people broke the feeble hedge of swiss guards and came like a whirlwind even to the very legs of porthos ’ s horse and that of d ’ artagnan . fere	159.4123992919922
, whose family is allied to the montmorency and the rohan , is easily the equal of monsieur de mazarin . ” to the king ’ s attorney , which the count of monte cristo , disguised as a clerk from the house of thomson & french , had taken from the file against edmond dantès , on the day he had paid the two hundred thousand francs to m. de boville . to be consummated ? ” in the mind of the young man , and heaved a deep sigh . , and there is not the least question of love in this letter ; but , on the other hand , there is abundant question of you . ” , with clear blue eyes , rather	65.88687133789062
deeply set ; his mouth , fine and well cut , remained motionless in its correct lines ; his chin , strongly marked , denoted that strength of will which in the ordinary <unk> type <unk> mostly nothing but obstinacy ; a brow a little receding , as is proper for poets , enthusiasts , and soldiers , was scarcely shaded by short thin hair which , like the beard which covered the lower part of his face , was of a beautiful deep chestnut color . that went on about you from the time when you were three years old ? ” said albert . and icy . dates volume chapters 1 the three musketeers <unk> <unk> 1 2 twenty years after 1259 <unk> 2 3 the	429.3912048339844
vicomte de bragelonne 2609 <unk> 3 <unk> 4 ten years later 2681 1660–1661 3 <unk> 5 louise de la valliere <unk> <unk> 3 <unk> 6 the man in the iron mask <unk> <unk> 3 <unk> aramis , “ through an infamous act of treason . ” , no , ” said caderousse . and stood before the procureur , whose hands she wrung in her feeble grasp . , you see , to have been brought up somewhere . ” , ” suggested comminges , who was near a window , out of which he could see ; “ hold , the moment is a happy one , for there he is now , giving his blessing in the square of the palais royal . ” at home	186.35670471191406
? ” gratify villefort ’ s ambition . fere lodges in the rue guenegaud , hotel du grand roi charlemagne . ” brain was still so feeble that he could not bend his thoughts to anything in particular . winter , baron sheffield . ” , my son , ” said the major ; and the two men embraced each other after the fashion of actors on the stage ; that is to say , each rested his head on the other ’ s shoulder . to say , “ it is of no <unk> ” then , hoping doubtless to effect his purpose , he said , — “ the prince and my daughter were universally admired yesterday . discouraged . always at hand , who does	144.93418884277344
not leave me a moment ’ s repose ; who talks to me about spain , who talks to me about austria , who talks to me about england ! master , or have i ceased to be your slave ? ” lord , ” whispered athos , and he said something in a low voice . at the usual hour , the two young peasants were on the borders of the forest . athos , “ swear on this cross , which , in spite of its magnificent material , is still a cross ; swear to be united in spite of everything , and forever , and may this oath bind us to each other , and even , also , our descendants ! dead .	127.57644653320312
” said the major , who , seeing the object of his journey frustrated by the absence of the papers , feared also that his forgetfulness might give rise to some difficulty concerning the 48,000 <unk> “ ah , indeed , that is a fortunate circumstance ; yes , that really is lucky , for it never occurred to me to bring them . ” my lord ? ” inquired aramis . valentine ; but how shall i ascertain ? ” ” holy things , my friend . ” agent , led on by an invisible and offended deity , who chose not to withhold the fatal blow that i was destined to <unk> . , ” replied the abbé ; “ his right name was noirtier de	123.2979507446289
villefort . ” , i must have some pledge from you which will prove that you think of me ; and that you may not forget me , take this ! ” and she slipped a ring from her finger onto d ’ artagnan ’ s . such a desperate proof in figures ? ’ s opinion , ” said porthos . ’ s position the diamond certainly was of great value . write . ” nor had they made any attempt to <unk> him ; this seemed a good augury . the pistols . london ? ” asked athos . t know him , ” said the countess ; “ i have a great mind to return it . ” obtained payment of certain sums due to	82.96484375
his wife , one hundred thousand francs for his eldest son and twenty-five thousand for each of the three others . , he was there , ” replied planchet . be , ” said morrel . not willingly ; in appearance , not heart ; and that is exactly the snare the king ’ s enemies are preparing for the poor child . ” instinct ? ” said monte cristo . in his button-hole , but he kept the faded one in his hand ; and when he again met the calash , he raised it to his lips , an action which seemed greatly to amuse not only the fair lady who had thrown it , but her joyous companions also . and a ladder of rope	121.69483184814453
was let down from it . straight on to the island of <unk> . ” ’ artagnan . ” ’ s name ? ” marry me , ” replied the hostess , between two gasps . a whirlwind , at the same time two troops of horsemen , each composed of ten men , <unk> forth from each of the <unk> which encompassed the house and surrounded d ’ artagnan and planchet . emmanuel , when they were at the end of the place royale , “ put me down at my door , that my wife may not have a single moment of needless anxiety on my account or yours . ” is just arrived in paris , bringing the news of m. de saint-méran ’ s	72.3955307006836
death , which took place on the first stage after he left marseilles . in that . , ” said he , as if he had just quitted marseilles the previous evening , and had just returned from aix or toulon . creature will be my particular aversion , ” he muttered . francs ? ” inquired the notary . man who desired to speak with you from your friend ? ” he asked of franz . with passion , without even <unk> a look at the gold which sparkled on the table . that means . ” can you find a love like <unk> love which neither time , nor absence , nor despair can extinguish , a love which contents itself with a lost ribbon ,	126.48734283447266
a stray look , or a chance word ? he has been here since yesterday . ” only girded on his sword , wrapped himself in his cloak , and went straight to buckingham palace . ” continued m. de tréville , growing <unk> as he spoke , “ and his majesty was right ; for , upon my honor , it is true that the musketeers make but a miserable figure at court . the <unk> and the <unk> . ” this <unk> , and almost pleased at being wounded , for they were rude lessons which taught him with what eye he could view danger , and with what endurance he could bear suffering . and her long hair swept the ground . didn ’ t	136.46629333496094
you ? ” and he fell , rather than sat down , on one of the seats which surrounded the table . see it now as plainly as i saw it lying all crushed and crumpled in a corner of the arbor . ” question to you . ” sure of it , ” said morcerf . that his lips expanded into a smile . aside all rancor and talk pleasantly . ” if the result will be as agreeable as you describe , but the thing does not appear to me as <unk> as you say . ” friends a journey to the waters of forges ; they stopped on the road , but you continued yours . men can do much , assure yourself , madame	107.26460266113281
; and those of whom i speak performed great things at one time . ” had , possibly , for ages permitted a free entrance to the brilliant moonbeams that now illumined the vast pile , grew a quantity of creeping plants , whose delicate green branches stood out in bold relief against the clear azure of the firmament , while large masses of thick , strong <unk> shoots forced their way through the <unk> , and hung floating to and fro , like so many waving strings . world , then , one man who , having the power to ask , <unk> ! ” ? way through the intricate windings and narrow alleys of the city and ere long they had reached the house in question	357.3717346191406
. in which , from an excellent intention , no doubt , dantès ’ <unk> services were exaggerated , and he was made out one of the most active agents of napoleon ’ s return . in each other ’ s arms . where is this house that i purchase ? ” asked the count carelessly , addressing himself half to bertuccio , half to the notary . my lord ? aramis , “ we have promised . ” athos to himself , “ is it indeed possible that i hear what i hear and that i see what i see ? charles , sadly , “ i have but <unk> of twenty years , who has never forgotten me , and two of a week ’ s	81.30904388427734
standing , whom i shall never forget . represents everything to you in the wrong light . ” me , will you not , morrel ? ” said the count , to turn the conversation . , i guess your wishes , and that is all that ’ s necessary , ” said madeleine . , ” he said , “ and obtain some pious grant from him . ” dantès , “ it was a hundred and forty francs i owed caderousse . ” walk , reviewed in his mind all the accusations against the favorite of james i. and charles i. , furnished by two years of <unk> meditation and a long sojourn among the puritans . you my lieutenant-general , ” said the king .	105.83552551269531
behind him , set off at full gallop , followed by d ’ artagnan , who began to think he was in the merry maze of some fantastic dream . a turn in the garden to recover myself . ” used to say to the late king , ‘ only to show you the way , <unk> ’ ” and aramis ascended the ladder quickly and reached the window in an instant . . alighting from his _coupé_ , joined him ; beauchamp did the same . the sound of the door , and continued his calculations until the flash of the torches lighted up with an <unk> glare the sombre walls of his cell ; then , raising his head , he perceived with astonishment the number	127.70840454101562
of persons present . ’ artagnan appeared at the door , followed by the inseparable porthos . will only be put in the bastile ; if we are arrested it is a matter of the place de <unk> . ” ask you if you had heard any news of them ? ” and the little troop advanced at charging pace . reflections of d ’ artagnan and mme . , with an expression of sorrow and gratitude mingled , and retired in order to saddle his horse . later he was at greenwich . executioner of lille , and this is my history . ” villefort , “ was it you who bought m. de saint-méran ’ s house ! ” each other and sincere . ” .	78.25244140625
said d ’ artagnan ; “ they began the day he was sold . ” touched his shoulder . athos , “ woe to de winter , for the child had done no harm . ” live at the expense of these daughters of heaven ; we are the poor , <unk> by god . ” porthos , “ i expected some gentlemen of the neighborhood , who have just sent me word they could not come . , the duke ’ s dinner guest by <unk> eternal keeper , the shadow of his person ; but la <unk> , frank , <unk> , fond of play , a great hand at tennis , had one defect in the duke ’ s <unk> <unk> . spurs to his	78.77958679199219
horse , set off to the tent of lord leven . and he made a step toward the queen ’ s apartment with that pale and mute indignation which , when it broke out , led this prince to the commission of the most pitiless cruelty . . my orders ; excuse me . again into england for the purpose of conspiring against my life . ” said he ; “ assemble the servants who remain there . <unk> large dark room situated opposite the kitchen . those in which the count of monte cristo had interfered , caused a great sensation in paris . in their hands , but , warned in time , i withdrew it a month ago . ” you ? ” cocles .	133.6005096435547
with us ? ” he asked of groslow . had assisted , as at a spectacle , in this fortunate but wild undertaking of the four <unk> undertaking of which they were far from suspecting the real motive . ? ” said the prisoners ; — “ anyone can see he ’ s a gentleman ! ” s horses , _pardieu_ . for blois . it seems for you , my young friend . french academy . ” to you . ” than that consideration , my dear d ’ artagnan , to persuade myself to adopt the role of jailer . of soup into it , together with the <unk> thrice a week the prisoners were deprived of meat . formally announced that the queen would receive	141.43946838378906
it . being exempt from all this ! ” torn to pieces , ” said d ’ artagnan , who fancied he read in it his sentence of death . to do ? ” asked aramis . i left him ? perhaps , have been overcome by such an intoxicating draught of praise ; but he feared to make for himself a mortal enemy of the police minister , although he saw that dandré was irrevocably lost . to an end , tréville , will come to an end . said villefort , “ to have such duties to perform at your age after such a blow ! ” say that the gentleman was right ; that he intended to be civil , in his way , and	100.1063003540039
that they would set the example of liberty of conscience , —and the mob retired . board , and had the sailors possessed the right of selecting a captain themselves , i feel convinced their choice would have fallen on me . father , ” replied edmond , smiling at his father ’ s astonishment at the excessive honor paid to his son . heaven , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that i shall embrace him , since he ’ s upon our road ; and if he is so unfortunate as to lose our dear athos , from that very day he becomes my son . ” chapter how madame danglars went formally to announce to madame de villefort the approaching marriage of eugénie danglars	130.02371215820312
and m. andrea cavalcanti . brought all this about , ” pursued the lady . is dreadful ! who , unable to conceive that any harm was intended to her , smiled in the face of those who were soon to become her executioners . that between this man and his inferiors spoken language did not exist , or had become useless . ” said the doctor , with the <unk> usual in persons of his profession ; “ he is a churchman . he had grasped the hand of valentine , and unable to weep <unk> his agony in groans as he bit the sheets . ” said d ’ artagnan , throwing himself down by the dying man , “ i swear to you that the	127.8105697631836
wine was poisoned and that i was going to drink of it as you did . ” . ” ” said planchet , “ i saw one fall at each of his two shots , and he appeared to me , through the glass door , to be fighting with his sword with the others . ” the hill of saint <unk> . finishing mass whilst d ’ artagnan was looking at bazin ; he pronounced the words of the holy <unk> and retired , giving the benediction , which was received by the kneeling <unk> , to the astonishment of d ’ artagnan , who recognized in the priest the <unk> himself , the famous jean <unk> gondy , who at that time , having a presentiment	83.82269287109375
of the part he was to play , was beginning to court popularity by <unk> . the same instant the voices of his father and the chevalier d ’ herblay ; two officers in the parisian forces rushed at that instant on raoul , but aramis protected him with his sword . ” said albert , advancing to meet him , “ permit me to repeat the poor thanks i offered last night , and to assure you that the remembrance of all i owe to you will never be effaced from my memory ; believe me , as long as i live , i shall never cease to dwell with grateful recollection on the prompt and important service you rendered me ; and also to remember that	156.1190185546875
to you i am indebted even for my life . ” of the mother ? ” said the count . years that he had lived in the strictest intimacy with his companions , porthos and aramis , they could remember having often seen him smile , but had never heard him laugh . report of the gownsmen to be placed in comparison with the word of honor of a swordsman ? ” replied tréville haughtily . half real , half fanciful . you did not cut your serpent in two morsels ? ” little letter the heart of d ’ artagnan bounded , for he believed he recognized the handwriting , and although he had seen that writing but once , the memory of it remained at the	134.74160766601562
bottom of his heart . front of a box immediately opposite , but situated on the third row , was a woman of exquisite beauty , dressed in a greek costume , which evidently , from the ease and grace with which she wore it , was her national attire . and talk of our companions . ” recover your position , sir , without touching those three million ? ” to do ? ” thought villefort , whose position demanded much reserve , but who was longing to know what his father ’ s intentions were . heart ; that other was absent , had disappeared , perhaps was dead . said the cardinal , placing his hand upon a bundle of papers , “ i have	132.91285705566406
here a whole pile which concerns you . word when a heavy blow shook the scaffold and where athos stood immovable a warm drop fell upon his brow . followed through astonishment , then with <unk> shouts , then the porters had insulted him , then children had thrown stones at him , and finally he was obliged to run , to escape the <unk> . him ? went out , while planchet was sent to inquire if there were not three horses for sale in the neighborhood . crimes of this <unk> crimes , european crimes , if so we may <unk> the private and unknown crimes with which milady had charged him , felton found that the more culpable of the two men which formed the	229.5731201171875
character of buckingham was the one of whom the public knew not the life . something to pour the soup into ; dantès ’ entire dinner service consisted of one <unk> was no alternative . it intentionally , and not doing it intentionally , i said ‘ excuse me. ’ it appears to me that this is quite enough . ” his feet and chatting about the last races at chantilly , he waited until they announced his room to be ready . pride of danglars , but this evening he took no notice of them . said , ” cried the king , who had heard all these compliments through the open door ; “ only tell him , tréville , since he wishes to be considered	208.73985290527344
your friend , that i also wish to be one of his , but he <unk> me ; that it is nearly three years since i have seen him , and that i never do see him unless i send for him . was manifested by a bright color which seldom appeared on the face of that imperturbable man . letter in the post , which is never safe , i took advantage of the journey of one of my lads to paris , and ordered him to convey the letter to this duchess himself . door , leading to the gallery , ready to rush out ; but he was stopped short , and he stood with his body a little thrown back , pale , and	99.1184310913086
with the useless knife in his clenched hand . to receive him ; but villefort was a man of ability , and he knew this would be a sign of weakness . and he likewise recollected that during the past half hour the poor woman had passed close to him , without doubt carried away by the same power that had caused her disappearance . the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate . married you , but little respected . valentine , “ he is too much the friend of madame de villefort ever to be mine . ” each other for a <unk> one with a smile of <unk> on his lips , the other with the pallor of death on his brow .	121.2754898071289
? ” asked the queen . showed by its expression that he was not deceived by the false assent given by madame de villefort ’ s words and manner to the motives which she supposed him to entertain . young girl beheld the head of medusa . my dear sister , ” replied he , “ what makes you come to england ? ” fellow of the one i had on the road to amiens . ” to convey the prisoner from one carriage to the other , the people , catching sight of him whom they called their liberator , uttered every imaginable cry and knotted themselves once more around the vehicle . much . ” mysterious affair , ” said villefort , “ and the <unk>	97.34597778320312
have hitherto escaped detection , although suspicion has fallen on the head of more than one person . ” from the other side of the <unk> door , and the door reopened . frowning , but an idea that he should find something in this letter about d ’ artagnan conquered his unwillingness to read it . athos , with a singular smile . ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ that i can see upon this pier neither inspector nor sentinel nor <unk> . ” business is concluded , i will have a pair of my own horses harnessed to convey it direct to madame danglars . ” . ” declare itself more prematurely , and yet it was not owing to any fault in his bringing	119.47489929199219
up . leave me so soon ? ” called me his friend ! ” my dear monsieur bonacieux , my friends and i have been on a little journey . ” s a description you want ? ” , i am very miserable , and if you love me it must be out of pity . ” ready for everything , ” replied the queen , and she took from her bureau a document , which she filled up and signed . sailors say ? he , in a subdued voice , “ and find rochefort . you command me , mercédès , i must die . ” ” sir , ” he continued . , <unk> , quite short . ” ” said lord winter . ”	58.51714324951172
said felton ; “ i understand how he would act . one , too , ” replied albert with gratified pride . suppose mine had had the <unk> or the <unk> ? ” said to the lieutenant . who <unk> ; she has a clear and penetrating judgment , and does not smile on the proposed union . ” replied aramis , “ i should much prefer blaisois ; we haven ’ t known him so long . ” artagnan perceived that the best way in which he could act would be to go home and write milady a long letter , in which he would confess to her that he and de wardes were , up to the present moment absolutely the same , and that consequently	134.11842346191406
he could not undertake , without committing suicide , to kill the comte de wardes . of the doors which opened into the queen ’ s apartment appeared the pretty mme . monsieur chevalier ; it <unk> with my mistress ’ s by that door . again to give us any information ? ” inquired the countess . , to send me 500,000 francs tomorrow . to be a furious mazarinist . ” monte cristo , “ is less correct than your philosophy , —it is only faith . ” be here ; will you invite young m. cavalcanti ? ” aramis , but i thought you carried your eyes higher . ” judge by the light of the sun , the day was already two-thirds gone .	97.99800109863281
or heard . narrow ; a stretch of smooth turf extended down the middle , and at the corners were clumps of trees with thick and massy foliage , that made a background for the shrubs and flowers . , like athos , whose calmness is entirely laudable . the young man , “ do you not come from paris , if you please ? ” ” valentine groaned . had thrown himself from the boat into the river and was swimming vigorously toward the person who was drowning ; but being obliged to go against the current he advanced but slowly . in a chair . ” inquired the abbé . ” seized upon all those follies in which i took no part , as you well	157.3209686279297
know , my lord . had made rough work of it ; one man was killed on the spot , and two others were severely wounded . deceived , supposing this man has not been unhappy enough to merit happiness . it ? ” asked a dragoon , with his saber run through a goose which he was taking to be cooked . help . the head of d ’ artagnan , and at that moment he would have drawn his sword against all the musketeers in the kingdom as willingly as he now did against athos , porthos , and aramis . to all the nobility . ” the letter , ” said bernouin , passing back into the ante-chamber . ’ s , ” replied kitty	102.06013488769531
, all in a tremble . , but albert knew that he seldom lost a scene at the opera . literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state ’ s laws . she said , “ to my lord duke of buckingham , london . ” knotted rope and a poire d ’ <unk> ” * nearly <unk> , and i am sure it is not that which gives you the most pain . ” death ! ” said she , lowering her voice and her eyelids , “ oh , death , rather than shame ! ” said milady ; “ go into your own room , and tomorrow endeavor again to get me an answer to	174.59031677246094
the letter i gave you . ” , making a sign to felton , who followed him , shutting the door after him . , had been seen in paris , and it was expected that he would <unk> to claim the illustrious outcast . your excellency has been to monte cristo ? ” all these matters . she , “ it is madame danglars and her daughter , who have come to call on us . <unk> ’ <unk> , and all the other signs which indicate the age of wine more truly than do wrinkles on a man ’ s face . before , but subdued by these words , snapped the serpent blade between his hands , and then folding his arms , stood trembling	90.6517105102539
with rage . turkey , and had begun her war of independence ; all eyes were turned towards <unk> was the fashion to pity and support the greeks . of st. augustine , upon which we could not agree , ” said the gascon . . ” aroused by this unusual disturbance , cautiously opened the door of his room ; and blaisois , looking reproachfully at the cerberus , drew the letter from his pocket and presented it to aramis . just remark , ” replied the stranger , “ i ever heard made concerning myself . ” the old chateau the first person seen by our ambassador was maitre bernouin in person , who , standing on the threshold , awaited news of his vanished master	180.9499969482422
. t be alarmed if i return at one , two or three o ’ clock in the morning ; indeed , do not be alarmed if i do not come at all . ” cristo ? ” cried morrel , throwing away his cigar and hastening to the carriage ; “ i should think we would see him . charge me to purchase this house . lieutenant , their captain since the night before . down ; near them were saddles and bridles . just gone out . ” off , and quickly . at liberty these two or three days . , and even the colors of the horses and uniforms were now clearly distinct . m. de morcerf . ” my lord ? ” answered	69.86433410644531
la ramee . out ? if a trifle like that could suffice me , i should never have given myself the trouble of opening an account . ” are wrong . hearts palpitated ; for it did , indeed , seem to be a ring which was placed there . against . stable ; he found the five horses saddled , his own amongst the rest . , your brother , your <unk> mistress above all . ” deprive you of those three millions , ” said danglars ; “ but do not fear it . is impossible , ” said mercédès , replying at the same time to what albert said as well as to her own private reflection . us , who are your children ,	113.18746185302734
against the will of my father ? ” ” she , with an accent of disdain in unison with that which she had remarked in the voice of the young officer , “ i , sir ? diamond , ” said caderousse . cried d ’ artagnan , whose impatience was increased by the <unk> of the authorities , “ athos , where is he ? ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ behold the sad spectacle that awaits us . little friend , ” cried the count eagerly ; “ some of those <unk> are not only dangerous to taste , but even to inhale . ” <unk> , ” said albert . , he fixed his eyes upon the gloomy prison . ” said planchet ,	52.205684661865234
“ and i will go as soon as you please . air possible , and conversed with more than her usual brilliancy . mme . baroness that a man of such <unk> pleasing manners should entertain evil designs against her ; besides , the most corrupt minds only suspect evil when it would answer some interested <unk> injury is repugnant to every mind . , it must be owned , than if the new-comer had proved to be a customs officer ; but this supposition also disappeared like the first , when he beheld the perfect tranquillity of his recruit . poison he fell a victim to was intended for him ? ” you are ! ” exclaimed danglars , calling to his assistance all his philosophy and	276.2812805175781
dissimulation . firmly impressed on the mind as the memory of our early childhood , and with the exception of the two scenes i have just described to you , all my earliest reminiscences are <unk> with deepest sadness . ” chinks of the shutters ; no noise gave reason to believe that it was inhabited . discover the names of the others , my master is lost . ” ready to set sail , upon the deck of which they recognized mordaunt walking up and down impatiently . ” bertuccio , without answering , pointed to villefort with something of the gesture macbeth uses to point out <unk> . the boat , and as he was going to set foot in it himself , athos handed him	185.76112365722656
a sum of silver . the carriage approached the palace ; their excellencies stretched their legs along the seats ; the _cicerone_ sprang into the seat behind . impulse , franz withdrew as much as possible behind his pillar . ? ” said the jailer . in a humor for it ; and i would hold out before an army if we had taken the precaution to bring a dozen more bottles of wine . ” ? ” path is traced by tears . ” he said , “ after today , you will come and live with me ; you can occupy haydée ’ s apartment , and my daughter will at least be replaced by my son . ” will assist us . ” , sir	125.95895385742188
, that her majesty has forgotten it amid the <unk> and the courtiers of the palais royal , but i who have passed those years in the <unk> ” . ” he had received . twenty years after then , ere the host could oppose his design , grimaud seized a pair of pincers he perceived in a corner and forced the bolt . , ” said caderousse ; “ you have saved my life once , save me again ! ” glance all the painful feelings she inspired in felton by dwelling on every detail of her recital ; but she would not spare him a single pang . , and five or six other choice spirits , whom you do not know , even by name	140.3267364501953
. of those cowards who dared not kill her themselves ? the count deliberately ; “ go , dear friend , but promise me if you meet with any obstacle to remember that i have some power in this world , that i am happy to use that power in the behalf of those i love , and that i love you , morrel . ” you say to that ? ” , four men who have faced armies without <unk> , begin to tremble at the mention of a child ? ” i am acquainted with all the details of the adventure at amiens ; that i will have a little romance made of it , <unk> turned , with a plan of the garden and portraits	117.29373168945312
of the principal actors in that nocturnal romance . ” and you must take him as you find him . ” . beseech you , what ails you ? ” cried dantès , letting his chisel fall to the floor . to me ? ” replied monte cristo , shrugging his shoulders ; “ do i know those people ? d ’ artagnan , who could not believe what the hostess and bazin had successively told him ; and he gazed , half stupefied , upon the three persons before him . morning gown , but it became her still ; for , like diana of <unk> and <unk> , anne of austria enjoyed the privilege of remaining ever beautiful ; nevertheless , this morning she looked handsomer	119.95944213867188
than usual , for her eyes had all the sparkle inward satisfaction adds to expression . 1 to $ 5,000 ) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the irs . be ? <unk> italian , who though he very likely dreams of crime , dares not commit it ; and unlike cromwell , who disposes of both houses , mazarin has had the queen to support him in his struggle with the parliament . ” mazarin . artagnan read and <unk> his billet . danglars thoughtfully , “ how is it that your patron , m. de monte cristo , did not make his proposal for you ? ” in prison , monsieur du vallon and myself , because we could not believe that he	239.2367706298828
had sent us to england to quietly look on while they cut off the head of charles i. , brother-in-law of the late king , your husband , the <unk> of madame henrietta , your sister and your guest , and because we did all that we could do to save the life of the royal martyr . . ” ejaculated porthos . his dream . morcerf , “ a baron of a new creation . ” ” said felton , touching the bag of money with his foot . you can imagine for desiring to know who he is , from whence he came , and whither he is going . ” of joy and turning to mordaunt : will there be a pie ? ” ”	111.48229217529297
murmured milady in english . ” said he ; “ it is five minutes past seven , and the appointment was for eight o ’ clock . ” ’ avrigny with astonishment , kissed her grandfather on the forehead , and left the room . , through negligence , i should be fined . ” said aramis , with a look of imbecility on his face which d ’ artagnan had never observed whilst he was in the musketeers , “ if i did not come from heaven , at least i was leaving paradise , which is almost the same . ” at her , though she did her best to faint . to see shall see . ” , immensely rich , all-powerful in a kingdom	68.5820083618164
which he disordered at his fancy and calmed again at his caprice , george villiers , duke of buckingham , had lived one of those fabulous existences which survive , in the course of centuries , to astonish posterity . , ” she murmured , and waited , in the assurance that this was but a dream , for the man to disappear or assume some other form . help any <unk> one was occupied with his self-preservation . on your answer . monsieur ? ” d ’ artagnan remained perfectly calm , and instead of being angry he laughed , and said to porthos : , m. zaccone . ” beauchamp , “ we shall see our friend ! ” ! ” cried d ’ artagnan ,	125.26690673828125
“ my letter of recommendation ! the queen , “ a few years ago i had around me <unk> , treasures , armies ; and by the lifting of a finger all these were <unk> in my service . that inn as he had left the hôtel des princes , without being noticed , walked down the faubourg <unk> , along the boulevard to rue <unk> , and stopping at the door of the third house on the left looked for someone of whom to make inquiry in the porter ’ s absence . she , “ the sum you required me to borrow was rather large . ” ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i am precisely of the contrary opinion . ” gendarme settled the	100.80272674560547
matter , for a crowd of curious <unk> was extended before him , effectually <unk> the entrance to the hotel . monte cristo . , that night you loved me , i will swear it . ” , ” asked anne of austria , “ yield to the storm , buy peace , and patiently and piously await better times ? ” give it away or re-use it under the terms of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org . englishman fold up and place in his pocket the accusation written by danglars under the arbor of la réserve , and which had the postmark , “ marseilles , 27th february , delivery 6 o ’ clock , <unk> . ” , this	176.1559295654297
response was but momentary . ” thanks for your politeness , ” said the young man , retreating . me that benedetto , who is considered a serpent of subtlety and a giant of cunning , is really but a very commonplace , silly rascal , and altogether unworthy of the experiments that will be made on his <unk> organs after his death . ” the duke . madame de villefort , monte cristo scrutinized the features and appearance of the boy she kept folded in her arms , <unk> on him the most tender endearments . before all who are here . ” letter , monseigneur . ” motionless as one of the stone decorations of the building , then after a long sigh of disappointment the	143.262451171875
head disappeared . and beard had not been cut all the time he was at the château d ’ if . ” replied château-renaud . of your birth . four men , armed to the teeth , entered by side doors , and rushed upon athos . the contents of the letter from the island of elba , in which he was recommended to the club as a man who would be likely to advance the interests of their party . was a monster . , debray , ” returned beauchamp , laughing , “ for here is château-renaud , who , to cure you of your mania for paradoxes , will pass the sword of <unk> de <unk> , his ancestor , through your body . ”	82.5090560913086
monte cristo took bertuccio into his study , wrote the letter we have seen , and gave it to the steward . he leave your hôtel ? ” the people about ali , who instantly opened the <unk> . ’ he read , in the same tone with which he would have read a newspaper , ‘ that today , the 23rd of february , will be executed andrea rondolo , guilty of murder on the person of the respected and <unk> don césar torlini , canon of the church of st. john lateran , and peppino , called rocca priori , convicted of complicity with the detestable bandit luigi vampa , and the men of his band . ’ ? ” exclaimed the count . book was	180.57626342773438
brought to her by the prince de marsillac . the good day ’ s work he had done , returned to the yard . and the boat came to rest . ” then , on your honor , if i am not consoled , you will let me take my life into my own hands , and whatever may happen you will not call me ungrateful ? ” already done us more honor than simple gentlemen could ever aspire to , therefore gratitude is on our side . caderousse , “ when you have access to countless <unk> . ” ’ clock , i shall have the order for your exile , signed , <unk> . , and thus it can not be divided . ” said franz	87.60298156738281
, “ i have a very great inclination to judge for myself of the truth or exaggeration of your eulogies . ” dangerous enemies , athos . gentleman , for whom he believed himself to be engaged , had won <unk> was the name of the picard . for some sacred object by which she could swear , and taking out of a cupboard hidden in the tapestry , a small coffer of rosewood set in silver , and laying it on the altar : matters , but as i shall have the honor of introducing you to the count , i tell you this to prevent you making any <unk> to this picture . and stopped at the steps , followed by the horsemen . cry of	113.56449127197266
one who is being murdered , ” murmured the host . the count could not see albert , that he sent for his servant , who he knew was authorized not to conceal anything from him . come so late today ? mother to look at it when m. de saint-méran <unk> it for sale two or three years ago . ” ” ! i was educated at rome by a poor devil of an abbé , who disappeared suddenly . ” said monte cristo ; “ but i preferred having an entrance which would allow me to see the bois de boulogne over my gate . ” all this out of leghorn free of duties , and land it on the shores of corsica , where certain	109.71807861328125
speculators undertook to forward the cargo to france . he did not reply , repeated his question . ; you see them whenever god pleases to allow them to assume a material form . , natural circumstance and yet it created a profound sensation . countess had lost both her proud glance and charming smile , because she saw nothing but misery around her ; the walls were hung with one of the gray papers which economical <unk> choose as not likely to show the <unk> ; the floor was <unk> ; the furniture attracted the attention to the poor attempt at luxury ; indeed , everything offended eyes accustomed to refinement and elegance . on , a cavalier in full gallop was seen approaching . them eighty	326.72747802734375
trusses , making in all four hundred and thirty . presence was likely to afford me delightful company ; yet i expect , in all probability , to quit the convent at any moment . ” around , and thus obliged us to conceal ourselves . to discover duprez at naples , and the first to applaud him . the count to him at length , “ do you repent having followed me ? ” would have been created by every fertile imagination if le sage had not acquired the priority in his great <unk> have enjoyed a singular spectacle , if he had lifted up the roof of the little house in the rue saint-germain-des-prés , while debray was casting up his figures . let there be	196.258056640625
no more question of what ’ s past , and let aramis resume the letter from his cousin where the cardinal interrupted him . ” about it yet , madame , ” answered d ’ artagnan , with that gascon effrontery which had in him the appearance of <unk> ; “ but if we four had resolved upon it we should do it most certainly . ” ’ clock . for him , —he will suffer less , ” said the inspector . you love maximilian . ” she arose and welcomed him with a smile peculiar to herself , expressive at once of the most implicit obedience and also of the deepest love . a blind or a deaf man . ” . ” a steward rob	116.14965057373047
his master ? ” by the window , in order to be there the sooner , ” cried d ’ artagnan . franz , “ i suppose you will allow that such men as vampa and his band are regular villains , who have no other motive than plunder when they seize your person . done with your ecclesiastics ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . mind , then , for the least awkward means of retreat , when he remarked that aramis had let his handkerchief fall , and by mistake , no doubt , had placed his foot upon it . than once related to his friends his adventure with the stranger , as well as the apparition of the beautiful foreigner , to whom this	102.15829467773438
man had confided some important <unk> . on ? ” asked franz of the count ; “ or should we pause ? ” ? ” he said , in a low voice . then . noirtier . said , “ you have me in a snare , gentlemen . with their heads together and their ears on the alert . the gascon , trying in vain , too late , to retract the thrust . but her heart beat with joy and secret hope shone in her eyes . habitation , ” said beauchamp , looking towards the mausoleum ; “ a summer and winter palace . gentlemen . ” m. beauchamp , “ albert was wrong , i acknowledge , to betray so much anger , and	85.4341812133789
i come , on my own account , to apologize for him . he stooped and raised the stone easily in spite of its weight ; then , fitting it into its place , he said : ” resumed d ’ artagnan , “ that you suspect that impertinent gentleman ? ” two wings extended the park . grimaud near every prince ? ” not reply . a signal , and , as if only awaiting this signal , the yacht instantly put out to sea . , ” he said with a smile ; “ we leave paris tomorrow . ” circumstance , and suspecting that something was going on in france of which it was necessary he should be informed , he only took the time	107.31146240234375
to inquire where the messenger was , and recognizing from afar the uniform of the guards , he put his horse into a gallop , and rode straight up to d ’ artagnan . that this property now belongs to some one who bears his name . no . wall , but he could not render himself invisible ; and the man in the cloak said to him , giving him his lantern : ” continued madame de saint-méran , “ we went out together in the carriage after dinner . , and god , doubtless in anger , turns away his face , it is for the physician to bring the culprit to justice . ” to lose , for a second lost will perhaps save them	120.29620361328125
. news of them this evening , to-morrow we must start . ” for morrel ; but while they were watching the departure of the count , morrel had quitted his post , and château-renaud , failing in his search , joined debray and beauchamp . ” said he to porthos . , stretched out his arm so that the weapon almost touched milady ’ s forehead , and then , in a voice the more terrible from having the supreme calmness of a fixed resolution , “ madame , ” said he , “ you will this instant deliver to me the paper the cardinal signed ; or upon my soul , i will blow your brains out . ” anxiety to know what had become of	113.22379302978516
edmond . ” was direct and severe . master , and since his condemnation had not ceased to weep . the king and the other four your prisoners . buckingham because he twice refused you yourself to appoint me captain ; i have punished him for his injustice , that is all . ” , and i will content myself with the rest , if they will only give me my liberty . ” genius of both of us . his eyes fixed upon the glass which athos held in his hand , he ground the paper well between his teeth and then swallowed it . . my poor felton . in much disorder ; i am not much of a hand at figures , so that i	138.6147918701172
live almost from hand to mouth . ” orders , for as he reached the bottom step his carriage came from the coach-house ready for him . sir , ” said monte cristo with his dreadful calmness ; “ a secondary cause , but not the principal . ” and entered . me is that he did not strike me dead at once . ” returned he , with a negligence evidently unaffected , for he could not imagine with what intention the question was put . woman is rich and the lover is not , that which he can not offer she offers to herself ; and although it is generally with her husband ’ s money that she procures herself this indulgence , the gratitude for	141.56307983398438
it seldom <unk> to him . to her handsome soldier . <unk> only thing i specify is one of those pies ; and tell the confectioner that i will promise him my custom if he <unk> this time in his <unk> only now , but when i leave my prison . ” murmured julie . have any ; silence is the last joy of the unhappy . a member of the academy of sciences for this ? ” won he was insolent and ostentatious ; if he lost , he disappeared completely for several days , after which he reappeared with a pale face and <unk> person , but with money in his purse . exclaimed dantès , “ what is the matter ? ; it was a	134.5446319580078
new face . will find at the door on going out , will serve you as escort . the crowd and fancied that every one was occupied with the same thought that tormented them . d ’ artagnan , “ we can ’ t be overtaken . him . , ” said athos , “ and knowing there was a lady who had arrived at the cabaret this evening , they wanted to force her door . ” , if ever i should get such a chance , the living should be my theme . ” ? ” ” said he , “ magnificent ! ” society ; i live alone ; i am sick of <unk> mind preys on itself . ” ‘ what do i care	92.37109375
if i am ? ’ ” ” ’ s reason , monsieur blaisois , ” said mousqueton in his most <unk> manner . , ” returned aramis , “ i haven ’ t seen her ; she is much changed . ” . ! well as you can , my good man ; it does not concern me , the more so as i have not a <unk> left . ” , ” said the king , who enjoyed the embarrassment to its full extent , but without guessing the cause . shall be . ” , and as it was drawn by two excellent horses , they were soon at the place royale . of returning consciousness . since we have had a skirmish with the guards	72.34490203857422
of monsieur the cardinal ; monsieur de tréville must think us dead . ” speak , when andrea continued , in a low voice : on board a vessel at the moment he was leaving england , he suspected that it was , almost without a doubt , on account of the diamond studs . , discovered a mine in thessaly , and comes to paris to establish a mineral <unk> at auteuil . ” may be remembered , a most temperate guest . chapter xxxiii . which you have said is too clear to require any explanation , ” replied d ’ artagnan , in a low voice , “ i beg you to follow me . ” the whole party , with vociferous <unk> . has	97.61571502685547
no connection whatever with the present occasion . you when you have satisfied me of your right to question me . from his pocket , took a havana , quietly lit it , and began smoking . head and arms fell ; her legs bent under her , and she fell on her knees . madame la <unk> <unk> arrived . that point ? ” . life belong to you , like my love . ” the word and the <unk> are called ‘ frondeurs , ’ and yesterday every article sold was ‘ a la fronde ; ’ bread ‘ a la fronde , ’ hats ‘ a la fronde , ’ to say nothing of gloves , <unk> , and fans ; but <unk> ” madame	201.89761352539062
. ” me that , madame , ” coldly replied gondy , “ that your majesty admitted me to the honor of entering your presence ? ” had concentrated his forces between <unk> and la <unk> ; and after a <unk> along the entire line , in company with marshal de grammont , he had returned and seated himself before a table , with his officers around him . withdraw from the partially open door ; and twice or three times he even saw the shadow of a person intercept the light . hair , which she also cut off , without expressing the least regret ; on the contrary , her eyes sparkled with greater pleasure than usual under her ebony eyebrows . before being happy ?	170.10946655273438
” asked villefort . ! ” said the cardinal . objection to this proposition ; on the contrary , they thought it very timely . dear athos , ” said he , “ do me the kindness to tell me where we are going ? ” i reserve eighty francs for myself ? ; and who is this friend ? aramis , “ that is the nephew , the monk , and the son of milady , as he says himself . ” such as <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , hung against the wall ; this was all the furniture . , and pushed d ’ artagnan aside with his hand . the epaulet of sub-lieutenant , and as the protection of the general , who is	54.16059494018555
in the highest favor , was accorded to him , he was a captain in <unk> , during the spanish <unk> is to say , at the time when danglars made his early speculations . the cardinal ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , pale with terror . the great cardinal ! ” active army , went to the frontier with his regiment , and was at the battle of <unk> . in groslow ’ s clothes . understand , sir , i will go no farther unless you tell me whither you are taking me . ” had not yet looked at milady , turned toward her . , ” said caderousse ; “ one would say you were already in possession of your property . ”	69.23971557617188
. and when he had watched it drive beneath the sombre arches he went and stationed himself under a wall over which the shadow was extended , and remained motionless , amidst the moldings of jean <unk> , like a <unk> , representing an equestrian statue . might be suspected that he must know too much to avow ; by confessing all he might prove his good will . his hand ; his countenance was calm , and his step firm , and he was dressed with great care in his military uniform , which was buttoned completely up to the chin . château-renaud , whose nobility goes back to the twelve peers , and whose ancestors had a place at the round table ; m. lucien debray	238.2034149169922
, private secretary to the minister of the interior ; m. beauchamp , an editor of a paper , and the terror of the french government , but of whom , in spite of his national celebrity , you perhaps have not heard in italy , since his paper is prohibited there ; and m. maximilian morrel , captain of spahis . ” now for the honor of france ! ” and the two englishmen who were nearest to them fell , mortally wounded . for our three companions in particular ; for being friends of m. de tréville , they obtained from him special permission to be absent after the closing of the camp . ” the first to enter , was the last to leave .	158.0913848876953
, are not a courtier . still vexed and grieved ? ” the old man ’ s eyes beamed with an expression of gentle affection . , “ how came planchet here ? ” when he was left “ stiff as a rush ” in london . longer , his temples throbbed violently , his eyes were growing dim ; he passed one leg over the wall , and in a moment leaped down on the other side . it is ; say no more about it . ” the cardinal will make . ” she said , “ i saw , but i can not believe ! ” enemy are within musket shot , we must fire upon them . . ” ” said villefort , “	113.28491973876953
do not prolong this dreadful scene . what has your eminence done with him ? ” ’ said my father to his palikares . then—— ” , my forgetful <unk> ! ” , asking bicarat what o ’ clock it could be , and offering him his compliments upon his brother ’ s having just obtained a company in the regiment of navarre ; but , jest as he might , he gained nothing . go as i am . stealthily to the door , which he closed , and , by way of still greater precaution , bolted and barred it , as he was accustomed to do at night . belong to him . which , it will be remembered , the abbé had made to	134.13613891601562
edmond , the misfortune would have been still greater , for their attempt to escape would have been detected , and they would undoubtedly have been separated . will see me die . like two brothers , and each wrapping himself in his cloak they soon passed into that kindly sleep of youth which is the <unk> of birds , flowers and infants . what you have in your hand , ’ said selim . both here , and can make your farewells in person . ” ” place , that bastille ! whom i offer you is a general syndic . ” athos , “ it is not the search of mazarin that i fear . ” thing before following your advice ; that is , a	128.36343383789062
minister who will hold office for six months . himself humiliated in having only procured one meal and a half for his <unk> the breakfast at the priest ’ s could only be counted as half a <unk> return for the feasts which athos , porthos , and aramis had procured him . noble family of <unk> , count . ” ” cried scarron , “ i should compromise you too much . ” for you , m. bertuccio , ” said he ; “ i am desirous of having an estate by the <unk> in <unk> instance , between le havre and boulogne . not only three friends , i had thirty ; at two-and-twenty one calls every man one ’ s friend . ” business .	137.22459411621094
” ” said monte cristo . his little hand and held it out to the musketeer ; the latter bent on his knee and kissed it . upon circumstances . deep thought , as if he were fighting with himself ; then , going to a large cupboard closed with a triple lock , he took from it a bag of silver , and <unk> it twice in his hands before he gave it to d ’ artagnan : appeared to answer his purpose . ” to pay with , brute ? ” said danglars , enraged . . today ; that letter is not yet gone . know upon what occasion ? ” inform him that it is his turn to sign , ” cried danglars to	94.10419464111328
one of the <unk> . then ? ” madame ? ” but don ’ t touch me . ” , and then stopped at a small <unk> surrounded with rocks , in which seats had been cut , not unlike <unk> . ” arrest . ” franz to him ; “ there is the beginning of an adventure . ” , he will not have enough to pay for his shroud ! ” said another . in observing that she excelled the young woman by far in her high air and aristocratic bearing . come , ” said he . a voice from the depths of the earth . to his family , ” said d ’ artagnan . fifty , sixty-five men , ” said porthos ,	58.14958953857422
counting the <unk> . followed the twenty mourning-coaches , and behind them more than five hundred persons joined in the procession on foot . should either have seen him or have heard him spoken of . ” found a better remedy for my grief than either a bullet or a knife . ” the pleasure of seeing you , my little fellow . ” any inn in the whole town where one can find white sheets , roast beef reasonably cooked , and wine which is not made of <unk> and <unk> ? ” ” said the abbé , taking up what he called his pen , and , after dipping it into the ink , he wrote on a piece of prepared linen , with his left	194.58985900878906
hand , the first two or three words of the accusation . the hall ; the sergeant called his two patrons with an energetic “ hem ! ” and the door-keeper appearing , called out with that shrill voice peculiar to his order , ever since the days of beaumarchais : murmured the journalist ; “ on the contrary—— ” at ease about his bill , placed pen , ink and paper upon the table . say all this before you took action , sir ? ” she said . ” said the cardinal . is the will of fate that we should be still for some time separated ; but the delightful days of youth are not lost beyond return . said d ’ artagnan . say	140.87387084960938
whether it was from terror created by the threats or from tenderness at seeing four friends so closely united . athos , “ he whom we send must possess in himself alone the four qualities united . ” so that i may assist you if there is any chance . ” aramis . passed on to the dining-room . two lovers were calmer , milady , who had not the same motives for forgetfulness that d ’ artagnan had , was the first to return to reality , and asked the young man if the means which were on the morrow to bring on the encounter between him and de wardes were already arranged in his mind . zeal he had accompanied the cart containing the <unk> as	176.37521362304688
far as the king ’ s window , and one of the <unk> fell on his leg and broke it . ” s _coupé_ ; and , as the young man had no reason to conceal where he was going , he called aloud , “ to the <unk> ” in his impatience he arrived before the beginning of the performance . for by porthos and by d ’ artagnan at last arrived . dear aramis , thought sometimes of those happy , happy , happy days of youth we passed laughing , drinking , and fighting each other for play ? ” for us ; come . ” literary archive foundation to send to albert the following particulars , as the events had transpired after the messenger	113.11640167236328
’ s departure ; namely , that the same day a great agitation was manifest in the house of peers among the usually calm members of that dignified assembly . his camp tin cup , filled it with wine and arose . the other end of the camp , but as it did not cover more than a surface of five hundred feet they quickly arrived at the tent they were looking for . ’ s roof , m. morrel can visit me in the presence of my good and worthy protector , if we still feel that the union we contemplated will be likely to insure our future comfort and happiness ; in that case i shall expect m. morrel to come and claim me at my	198.76246643066406
own hands . ” she said , with a smile so sad in its expression that one could almost detect the tears on her <unk> “ see , our french grapes are not to be compared , i know , with yours of sicily and <unk> , but you will make allowance for our northern <unk> ” the count bowed , but stepped back . at the head of all the available cavalry and infantry and took the road to vendin , leaving the duc de chatillon to await and bring on the rest . dantès , “ i see nothing but broken lines and unconnected words , which are rendered illegible by fire . ” enjoyment , and la ramee felt that the gayety of heart he	180.5292510986328
had regarded as the cause of health ( of which it was perhaps rather the result ) would not long survive such a mode of life . victims alarmed him ; he could not bear solitude shared only by two corpses . which recalled frightful remembrances , hung down her head with a suppressed groan . the little door was opened and a man entered . of the bonapartist faction ! ” many of our readers may be able to recollect how formidable such an accusation became in the period at which our story is dated . not breakfast at the parpaillot ? ” as d ’ artagnan was ; he turned a deaf ear , and contented himself with laughing , and between two <unk> finding time	250.46669006347656
to point to a spot of earth with his sword , “ here , ” cried he , parodying a verse of the bible , “ here will bicarat die ; for i only am left , and they seek my life . ” i am coming to it . ” have come to borrow money , ” thought d ’ artagnan . he . one hat on his head and the other in his hand ; and he and his companion resumed their walk toward the convent . rank of sergeant in the piedmont regiment . my uncle , has just told me that her majesty had received news of the army . ” but my messenger is like the stag you refer to , for he	108.27664947509766
has posted two hundred and twenty leagues in scarcely three days . ” it is not <unk> to which madame de villefort objects , it is marriage itself . ” entered . ” day in exhibiting his musketeer ’ s uniform in every street of the camp . a glance , that this woman was young and beautiful ; and her style of beauty struck him more forcibly from its being totally different from that of the southern countries in which d ’ artagnan had hitherto resided . de winter is an angel ; you know that she is , and i demand her liberty of you . ” ! ” ” said the man in the cloak , “ excuse me for saying that you seem to	111.30095672607422
me precisely in the mood to commit some wild or extravagant act . ” roast <unk> <unk> with corsican <unk> ; a <unk> ’ s ham with <unk> , a quarter of a kid with <unk> <unk> , a glorious <unk> , and a gigantic <unk> . then , and ask for me , not intelligence , but a trial ; not pardon , but a <unk> trial , sir , i ask only for a trial ; that , surely , can not be denied to one who is accused ! ” before one is over forty . in the morning they perceived amiens , and at half past eleven they were at the door of the cursed inn . ’ s name ? ” asked the	127.57261657714844
commissary . , her resentment will not hold out against such an attention . ” results of the painful struggle of civilization in its infancy , when man was learning to control mind , were it even by an emissary from the <unk> of darkness . . friend ! ” to come with them . gave for them make the animals less beautiful , ” inquired the count , shrugging his shoulders . then , ” said monte cristo , as he stepped out of the carriage . disappeared , he said with a smile , — “ ’ tis strange that it should be among such men that we find proofs of friendship and <unk> ” then he dragged himself cautiously to the top of a rock	117.08424377441406
, from which he had a full view of the sea , and thence he saw the tartan complete her preparations for sailing , weigh anchor , and , balancing herself as gracefully as a <unk> ere it takes to the wing , set sail . right , ” said athos . terrible , perhaps mortal illness ; i can feel that the paroxysm is fast approaching . screamed she , turning towards the wall , as if she would tear an opening with her hands . , monsieur de rochefort ? ” as on her knees at my feet , with her head thrown back , she begged for life . do ? ” of his young acquaintance with evident pleasure , as though his chilled affections	171.62515258789062
were <unk> and invigorated by his contact with one so warm and ardent . ” down , the other remained standing . do not go out alone ; when you eat , use every precaution . window of a little hut , they showed me a woman sitting , leaning on a table , and said , ‘ there is the person to be executed . ’ ” any trouble over treaties when it was a question of shooting the poor duc d ’ enghien . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ since you do not know where your master lives , let us speak of it no more ; let us part good friends . first part of this precious manuscript which we offer to	106.75225067138672
our readers , restoring it to the title which belongs to it , and entering into an engagement that if ( of which we have no doubt ) this first part should obtain the success it merits , we will publish the second immediately . the old man . resistance or remonstrance was useless . all around him ; not one struck him . , <unk> a glass of wine and changed his clothes . m. de boville took the paper danglars presented him , and read : , ” replied lord de winter . influence with them ; i do not even know them under their true names . ” , monsieur , ” said the count of morcerf , saluting monte cristo with a smile ,	115.7458267211914
“ and monsieur has rendered our house , in preserving its only heir , a service which <unk> him our eternal gratitude . ” the letter from him . of the most distinguished young men of the day , both as regarded his position in society and extraordinary talents ; nor did he say more than the truth , for in paris and the circle in which the viscount moved , he was looked upon and cited as a model of perfection . to rely upon that . ” become concerned in this <unk> affair ? ” praised to the highest note by these men , who adored him , and who , ruffians as they were , trembled before him like scholars before their master , obedient	195.7953643798828
to his least word , and ready to sacrifice themselves to wash out the smallest insult . up to d ’ artagnan . each other ? ” he asked . words with the sentinel ; then the door opened , and he appeared . know what you mean , nor do i even desire to know what you mean , ” replied the cardinal ; “ but i wish to please you , and see nothing out of the way in giving you what you demand with respect to so infamous a <unk> more so as you tell me this d ’ artagnan is a <unk> , a <unk> , and a traitor . ” ” said felton . morrel . and by the bluish splendor of the	62.13214111328125
fiery serpent they distinguished a little isolated house on the banks of the river , within a hundred paces of a ferry . he , involuntarily following noirtier ’ s eyes , which were fixed on madame de villefort , who repeated : same terror , refused , in his turn , to accompany athos , and only pointed with his hand to the road he was to take . , ” answered mademoiselle danglars , “ that you would be condemned to die like the worst criminals . ” ” more than once , but always in vain ; we examined the grotto all over , but we never could find the slightest trace of any opening ; they say that the door is not opened by	123.0164794921875
a key , but a magic word . ” ” be at noisy , or be coming there this evening , ’ said the other ; and that applies very well to you . ” ? ” he cried , “ they must have obtained my arrest . ” , addressing the two musketeers , “ accompany the royal carriage , we are going forward to look for lodgings . ” for the sake of the money , and on the road fear will prevent them from acting . violent effort at self-control : ” he called out in his gascon accent , “ what do you want ? power of this woman with eyes of flame in reading the hearts of those whose secrets she wished to	100.85950469970703
divine , she met this time with a countenance of such <unk> that no discovery followed her investigation . the fit that the unfortunate prisoner was unable to complete the sentence ; a violent convulsion shook his whole frame , his eyes started from their sockets , his mouth was drawn on one side , his cheeks became purple , he struggled , foamed , dashed himself about , and uttered the most dreadful cries , which , however , dantès prevented from being heard by covering his head with the <unk> . out of the fort , gained the field of battle , picked up the four muskets of the <unk> and the half-pike of the brigadier , and convinced that the fugitives would not stop till	180.05023193359375
they reached the city , turned again toward the bastion , bearing with them the trophies of their victory . barrel of a pistol was presented at his breast and these words were pronounced : that side , ” said buckingham , turning toward d ’ artagnan . , ” replied villefort ; “ he is quite sure that his wishes will be held sacred by me ; besides , he understands that in my position i can not plead against the <unk> ” the eye of noirtier beamed with triumph . ” replied planchet , rather astonished at the unexpected honor conferred upon him . your brother . ” twenty-four years ’ reminiscences , he thought not of albert , of beauchamp , of château-renaud , or	126.83305358886719
of any of that group ; but he thought of that courageous woman who had come to plead for her son ’ s life , to whom he had offered his , and who had now saved it by the revelation of a dreadful family secret , capable of <unk> forever in that young man ’ s heart every feeling of filial piety . information relative to africa . do well if they had any leader to unite them in one body . ” , and reflected . act ? ” athos asked of him in english . the highest favor . sorts . ” rue de la <unk> . mazarin has been so kind as to think of me , ” he said . ! ” a	108.7739028930664
state of fury , crossed the antechamber at three bounds , and was darting toward the stairs , which he reckoned upon descending four at a time , when , in his heedless course , he ran head foremost against a musketeer who was coming out of one of m. de tréville ’ s private rooms , and striking his shoulder violently , made him utter a cry , or rather a howl . madame , ” said the novice ; “ you have been his mistress ! ” the duke , “ really , i feel bored today beyond the power of description . ” the same day as that on which kitty came to find d ’ artagnan . knocked on the head . ’ ”	115.9347915649414
of her peculiarities , to get rid thus , after one fashion or another , of all the people who <unk> her . necessary . it , you will be happy . ” sure about the women , for they did not come in until after he had taken hashish , so that what he took for women might have been simply a row of statues . ” cry of joy , while maximilian raised his head , but let it fall again immediately . cried aramis , “ you have a magnificent horse there , porthos . ” valentine , he had learned how to understand the old man quickly . of your king . was not impregnable . hand and aramis could see the prisoner disappear	112.17009735107422
at the turning of the avenue . the invalid , his eye beaming with delight at the ready <unk> of his meaning . cloaks , in whose drapery they were carefully enveloped ; one of them , shorter than the rest , remained <unk> in the background . name ? ” ” said albert , “ i assure you madame de morcerf speaks freely to me , and if you have not felt those sympathetic <unk> of which i spoke just now <unk> within you , you must be entirely devoid of them , for during the last four days we have spoken of no one else . ” both , ” returned the inspector ; “ i must conscientiously perform my duty . ” said d ’	100.93099975585938
artagnan . talk politics , my lord . ” . said , “ i swear to you my soul is no longer my own . ” of triumphant ferocity . to me as a marquis , so he ought to be a count ; but i do not think he has much claim to that title . ” monsieur bernajoux , ” said d ’ artagnan , tranquilly , “ i will wait for you at the door . ” councillor , restored to his family : , benedetto appeared , if not a victim to , at least an instance of , the <unk> of the law . to do with that purse ? ” whispered he . , ’ cried i , rising , for at	62.194000244140625
that <unk> voice i had recovered all my strength , ‘ on the cross i swear that no promise , no menace , no force , no torture , shall close my mouth ! and scarron , through <unk> obstinacy , had seen monsieur de gondy only the more frequently . nanette , her eyes flashing with anger and a broom in her hand . being come , the two guards arrived , took their places , and the dishes were arranged on the table . said comminges ; “ and if they come back , fire ! ” he , “ does not the count know where the house he purchases is situated ? ” their work , and the little boat glided away as rapidly as	165.23646545410156
possible in the midst of the thousand vessels which choke up the narrow way which leads between the two rows of ships from the mouth of the harbor to the quai d ’ orléans . artagnan reached the end of an alley regularly planted with fine poplars and terminating in an iron gate , the points and crossed bars of which were gilt . pleasures of the chase today ? ” to refuse to dine with him . ” her ? one will open the doors . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan , after a moment of reflection , “ i shall <unk> it , be assured . ” d ’ artagnan ’ s . ” hid the light . she would return to me through the	104.47349548339844
grating of the door a minute after she had received it , ” replied felton . ” and the young man , who had never shrunk from danger , shrank before monte cristo with indescribable terror . interrupted master edward , snatching the feathers out of the tail of a splendid <unk> that was screaming on its gilded perch , in order to make a plume for his hat . by that affair in spain ? ” generosity , ” said athos . ? ” returned d ’ artagnan ; “ we are saved ! ” ’ artagnan felt that he could <unk> himself for that smile . and sanctity , each in a <unk> . ’ and i have pledged my word to him . was that	79.04328155517578
d ’ artagnan , without asking information of any kind , alighted , <unk> the horses to the care of his lackey , entered a small room destined to receive those who wished to be alone , and desired the host to bring him a bottle of his best wine and as good a breakfast as <unk> desire which further corroborated the high opinion the innkeeper had formed of the traveler at first sight . and with altered voice , ‘ ladies , ’ said she , ‘ wait for me ten minutes , i shall soon return. ’ she then opened the door of her alcove , and went out . ” spare yourself the trouble . ” yourself , madame puritan , or i ’ ll	160.54254150390625
remove you to a dungeon . ? ” formed into little groups . , foaming at his mouth , and his fist extended , mordaunt had advanced one more step , a threatening , terrible step , toward de winter . aramis , “ came toward me , accompanied by five or six men who followed about ten paces behind him ; and in the politest tone , ‘ monsieur duke , ’ said he to me , ‘ and you madame , ’ continued he , addressing the lady on my <unk> ” she ? ” ‘ no revenge , ’ you will please to recollect . ” ? the englishman . , the noise awoke him with a start and found a gloomy echo in his	124.71536254882812
heart . ” said the swiss ; “ it ’ s simple enough to <unk> a dream , but i neffer dream . ” ; take back those horrible vegetables , and that poor <unk> ! , this worthy porthos has just received a sword wound and i am taking him to his country house at saint cloud . ” large _atelier_ , which had been increased in size by pulling down the <unk> <unk> , in which the artist and the dandy strove for <unk> . , my lad ; she would have killed you . cried . officer was there . de lannoy come and inform you instantly ? ” noisy than the door . ” rochefort . said she , “ how came you here	126.72013092041016
? the old man ’ s look , with eagerness . ” said she . french had not been again seen at marseilles ; the day after , or two days after his visit to morrel , he had disappeared ; and as in that city he had had no intercourse but with the mayor , the inspector of prisons , and m. morrel , his departure left no trace except in the memories of these three persons . the world to the lamentations of m. <unk> to which , besides , they must have been pretty well <unk> two guards took the prisoner each by an arm , and led him away , while the commissary wrote a letter in haste and dispatched it by an officer	121.4895248413086
in waiting . had made upon him after the dinner at auteuil , and then the visit the abbé had himself paid to his house on the day of valentine ’ s death . , ‘ oh ! ’ ” fear , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ as long as i shall have the luck to enjoy the favor of their majesties ? ” with an inconceivable address and marvellous rapidity , without the police interfering in the matter . harbor ! ” like a man accustomed to such demonstrations , only on turning the corner of the street he lifted his hat gracefully , and waved it to her as a sign of adieu . health , and the travelers returned his politeness . ?	104.57267761230469
” , but m. de blacas , taking his hand , restrained him . loud , young <unk> ’ t speak so loud . carriage take the way to la grêve , when he perceived the pointed roof of the hôtel de ville , and the carriage passed under the arcade , he believed it was over with him . at him with amazement . be a young man of rare qualities . ” out who and what he is , ” said franz , rising from his seat . maximilian , as much as you . ” clothes of the marquis d ’ o—— , he had left the hotel , stumbling over the bodies of an officer and two guards who had been killed whilst defending	99.1853256225586
the street door . then , turning to the governor , observed , “ he will become <unk> is already more gentle ; he is afraid , and retreated before the <unk> are not afraid of anything ; i made some curious observations on this at <unk> ” then , turning to the prisoner , “ what is it you want ? ” said he . ” fifty or sixty thousand francs ; spend them if necessary , but let these gentlemen be treated as they deserve , that is to say , like kings . ” not be mme . believed that he had to do with some judge examining his papers ; but he perceived that the man at the desk wrote , or rather corrected	134.31143188476562
, lines of unequal length , <unk> the words on his fingers . ? ” interrupted d ’ artagnan . four double pistoles into his pocket to answer the needs of the moment , he placed the others in the ebony box , inlaid with mother of pearl , in which was the famous handkerchief which served him as a talisman . from the eyes of this woman ; and her looks , fixed on the future , beheld nothing but the high fortunes reserved for her by the cardinal , whom she had so successfully served without his name being in any way mixed up with the sanguinary affair . noirtier ’ s eyes met those of the abbé , and no doubt he read some particular	161.2363739013672
expression in them , for he remained in the room . the governor of the port , ” said the shipmaster , “ and give me the preference . ” judge , i suppose this to be a quarter of my father ’ s revenue . ” looked around , for his was already a very celebrated name . at the door . his salute , accompanying this courtesy with a loud <unk> which was audible to the four ; after which all four disappeared in the bastion , whither grimaud had preceded them . he ; ‘ the enemy will not rally for fifteen days and until that time i have no need of your service . yet ? ” , madame . time i ever saw	98.88375854492188
her in this condition , ” said valentine ; “ and this morning she frightened me so that i thought her mad ; and my father , who you know is a strong-minded man , himself appeared deeply impressed . ” the queen , when the last of them had quitted the apartment , “ you would yield to these limbs of the <unk> advocates ? ” this <unk> voice pouring out its lamentations in the middle of the night ; but each of those strokes , which made up the expected hour , vibrated harmoniously to the heart of the young man . monte cristo ; “ so this gentleman is an academician ? ” commanded ? ” , will pass away like mountain torrents ; civil	123.95122528076172
war , like a forest flame ; but <unk> shall remain ; i have a presentiment that we shall . ” natural and instinctive love of life made me wish to avoid endangering my own . dantès felt himself flung into the air like a wounded bird , falling , falling , with a rapidity that made his blood <unk> . impossibility ; and i consider it impious to attempt that which the almighty evidently does not approve . ” fighting in a room and had not space to go on like that forever , mordaunt ’ s foot at last touched the wall , against which he rested his left hand . aramis , laughing , “ we have praised the dead enough , let us <unk>	207.20591735839844
the living a little ; i should like to say something evil of mazarin ; is it <unk> ? ” may try , a month hence , to marry me again ; and to whom ? —m . the pope who is infallible , and that this infallibility does not extend to cardinals . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ without a thesis ? of hearing and sight , “ that grimaud kept bad watch ! ” cried porthos , who had a great inclination to vent his ill-humor on somebody . winter had hastened her departure ; she thought she was condemned to set off that very evening . the sudden fall from 409 to 206 ? ” asked monte cristo . aramis , “	127.94483947753906
but that one word is the name of some town or village . ” a greatcoat , or rather a surtout , a little worse for the journey , but which exhibited the ribbon of the legion of honor still fresh and brilliant , a <unk> which also ornamented the under coat . madame : ‘ mazarin is a <unk> . in vain she told me you would not come ! mistress , and mme . see our young vicomte . portion , assured that if the first were seized , no one would be able to discover its real meaning . to good advice ? ” richest and noblest families of rome accompanied them with that italian freedom which has not its parallel in any other country	202.37481689453125
in the world . d ’ artagnan interrupted , “ as i don ’ t understand english and we all understand spanish , have the kindness to speak to us in that language , which , since it is your own , you must find pleasure in using when you have the chance . ” exclaimed the queen , frowning . to ask my wife to have a little conversation with me ; it is so rarely i make such a request , i am sure you can not grudge it to me . ” my having said nearly what you have said before a woman whom i thought my friend , and who betrayed me . horses at either of these races , count ? ” the	86.18389892578125
path . of madame danglars stiffen , while that of villefort trembled . ” said bazin , “ where was he carried ? ” at it . the seine with us and follow us to the door of the carmelite convent in the rue saint jacques . ? , for in five minutes the queen entered in full gala costume . buckingham thus . madame ; the fanciful exists no longer in the east . for counsel ; don ’ t tell me you are perplexed what to do . her woman ’ s heart was breaking under its load of memories . d ’ artagnan entered aramis ’ s chamber , he found him at the window . fields and <unk> walls , and seriously alarmed at	131.3839874267578
the idea suggested by you , that if caught hovering about here your father would very likely have me sent to prison as a thief . , whose extent it was impossible to determine , rays of light were visible . desire to leave this fortune ? ” said he ; “ of what else should i speak ? ” do that . ” in all the horror of my situation , after increasing it by what you have revealed to me . friendly salute as d ’ artagnan . to milady . d ’ artagnan , ” said athos ; “ yes , ungrateful to providence , to whom we owe our safety in the most miraculous manner . is the only moment in which you can	115.41069030761719
study character , ” said the count ; “ on the steps of the scaffold death tears off the mask that has been worn through life , and the real visage is disclosed . three , and of those who last entered , was to cast an inquiring glance at each other . ” said the cardinal , “ i know of whom you speak . ” she , “ you see he refuses ? ” amazement of the fugitive when he found himself flung headlong over the rocks ! efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life . sir ? ” tell you what i did not like to mention on my return from yanina . ” artagnan summoned the host	114.79531860351562
, one of those sly normans who say neither yes nor no and fear to commit themselves by giving a direct answer . , ” athos continued , with that charming and paternal interest felt by a grown man for a youth . a strain , athos ? ” the young girl had been overcome with the terrible excitement of the evening , and had gone to bed and to sleep . ” continued the inspector of prisons . to table ; but they could not refrain from remarking the difference between the count of monte cristo ’ s table and that of signor pastrini . great desire to drink the king ’ s health , ” said athos . muttering , “ a good deal of ceremony	137.4095001220703
to-night about crushing an <unk> ” athos shrunk into his corner , pale and motionless as a <unk> . who is deceased . ” going to fight about , athos ? ” asked aramis . then ? ” on because it pleases me to stop here . ” ? ” quarter , my officer . ” be at her country seat , for she has not answered me . ” midnight , and alighted at the <unk> of the golden lily . friend , look upon all i tell you as merely the statement of a <unk> a man who resembles an <unk> simply what he hears . fellow , ” replied m. noirtier , seating himself , “ i might say the same thing to you ,	90.49095916748047
when you announce to me your wedding for the 28th of february , and on the 3rd of march you turn up here in paris . ” syllable of your embarrassment to me , when he knows that , alone and isolated as i am , i seek every opportunity of making the acquaintance of my neighbors . fail . ” to everything , and , like <unk> , when young , he drew on his slate sheep , houses , and trees . , you are a great wit and i am really sorry to be on bad terms with you . ” the crowd , who for the sake of gain styled him “ your excellency. ” as danglars had hitherto contented himself with being called	170.96836853027344
a baron , he felt rather flattered at the title of excellency , and distributed a dozen silver <unk> among the <unk> , who were ready , for twelve more , to call him “ your highness . ” are intending to propose to me ; but i can not accept it , edmond—my son would not permit it . ” king desired to be informed the moment the cardinal arrived . coming on one side of the street , pass by on the other . that in the person of this priest is represented the whole people of paris and that it is dangerous to insult him at this moment , and if this priest wished it , in an hour you would be without a crown	121.29728698730469
? ” porthos exclaimed . am falling , or rather , bayard is falling , ” answered porthos . morcerf ; “ you are , then , going to a <unk> will be very dull for you . ” poor kitty , forced to put on a pleasant face , responded in a stifled voice whose dolorous accent her mistress did not however remark , solely because happiness is egotistical . become your surety , but to patronize you ? —your father ’ s name , so well known in italy and so highly honored . , fish , game , —it signifies little , so that i eat . ” the ends of the bed , took the sack by its extremities . to make you dislike	220.04188537597656
me ? ” reason ! inquired the duke , “ what does your majesty mean ? ” “ the officer who commands here in my absence you have already seen , and therefore know him . whom i had the honor to receive under my poor roof . the man with gray hair , who also touched bottom . the false bottom came out , and they saw a bundle of papers tied with a black string . ” said hermine suddenly , “ if all this is , as you say , caused by m. debray , why , instead of going direct to him , do you come and tell me of it ? of a battle ; the heart beat , the eyes laughed ,	110.91393280029297
and they felt that the life they were perhaps going to lose , was , after all , a good thing . abbé threw off his wig , shook his head , and his hair , no longer confined , fell in black masses around his manly face . t recognize me ; they will be much less likely to . ” he added with a smile , “ i leave you , <unk> ” albert understood his thoughts . the king ? ” exclaimed athos , anxiously . ” . a different thing . ” be sanctioned by a witness . and followed his guide ; he neither supplicated nor exclaimed . know them , you know that they are good and free companions . franz and	92.26399230957031
the count , descended the staircase , crossed the square chamber , where stood all the bandits , hat in hand . woman , ” said athos , coldly and sternly . , grew animated by degrees , and smiled . the antechamber , the corridor , or on the stairs , he met the pretty _soubrette_ . of which she might not have been believed capable . up again after three <unk> from you , i shall never rise after this fourth . ” a fellow he is ; a man who nearly killed mazarin between two doors . fever , and seemed dying by inches . you , count , for this pleasing intelligence ! it was , brought him to nine o ’ clock in	121.12638092041016
the morning ; at which hour he rose , in order to repair to the residence of m. de tréville , the third personage in the kingdom , in the paternal estimation . planchet , “ i am in all things at your service . ” also , ” said the curate . only . to serve the cause of the people ? ” asked gondy . his majesty did not quit the pont-neuf . ’ ” inquired valentine , uneasily . words spoken in that interview had borne their fruit , and that he desired another under the same conditions . she exclaimed ; “ and how is he connected with the question you asked me ? ” more , stood erect , and while monte cristo	85.57088470458984
was <unk> his disguise had advanced straight to the secretaire , whose lock was beginning to crack under his nightingale . no , you must not groan , you must tremble ! ” lost in a thicket of shrubs , in the midst of its most melodious <unk> had <unk> low and lower into stillness and fallen asleep . the sea , and was dragged into its depths by a thirty-six-pound shot tied to his feet . one of the guests ; “ that is what i call talking to some purpose . ” ! open space and franz followed him closely . ” repeated porthos . the game at tennis took place in the open air . man that has spared my son ’ s life !	187.04299926757812
glass of this <unk> served wine , and found it to be nothing but that horrible <unk> terror of all expert <unk> . yes ; lost beyond redemption ! you know anything about him ? ” villefort found himself facing him , and the young magistrate ’ s first impulse was to pause . , if it is any satisfaction to you to do so ; but rely upon my obtaining the reprieve i seek . ” ? ” , vast gray clouds rolled towards the west , and the blue firmament appeared studded with bright stars . on in the calmness of the night . as to hear and see everything , ” he answered . never to leave the prisoner alone ; to keep away from	168.30738830566406
him every pointed or cutting instrument , and to prevent his conversing any length of time with the keepers . ” the marks are recent . ” to this threat ; but the assailants attacked their foes with such <unk> that in a moment they were upon them ; a third pistol-shot was heard , aimed by d ’ artagnan , and one of his adversaries fell . with her own money , not mine ; nevertheless , you can understand that when 700,000 francs leave the wife ’ s pocket , the husband always finds it out . by the presence of that excellent prince , who was so good-natured , who invented so droll tricks against monsieur de chavigny and so fine jokes against mazarin ,	212.62387084960938
made for la ramee the approaching pentecost one of the four great feasts of the year . ” it is because i confide in that justice that i shall wait patiently and quietly the good pleasure of your majesty . ” who this miserable fellow was ? ” the alarm , and in an instant all were on the alert . the day before , sent as ambassador to spain , to demand the hand of the <unk> for king charles i. , who was then only prince of wales . , and the conversation turned upon him while kitty was assisting her mistress . us come to terms ; i ask nothing better . ” advantages . caderousse had forgotten , had not forgotten him , and	158.9033966064453
at his death he bequeathed this diamond to him . ’ and m. de château-renaud . ” of “ the three musketeers , ” we took leave of d ’ artagnan at no . man of foresight and prudence , therefore you sent your <unk> on before you . beggar , my lord . ” grimaud . really wish it , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and even with great pleasure , i confess ; the journey has given me a devil of an appetite . ” ” said aramis , with a little look of diffidence , which , however , was not exempt from a shade of hypocrisy : myself that there can be no doubt of it , ” replied the cavalier in	70.44255065917969
the cloak . , but set to work ! ” d ’ artagnan ’ s excuses , and perceiving that the four friends desired to be alone , retired . two objects in a safe place , nor should i accept them if the resources of our ancient fortune were left to us , but our estates are confiscated , our ready money is exhausted , and we are reduced to turn to service everything we possess . a fee or distribute a project gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement , you must obtain permission in writing from the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , the manager of the project gutenberg™ trademark . fee of 20 %	246.87062072753906
of the gross profits you derive from the use of project gutenberg™ works calculated using the method you already use to calculate your applicable taxes . they bandaged his eyes with a care that showed their apprehensions of his committing some indiscretion . cook who <unk> these pills ? ” asked beauchamp . , ” said athos , “ you must leave us . ” surrounded by the more <unk> chiefs . the arm of villefort , who was obliged to support himself against the wall . ’ t you mean ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , finishing his friend ’ s sentence . is not valuable , ” replied the man with a melancholy smile . stupid fellow , ” said d ’ artagnan ; and	80.94085693359375
laying hold of the <unk> , he let himself gently down from the first story , which fortunately was not very elevated , without doing himself the slightest injury . object was like <unk> rescue the holy sepulchre . ” reserve , as without hatred ; tell the truth , the whole truth ; i do not know , never may know , the persons of whom you are about to speak ; besides , i am an italian , and not a frenchman , and belong to god , and not to man , and i shall shortly retire to my convent , which i have only quitted to fulfil the last wishes of a dying man . ” the castle of yanina ! ! these peasant	132.9252166748047
costumes , like those of the young women , were brilliant with gold and jewels . , ” said he , smiling . the king in person , the king who has come to ask for some account of what has happened . ” that in one of the furtive glances she darted from time to time at the grating of the door she thought she saw the ardent eyes of the young man through the narrow opening . was at the top of a small mountain , which no doubt in former days had been a <unk> extinct volcano before the days when <unk> and <unk> had deserted <unk> to come and found the city of rome . finding him there , we left him alone .	116.01476287841797
” athos , with a calmness the more terrible because he risked his head in making this reply , “ the letter is a woman ’ s letter , but it is neither signed <unk> de <unk> , nor madame d ’ aiguillon . ” rightly . was for me ? ” of litmus-paper reddened by an acid , and it turns syrup of violets green . to you is the life or death of a condemned wretch ? exhausted . ‘ fie ! the hand of franz had come in contact with that of the mysterious individual before him , and unconsciously he shuddered at its touch , for it felt cold and icy as that of a corpse . business with the procureur . ” abodes	196.33798217773438
of athos , porthos , and aramis . way ; employ me even actively , but let it be on the high roads . ” winds , accidents , and a woman ’ s weakness , there are twelve days . ” and fell asleep with a smile upon her lips . his hôtel , buckingham sprang from his horse , and without thinking what became of the animal , threw the bridle on his neck , and sprang toward the vestibule . to hold gloves , ” he said . yourself in that glass ; you have turned pale and then red successively , three or four times in one minute . ” to a painful and disgraceful punishment is no impediment to beauty , but it	118.865234375
is an obstacle to the recovery of power . is the dignity of your rank alone which makes you cruel to me ; i can believe that , had you been madame de chevreuse , poor buckingham might have hoped . of submission , and followed the ladies who were to conduct her to her room . ” said felton , “ i doubted , but now i believe . ” ” cried patrick . man , but the woman told me that if any misfortune happened to her betrothed , she would kill herself . ” aramis . replied fernand , “ you can endure your own wretchedness patiently , but you are afraid to share mine . her , skillfully detached the two great black feet	109.54117584228516
, which she placed upon her husband ’ s plate , cut off the neck , which with the head she put on one side for herself , raised the wing for porthos , and then returned the bird otherwise intact to the servant who had brought it in , who disappeared with it before the musketeer had time to examine the variations which disappointment produces upon faces , according to the characters and temperaments of those who experience it . conversation is most interesting ; and as i wish to enjoy it as long as possible , <unk> for monte cristo . ” of absence of monsieur de tréville , on some pretext or other which you must invent ; i am not very clever at pretexts	169.32737731933594
. that in this direction he would gain intelligence of the fugitive . ? rich , madame coquenard , and that your husband is obliged to bleed his poor <unk> to squeeze a few paltry crowns from them . him the last three or four days . ” ” said m. de tréville , “ i was so confident of your loyalty that i required no other defender before his majesty than yourself . should persuade the marquis to give me my capital , which is not likely , but still is possible , we would place these two or three millions in your hands , whose talent might make it realize ten per cent . ” ordered you to england and that monsieur d ’ artagnan is	116.43240356445312
waiting for you in the stables . ” dantès , “ the various circumstances mentioned in the letter were wholly unknown to him . ” but men , and men are become both weak and wicked . will you ? ” said danglars , pretending to restrain caderousse , who , with the tenacity of drunkards , leaned out of the arbor . himself to the french style of living , and might prefer something else . ” must risk something . a ring which comes from my sovereign ? her deep mourning dress , and morrel experienced such intense delight in gazing upon her that he felt as if he could almost have dispensed with the conversation of her grandfather . , the four friends were soon	157.96502685546875
in one another ’ s arms . and <unk> that monte cristo assumed a pitying air towards him . in the morning the doctor arrived ; but since the time milady stabbed herself , however short , the wound had closed . coward , ” murmured d ’ artagnan ; “ but <unk> was very beautiful . ” returned from hunting . d ’ artagnan had ever refused a request from athos . my dear viscount . ” ” said comminges ; “ the order is strict and must be put into execution this instant . ” asked the baroness , “ am i responsible for this loss ? ” he pointed his gun at d ’ artagnan , who was riding toward him at full speed .	87.50224304199219
maximilian , “ an englishman , who represented himself as the confidential clerk of the house of thomson & french , at rome . i <unk> you were , —the man i always loved . going to pay a second visit to this woman , who i fear entertains sinister intentions upon her own life , and i have received orders to watch her . ” marseilles for sons to keep their fathers waiting in their <unk> ? ” doubt it . and formal , accosted the banker in an affable and smiling manner , and , feeling sure that the overture he was about to make would be well received , he did not consider it necessary to adopt any manœuvres in order to gain his end	154.97317504882812
, but went at once straight to the point . were you thinking of as you danced opposite the young countess of san-felice ? ’ he went to a table upon which was a salver with spanish wine and glasses . dear friend , ” replied the abbé ; “ it is clear you do not understand the nature of the courage with which i am endowed , and what use i intend making of my strength . with one of the committee , a young peer of my acquaintance , to get admission to one of the galleries . made , and this is what he intended to do . feel it impossible to struggle against this deadly weight which <unk> me . ’ s . ”	110.0372543334961
will be so good as to inform me whom you are expecting to receive ? ” apartments of saint germain . ordered to be engraved as soon as you knew the number of the house ? ” . but obeyed , with the sublime confidence he had in his friend . , ” replied the stranger . she stopped . , ” said she . d ’ artagnan in entering , aramis lifted up his head , and beheld his friend ; but to the great astonishment of the young man , the sight of him did not produce much effect upon the musketeer , so completely was his mind detached from the things of this world . the queen remained silent . , ” continued porthos ,	70.68346405029297
becoming more and more melancholy . ! ” recommended to you ? ” with superhuman strength , the armchair containing noirtier upstairs . . and as he advanced , after entering into the circle of light projected by the lamp , milady involuntarily drew back . to-morrow . ” , acquainted with a variety of languages , so as to have been able to read all these ? ” end ! ” messenger ? ” a tall , dark <unk> like yours , d ’ artagnan . ” have signed this paper to establish the truth of the facts , lest the moment should arrive when either of the actors in this terrible scene should be accused of premeditated murder or of infringement of the laws of honor	168.66796875
. ” said the latter ; “ m . , as you have seen ; five or six will inevitably kill , and in a way the more terrible inasmuch as , poured into a glass of wine , it would not in the slightest degree affect its flavor . ” instinct . no intelligence of her . long white beard , but i loved him ; he was sixty years old , but to me he was handsomer than all the fine youths i saw . ” , i need but knock against the wall , and he will cease to work , in order to find out who is knocking , and why he does so ; but as his occupation is sanctioned by the governor	146.25241088867188
, he will soon resume it . cardinal as if to interrogate him ; but he had not time to address any question to him—a cry of admiration burst from every mouth . , i am greatly afraid i have drawn a terrible vengeance on both of us ! ” his friend by an affirmative nod of the head . not yield himself without a furious battle . ” draught the glass he held in his hand . said , “ there is one among you who knows the king , let him approach and say whether it is really his majesty lying there . ” of the ancient jailers were still there ; but they had all been <unk> , or had passed on to some other	138.00955200195312
employment . the queen . in between your legs till your bones stick out ! ” said d ’ artagnan , “ do you begin to believe that it ’ s a ruined cause , and that what with your <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and cromwells , we shall never get the upper hand ? ” the means of approaching the scaffold itself , and he will deliver the official order to the officer , who , in his turn , will hand it to the executioner ; in the meantime , it will be as well to acquaint peppino with what we have determined on , if it be only to prevent his dying of fear or losing his senses , because in either case a	119.33597564697266
very useless expense will have been incurred . ” ? ” asked valentine . hour she heard a soft voice calling her ; it was mme . , you are charming ; but at the same time you are one of the most mysterious women . ” be deprived of that pleasure ; her position in the count ’ s establishment is not sufficiently understood . ” woman you would dare not fly , i presume ? ” you have made certain conditions on my behalf ? ” , surprised . friend ; we became <unk> at five , he at eighteen . ’ artagnan , look up a little ! . hear her piano . ” ” inquired the captain of the patrol . what do you	78.4055404663086
think ? ” these words a rap on the ceiling made her raise her head , and a voice which reached her through the ceiling cried , “ dear madame bonacieux , open for me the little door on the alley , and i will come down to you . ” all cried together . athos , “ it is not raoul about whom i am anxious , for i trust he will conduct himself like a gentleman ; and if he is killed—well , he will die <unk> ; but <unk> such a misfortune <unk> ” athos passed his hand across his pale brow . with surprise . to carry matters any further , we shall find her , or rather , she will find us tomorrow	124.18135070800781
; then she will give me some sign or other , and i shall know what i have to do . ” ” said the same voice , in the same commanding tone . said groslow , and opened the door of the room . so far as a man can resemble a woman . ” my lord . ” it is to die , morrel , that we may appreciate the enjoyments of living . ” said faria , “ i have thought over all the most celebrated cases of escape on record . him , and without even turning his head continued to eat slowly . the honest notary , “ the count is , i think , mistaken ; it is only fifty thousand francs	67.23271179199219
, everything included . ” and glided noiselessly up to the queen to listen . man is he ? ” the president , seeing that charles was determined to remain silent , “ so be it . , “ you have ruined us all—the king , yourself and me . ” ” cried the queen . . of d ’ artagnan . to escape ? ” one can not remain thus , with a sword hanging eternally over his head , ” said athos . by a look . who had been gone from the house since morning , to our great anxiety , did not return until late in the evening , dragging a monkey after him , which he said he had found chained to the	98.59180450439453
foot of a tree . virtuous , are you not , planchet ? ” showing him the crawfish hung up by the thread : suppose , that you refuse the service which i asked of you ? ” ” the doors , on the ceiling , were swords , daggers , <unk> <unk> , maces , <unk> ; gilded , damasked , and inlaid suits of armor ; dried plants , <unk> , and stuffed birds , their <unk> wings <unk> in motionless flight , and their <unk> forever open . , ending in a sob , burst from the centre of the crowd , who encircled the lady who had before fainted , and who now fell into a violent fit of <unk> . slight cry of	171.70767211914062
joy ; this woman , or rather this <unk> the carriage passed with the rapidity of a <unk> mme . pleasantry of the count . , speaking slowly , like a person who is either <unk> or suppressing some feature of the history which he is relating . iris of which contracts or <unk> at pleasure , ” said debray ; “ <unk> angle strongly developed , magnificent forehead , livid complexion , black beard , sharp and white teeth , politeness <unk> . ” and one there. ” andrea sketched two windows in the room , which formed an angle on the plan , and appeared as a small square added to the rectangle of the bedroom . ” said mademoiselle danglars to her friend . athos	171.3349609375
, “ this is not a moment for <unk> , but a time to show yourself a king and a gentleman . , and the middle one was used as a door . perhaps , felton is paying with his head for the crime of this fury ! ” , ” said the king , much agitated ; “ and recently we have had information that the bonapartist clubs have had meetings in the rue saint-jacques . and found the first room empty and deserted . ! is to carry out , in a fitting manner , the last wishes of our friend . i was praying , sir ? ” said milady , in a voice broken by sobs . over these <unk> ” so saying ,	94.08916473388672
madame de saint-méran extended her dry bony hand to villefort , who , while <unk> a son-in-law ’ s respectful salute on it , looked at renée , as much as to say , “ i must try and fancy ’ tis your dear hand i kiss , as it should have been . ” mazarin , with his italian smile ; “ that may happen one day ; but in the <unk> ” one remedy ; i will tell you what that is . time his master would not retract . aramis , in his most <unk> tone , “ i had made up my mind . you heard it , or one very similar to it ; a house with a garden , a master ,	102.31785583496094
a physician , and where there have been three unexpected and sudden deaths . hotel and went up into his apartment , intending to watch the spy ; but as he was about to place his gloves and hat on a table , he saw reflected in a glass opposite to him a figure which stood on the threshold of the room . are mistaken . ’ s welfare , madame , ” replied mazarin , fixing his penetrating eyes on the queen , “ there is no sacrifice that i would not make . ” keys of my drawers and my desks . ” the terrible <unk> threw her whole soul , completed the trouble which had seized the heart of the young officer . he had	90.5141372680664
finished , with the same calmness that had characterized him during the whole of this remarkable and trying conversation . story , count , ” said albert , terrified at the paleness of haydée ’ s countenance , “ and i reproach myself now for having been so cruel and thoughtless in my request . ” three words to you , monsieur chevalier , ” stammered the _soubrette_ . —why not ? ” a deposition declaring benedetto to be the assassin . alone , reflected for an instant and then rang the bell a third time . ” exclaimed gondy , “ you speak with a certainty that gives me pleasure ; and since monsieur le curé can answer for you—— ” to fear but robbers . ”	158.2629852294922
have the honor of seeing you again , your excellency ? ” asked cavalcanti . returned the englishman , “ that a fresh and <unk> misfortune has overwhelmed you , and this only increases my desire to serve you . ” call you my child . ” edmond , smiling , “ these are the treasures the cardinal has left ; and the good abbé , seeing in a dream these glittering walls , has indulged in fallacious hopes . ” to sit down opposite , poured her a small glass of spanish wine , and helped her to the wing of a chicken . that was told him with so much the more ease that it was his interest to believe it . steal children , are	123.75137329101562
not at all in vogue in this part of the world , and would not be believed . with the pommel of your sword , as if you had a great inclination to break the holy father ’ s head . ” other to do . and quitted the room upon the plea of urgent business ; he soon , however , returned , his whole face beaming with delight . of the horses , ” said planchet . said d ’ artagnan , “ this has been the will of god . ” cromwell to mazarin , and the queen guessed rightly ; we have been forestalled . good a swordsman to trifle with his opponent . is impossible . ” seeing him ? ” to the	77.4841079711914
catalans , and he is going to the city . mad now , and in another year he will be quite so . ” livery ; my livery will be known , ” replied porthos . ” returned morrel , who could not refrain from smiling through his tears , “ where is the captain ? ” de winter , “ i am at this moment as poor as he is , if not <unk> . aramis , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you must be taking me for some one else . ” electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder , your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.e.1 through 1.e.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright	98.36101531982422
holder . ” said raoul , forcing himself to convey a respect by speech that did not come from his heart , “ if you are a priest you have an opportunity , as my friend has told you , of <unk> your vocation . , where he would receive one part of his fortune , and then proceeding to vienna , where he would find the rest , he meant to take up his residence in the latter town , which he had been told was a city of pleasure . ” said porthos , a little perplexed between the two , “ i suppose , as i came with you , i must go away with you . answer , but looked at his master with	87.14714050292969
wild staring eyes , while with his cramped hand he grasped a piece of furniture to enable him to stand upright . little , it can hardly be called eating . ” d ’ artagnan passed to the other side of the room with porthos and aramis . was not then dead ! ” . ” prevent that woman from singing ? these men , monsieur comminges , but i know them , first personally , also by <unk> . rather , very beautiful , ” replied albert , “ but of that style of beauty which i do not appreciate ; i am an ungrateful fellow . ” very devil , this béarnais ! noblemen marry amongst themselves , do they not ? ” asked danglars carelessly	155.69772338867188
; “ they like to unite their fortunes . ” are looking for , ” he said . <unk> and <unk> years of age , little , rather stout , with gray hair and light eyes . brought you here to ask you , ” returned mazarin , smiling , “ if you have taken any particular notice of our lieutenant of musketeers ? ” . ” descended the staircase . seven o ’ clock , descend from your carriage opposite the via dei pontefici , and follow the roman peasant who <unk> your torch from you . ’ artagnan in paris . eight in the evening the grand salon , the gallery adjoining , and the three other drawing-rooms on the same floor , were filled with	100.95381164550781
a perfumed crowd , who <unk> but little in the event , but who all participated in that love of being present wherever there is anything fresh to be seen . sweat creep down his back . and directed it towards the yacht . does not put mushrooms in his pies ; thou knowest that mushrooms from the wood of vincennes are fatal to my family . ” mistaken , they are not misfortunes , —it is a punishment . , doctor ? ” demanded villefort . he said to himself , “ what chateau ? particular night the minister ’ s box was placed at the disposal of lucien debray , who offered it to the comte de morcerf , who again , upon his rejection of	163.84327697753906
it by mercédès , sent it to danglars , with an intimation that he should probably do himself the honor of joining the baroness and her daughter during the evening , in the event of their accepting the box in question . me the honor , ” said raoul , blushing , “ to tell me the name of that young lady whose opinion seems so different from that of others of the company . ” immediately put spur to horse , which set off along the rue saint honore with the speed of the whirlwind . the cardinal ; but don ’ t trouble yourself whence they come , think only that one of the three is your property . ” the sloop . , ” said	142.59584045410156
andrea , “ in consideration of lord wilmore , by whom i was recommended to you—— ” of these gentlemen , could i leave my guest in the hands of a hideous bandit , as you term him ? ” the giant was replaced by another bandit . ” said athos , “ for we shall go to the <unk> , i presume . ” the three musketeers all together , on seeing d ’ artagnan enter with his brow covered with perspiration and his countenance upset with anger . complete silence , during which dantès , still listening , knew that the doctor was examining the corpse a second time . , then ? ” woman was in to convey to the queen the excellent news of	97.08721160888672
the happy return of her messenger prevented the two lovers from exchanging more than a few words . from this position . ” render an act valid is , that the notary should be thoroughly convinced that he has faithfully interpreted the will and wishes of the person dictating the act . not at your own disposal . ” completely the dupe of the prisoner , whom , notwithstanding her <unk> , she persisted in watching all night . . him . ” he , “ let us see , gentlemen , what are his eminence ’ s commands , ” and d ’ artagnan unsealed the letter and read , favorable occasion to secure his dinner ; but dantès feared lest the report of his gun should	147.21397399902344
attract attention . not affright me , ” said d ’ artagnan . the fascinating serpent , and himself the bird which flies from branch to branch without power to escape . kiss , one after the other , those dear studs with which he was about to part . departing ; then the door of the closet in which d ’ artagnan was , was opened , and mme . it is truly , ” said the italian , looking on with astonishment . , and having made his proofs as general , he succeeded in remaining a soldier , instead of being made cardinal . ’ artagnan also went out enveloped in a large cloak , which ill-concealed the sheath of a long sword . is	109.25536346435547
all . ” woman , what have they done with you ? ” ! a huge black dog came rushing to meet the daring <unk> of his ordinarily tranquil abode , <unk> and displaying his sharp white teeth with a determined hostility that abundantly proved how little he was accustomed to society . the following : sir , ” continued she , “ and i thank you for having made such haste to bring it to me ; without this letter i should not have heard till to-morrow , perhaps after <unk> last of all paris . ” now that faria was not a lunatic , and the way in which he had achieved the discovery , which had given rise to the suspicion of his madness ,	151.3627166748047
increased edmond ’ s admiration of him ; but at the same time dantès could not believe that the deposit , supposing it had ever existed , still existed ; and though he considered the treasure as by no means chimerical , he yet believed it was no longer there . upon the stranger , and perceived a man of from forty to forty-five years of age , with black and piercing eyes , pale complexion , a strongly marked nose , and a black and <unk> mustache . monsieur de chavigny , “ it seems to me that pistache is only doing what other dogs have done when they jumped for mademoiselle de pons . ” this <unk> to all except athos he was unknown . .	163.38780212402344
” happy , yet the days these two unfortunates passed together went quickly . d ’ artagnan , ” said athos , “ do not affect to be strong-minded ; there are tears in your eyes . at the same rate , heedless about upsetting those whom he met on the road . proceeded was opposite the opening by which the count could see into the dressing-room . d ’ artagnan stopped . lackey named lubin . ” less exact to his appointment and at half-past nine o ’ clock he entered the ante-room . d ’ avrigny , “ she is indeed dead , poor child ! ” . she said . s sentence pronounced without betraying an expression of joy or pity ; then drawing her	127.97168731689453
veil over her face she bowed majestically to the councillors , and left with that dignified step which virgil attributes to his goddesses . ” slightly wounded , one on the hand , another on the ear , by the defender of the stair , who himself remained <unk> piece of skill which was worth to him , according to the rules agreed upon , three turns of favor . ? ” , ” repeated he , mechanically ; “ and why her rather than another ? ” , who was questioning him upon the details of his expedition , and every one was listening to his account , when d ’ artagnan and porthos were perceived at the door , behind the cardinal . electronically , the	139.76605224609375
person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund . gentlemen , ” said mordaunt , impatiently , “ let us depart . ” ! ’ i did not understand . even he himself did not believe . is now our friend ? ” its own particular apartment for the reception of guests ; it is a long rectangle , divided by two upright gratings placed at a distance of three feet from one another to prevent a visitor from shaking hands with or passing anything to the prisoners . to this marriage , and i should not be at all surprised if what we have just seen and heard is nothing	150.57388305664062
but the execution of a plan concerted between them . ” already traveled eleven leagues , d ’ artagnan thought it time to stop , whether porthos were or were not in the inn . ask you , ” replied the baroness with a beating heart . shared his master ’ s apprehensions . the château . chimed in la carconte , ‘ they will have a wretched night of it . ’ planchet , “ you must know ; but , perhaps you ought not to <unk> ” take it , then , ” said d ’ artagnan . opposed in age and interests , resembled two parts of a <unk> , presenting the <unk> of separation , yet nevertheless possessing their point of union . felton	97.458740234375
, “ i can do but one thing , which is to pity you if you prove to me you are a victim ! been a man , you would not have let him go from here . ’ the earth , a man without fortune , a man without family , a soldier accustomed to inns , cabarets , taverns , and <unk> , a lover of wine forced to depend upon chance <unk> about to partake of family meals , to enjoy the pleasures of a comfortable establishment , and to give himself up to those little attentions which “ the harder one is , the more they please , ” as old soldiers say . disgrace of m. de morcerf affect me ? were the	157.22340393066406
daughter of a banker , he might take an interest in the house of the father-in-law of his son ; then again , if he disliked his choice , the major takes the key , <unk> his coffer , and master andrea would be obliged to live like the sons of a parisian family , by <unk> cards or rattling the dice . ” andrea cavalcanti ? ” asked danglars in amazement . in a direction in which a small vessel was making sail towards the southern point of corsica . i will blow out your brains ! ” fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing project gutenberg™ electronic works provided that : last word with such a man . vaugirard , the other rue	188.6853485107422
de la harpe . ” t concern me ; it relates to mademoiselle marie michon . ” the notary . ” not leave this place , ’ said he . milady . i tell ? , ” answered planchet , alighting , and extending his arms to mousqueton , the two servants embraced with an emotion which touched those who were present and made them suppose that planchet was a great lord in disguise , so highly did they estimate the position of mousqueton . sensation throughout the house ; madame de villefort would not believe it , and valentine was thunderstruck . his last orders ; take the least thing , drink a finger of wine , and let us be gone . ” already mounted .	120.53506469726562
said the count , returning his tablets to his pocket , “ make yourself perfectly easy ; the hand of your <unk> will not be more accurate in <unk> the time than myself . ” of the <unk> of the first journey , and he looked upon everybody he met on the road as an enemy . . should be struck ? ” said athos . ! ” thought d ’ artagnan . quite another thing , then . . ” i could but speak greek , your conversation , added to the <unk> which surrounds me , would furnish an evening of such delight as it would be impossible for me ever to forget . ” . ” in the united states , you will have to	77.3460464477539
check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook . glance with the young girl , which was quite unperceived by albert . saw close to the panes the pale face of athos , and screamed . over the long white avenues ; the silence of earth and heaven is alone broken by the noise made by the crackling branches of hedges planted around the monuments ; then follows the melancholy <unk> of the priests , mingled now and then with a sob of anguish , escaping from some woman concealed behind a mass of flowers . maintained the speed at which he started ; but when out of sight he turned his horse to the right , made a circuit , and	231.03964233398438
came back within twenty paces of a high hedge to watch the passage of the little troop . remarked danglars , affecting to pity the young man from the bottom of his heart . ” said athos , “ it is agreed . knew he must call assistance . paris without its being known in the camp ? accordance with paragraph 1.f.3 , a full refund of any money paid for a work or a replacement copy , if a defect in the electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of receipt of the work . out one ’ s inheritance somehow . ” ? ” said the count . the first attack i discovered symptoms of tetanus ; you confirmed my opinion .	160.3291778564453
” majestically , whatever remarks his companions made ; and they , finding their remarks useless , <unk> their pace by his . out to make a diversion ? so . bed for two nights ; but then look at my desk ; see what i have written during these two days and nights . said athos ; “ with your permission , monsieur , i wish to speak a word with my friend . ” be sure , ” said the gascon , “ means something . ” the gardener ’ s . misfortune , ” said de winter , “ and i shall begin to think that we are really doomed . ” bag and rushed from the inner room where he was sleeping . supported	97.97403717041016
, the young man was not without a little uneasiness as he ascended the great staircase , step by step . the letter , “ on thursday next , at from six to seven o ’ clock in the evening , on the road to chaillot , and look carefully into the carriages that pass ; but if you have any consideration for your own life or that of those who love you , do not speak a single word , do not make a movement which may lead anyone to believe you have recognized her who <unk> herself to everything for the sake of seeing you but for an instant . ” <unk> of painted wood and at a short distance from her stands the young girl	116.80514526367188
, leaning against a chair , weeping . struck a quarter to twelve ; the west wind bore on its moistened gusts the <unk> vibration of the three strokes . ? ” anxious and returned to his own room , where he summoned bernouin and desired him to fetch thither in the morning the special guard he had placed over monsieur de beaufort and to awaken him whenever he should arrive . , however certain success might <unk> to the precautions taken , and above all to the dyke , which prevented the entrance of any vessel into the besieged <unk> <unk> might last a long time yet . from those who love us . ” word that you will come too , d ’ artagnan , ”	220.48699951171875
said athos . as if to follow the carriage ; but d ’ artagnan , whose anger , already excited , was much increased by recognizing in him the englishman of amiens who had won his horse and had been very near winning his diamond of athos , caught at his bridle and stopped him . certainly ; but cavalcanti is an original who does nothing like other people . very true , mercédès , ” replied the young man , “ yes , you have been cruelly frank with me ; but do you forget that it is among the catalans a sacred law to <unk> ? ” dressed , said nothing . no , you are mistaken , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i	104.29102325439453
love my poor constance more than ever , and if i knew the place in which she is , were it at the end of the world , i would go to free her from the hands of her enemies ; but i am ignorant . this question on the old man . left , accompanied only by baptistin . dagger from the pool of blood which was gliding along the room , to the horror of all present , made a sign to the host to follow him , paid him with a generosity worthy of his master and again mounted his horse . not morcerf . ” ? ” ; i saw her put to sea the same evening we quitted marseilles . ” that best	101.64585876464844
? ” you rouse me at this hour ? ” . ” smaller ones containing various dainties . you have on your shoulders your beadle ’ s robe , and spend all your time reading your breviary . been consumed in this undertaking , the only tools for which had been a chisel , a knife , and a wooden lever ; faria still continuing to instruct dantès by conversing with him , sometimes in one language , sometimes in another ; at others , relating to him the history of nations and great men who from time to time have risen to fame and trodden the path of glory . countess g—— takes you for lord ruthven , my mother <unk> you to be <unk> or the	272.4522399902344
count saint-germain . dantès , his heart wrung with anguish . . has granted what i desire . ” service . mute as ever , drew from the pie the other poniard , the rope ladder and the gag . <unk> every day , so that now they have scarcely any . i shall know all . made a hole in the floor ; meanwhile the duke hung the crawfish up by a thread . ” said he . franz . crowd and were addressed this time to the king as well as the minister . madame de villefort can have in your remaining <unk> ? ” little confused ; i will take a turn in the garden . ” and say with an air of profound learning	135.65394592285156
, ‘ the subject has died of a <unk> on the <unk> , or of <unk> fever ! ’ ” cold , ” said porthos . of la carconte followed him as he ascended , while caderousse , on the contrary , turned his back , and seemed most anxiously to avoid even glancing at him . ” she cried , as d ’ artagnan finished , “ you dare to tell me the details of your <unk> give me an account of your treason ! ” upon his gold , and yet he had not strength enough ; for an instant he leaned his head in his hands as if to prevent his senses from leaving him , and then rushed madly about the rocks of monte	88.72962188720703
cristo , terrifying the wild goats and <unk> the <unk> with his wild cries and gestures ; then he returned , and , still unable to believe the evidence of his senses , rushed into the grotto , and found himself before this mine of gold and jewels . said the duke . establishment , of course ? ” that the delicate care of a mother , unwilling to part from her son , and yet aware that a young man of the viscount ’ s age required the full exercise of his liberty , had chosen this habitation for albert . ” be doubled at the death of the old jacobin , noirtier . ” , ” said aramis . your wish should be one impossible to	102.58145904541016
fulfill ? ” with an appearance of perfect indifference , at the same time giving a side look at valentine , which made her understand that she also was to remain in the room . ” cried mousqueton , his fat cheeks swelling out and his whole frame <unk> with joy ; “ monsieur d ’ artagnan ! rue du helder , where albert had invited the count of monte cristo , everything was being prepared on the morning of the 21st of may to do honor to the occasion . stupefied , without his doublet , and with his head bound up in a linen cloth , arose then , and urged by the host , began to descend the stairs ; but on arriving at the	108.66426086425781
kitchen , the first thing he saw was his antagonist talking calmly at the step of a heavy carriage , drawn by two large norman horses . come , ” he said , “ tell him i am from tours . ” . ’ he who introduced himself to us . ” athos , “ good ! signed , ” he said , “ what is to be my guarantee ? ” honor , ” said maximilian ; “ but that will not affect you . ” and obeyed . said danglars ; “ do you know she is going to embrace a religious life ? ” as the preceding one , perhaps even more animated and noisy ; the count appeared for an instant at his window	79.79842376708984
, but when they again passed he had disappeared . culpable and if i ask for pardon , i ought to be forgiven . ” like you had fixed all his hopes of happiness upon a woman . speak to me always in the same strain about him . ” words , as there are great men ; i have measured them . ” , ” replied athos , “ is in the service ; he is a soldier and obeys all <unk> authority . for some time , then ? ” as if no danger hovered over him , and as if he breathed his customary atmosphere . have your five hundred francs , ” said andrea ; “ but it is very hard for me ,	76.7917251586914
my poor <unk> take <unk> ” franz to his friend , “ what think you of all this ? ” to make a little excursion with the king to saint germain . ” a young voice that made athos start . glance at the first musket and saw , with a certain degree of <unk> , that it was leveled in his direction ; but as soon as he perceived that the orifice of the barrel was motionless , he threw himself upon the ground . without a shudder the approach of a gendarme who accompanied the officers deputed to demand his bill of health ere the yacht was permitted to hold communication with the shore ; but with that perfect self-possession he had acquired during his acquaintance	134.33340454101562
with faria , dantès coolly presented an english passport he had obtained from leghorn , and as this gave him a standing which a french passport would not have afforded , he was informed that there existed no obstacle to his immediate debarkation . , as i told you . long night ’ s rest , and at five o ’ clock to-morrow morning we can be again on the road . ” ” cried the lieutenant , “ if you say a word i will blow out your brains . ” albert . a cigar , and cease to defend yourself , and to struggle to escape marrying mademoiselle danglars . not be surprised had we been forestalled by cromwell . i said , ‘ my brother	140.9219207763672
was assassinated yesterday in the streets of nîmes , i know not by whom , but it is your duty to find out . me sadly , you know . ” the most sublime genius that ever upheld the <unk> of france . before the mouth of the cave , and was feeding at a little distance . ! ” cried milady , seeing that on this point as on the other lord de winter seemed well instructed . certainly , but i know how much you care for his ill-humor . boat you want , sir . opened immediately to admit him . , my dear ? ” asked milady . will put her to bed . ” praised , ” he said ; “ it is	77.24527740478516
a real bed ! ” the door ; but a strong hand pushed him back , and the carriage rolled on . the resolution he had adopted , and assured him that if on the morrow he did not appear , he himself would undertake to find him , let him be where he might . my lord duke , ” answered the officer ; “ i don ’ t know any pleasanter sight on earth than a well covered table ; and when , added to that , he who does the honors is the grandson of henry iv. , you will , my lord duke , easily comprehend that the honor fairly doubles the pleasure one enjoys . ” count , ” said albert gayly ,	138.59939575195312
arranging his cravat and wristbands , “ you are really most kind , and i hope you will consider me as under eternal obligations to you , in the first place for the carriage , and in the next for this visit , ” and he put out his hand to the count , who shuddered as he gave his own , but who nevertheless did give it . today , ” said monte cristo to her ; “ are they going to put him in the ministry ? ” out an exact <unk> of his affairs . hills enough between rome and florence by the way of aquapendente ! country ? said porthos , “ this is my usual style . ” is passed in attacks and	111.3605728149414
<unk> . me that he had recommended him to your care , in parting . ” the cause of his visit , and the service he required of him . , sire ? ” exclaimed lord leven . <unk> , mountains , <unk> who have forty thousand francs a <unk> ? ” your wife , ’ ” read d ’ artagnan ; “ ‘ she will be restored to you when there is no longer occasion for her . so , ” said the king . , albert ? ” tended toward the wall ; on the other side he found similar tracks , then <unk> of horses and then signs of a troop of cavalry which had moved away in the direction of enghien . at d	76.85630798339844
’ artagnan , who avoided it by springing to one side ; but by this movement he left a passage free to the bandit , who darted off toward the bastion . ! athos , for amid the general fright he alone had preserved the noble calmness and coolness that never forsook him , “ monseigneur , the musketeers , when they are not on duty , or when their duty is over , drink and play at dice , and they are certainly superior officers to their lackeys . ” time to pay ? ” ” are robbers , ’ said la carconte . , ” replied the young girl , “ for it is but right you should know . own way . ” went with	121.86381530761719
them , leaving porthos at play with groslow . , milady . ” the chair nearest the door , she burst into a paroxysm of sobs . been a soldier ever since i attained <unk> . stormy , a cold wind shook the few remaining yellow leaves from the boughs of the trees , and scattered them among the crowd which filled the boulevards . frightful , ” continued milady , her voice altered , as if she still experienced the same agony as at that awful minute , “ was that at this time i retained a consciousness of the danger that threatened me ; was that my soul , if i may say so , <unk> in my sleeping body ; was that i saw ,	212.4823760986328
that i heard . young man behaved himself well ? , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and i should not mind waiting in london a whole year for a chance of meeting this mordaunt in question . lips on the same spot , on the old man ’ s forehead , where valentine ’ s had been . ; and on my honor , if i had discovered that it was his son , i should have regretted having killed him . ” madame de villefort . on . ” rue des petits champs they were stopped by a second patrol . the torch , sir . ” in deep thought when some one touched him on the shoulder . the horse was lord ruthven himself	94.36481475830078
. ” does not allude to its value , although it has been estimated at 100,000 francs ; he means , that the articles contained in this purse are the relics of the angel i spoke of just now . ” my boy , on the contrary , i am pleased with your zeal . monsieur laporte , the queen ’ s _valet de chambre_ . ” anne , with a degree of <unk> which to certain persons became impertinence , “ this is the reason that you trouble me in the midst of so many <unk> concerns ! the events that had passed ; they were numerous and inauspicious . ? ” , sir , that spheres exist , and that these marked and invisible beings mingle	168.67173767089844
amongst us ? ” grew white with rage . tell him that you came from me ? ” for myself , ” said mazarin . went and lay down on a truss of straw ; and as he had more imagination than the swiss , he dreamed that aramis , having become pope , adorned his head with a cardinal ’ s hat . of him and asked if they could deliver any message for him to his brother . said albert , drawing near , and without apparently noticing cavalcanti , who stood with his back towards the <unk> “ i mean to propose a meeting in some retired corner where no one will interrupt us for ten minutes ; that will be <unk> two men having	140.8318328857422
met , one of them will remain on the ground . ” were taken . ” of the room at least twenty times , in search of an outlet of some kind ; but there was none . and <unk> louis , ” said peppino ; “ you have paid two louis in advance . ” us go on . ” the englishman , “ i have the key of that door ; ” and he opened the door , with a trembling hand , into the second compartment , where mousqueton and blaisois were preparing supper . of monsieur de conti , unable to be cardinal , he was obliged to remain a soldier . athos , passing his arm under that of d ’ artagnan ,	58.278221130371094
“ we abandon to your pious care the body of that unfortunate woman . , be not uneasy , and continue to take all the care of him that his situation requires . ” andrea , stupefied . danglars , “ there is still a sum of one hundred thousand francs ? ” when he entered ; but scarcely had she perceived him then she reseated herself in her armchair , and made a sign to her women to resume their cushions and stools , and with an air of supreme hauteur , said , “ what do you desire , monsieur , and with what object do you present yourself here ? ” by the beating of his heart , if by any mischance the jailers had	105.03108215332031
entered at that moment . for our undertaking , company would be in the way . ” richelieu , “ rest assured that particelli , the man to whom your majesty refers , has been hanged . ” irrevocably taken . , i will hear your narrative ; but today i wish to nurse you carefully . thou ? ” regain the house , assisted by your nurse . ” , overheard our conversation ? ” asked mme . , ” said d ’ artagnan , smiling . was easy to follow tracks on the snow . the duke , smiling , “ and i even believe that i know that other person ; it is— ” taken from the book , since he calls himself sinbad the	113.79155731201172
sailor , and has a cave filled with gold . ” contrary , i am not inclined to laugh , ” said athos , suppressing a sigh . took his place on the sofa , closed the open book , and placing himself in a dreadfully <unk> attitude , he began playing with the dog ; but the animal , not liking him as well as debray , and attempting to bite him , danglars seized him by the skin of his neck and threw him upon a couch on the other side of the room . do so of your own accord ? ” his turn . to be had who bear this beautiful name ? ” the count , and to express regret that he had	102.82598114013672
not returned in sufficient time ; but pastrini reassured him by saying that the count of monte cristo had ordered a second carriage for himself , and that it had gone at four o ’ clock to fetch him from the rospoli palace . . do so . ” followed by a man in a mask . revenged ! ” yours are very <unk> to be hanged . ” for instantly . ” d ’ artagnan was that his friends had never thought of this . no sword . ” in your turn , if you please ? ” , then ? ” asked mazarin . eyes had the appearance of being ready to start from their sockets ; his head fell back , and the lower extremities	61.390419006347656
of the body began to stiffen . aramis , “ and the sloop out there making ready to sail must be that which is to take us to our destination ; now , ” continued he , “ if only de winter does not keep us waiting . be dead , did you not , as i believed you to be ? calling out his guard , the swiss troops and the musketeers , and he had planted them round the palais royal , on the quays , and on the pont neuf . the anteroom or dressing-room , ” said the viscount ; “ they make the countess ill . ” but brief , every one there being wrapped in profound sleep . me ? ” said	120.70807647705078
the baroness , half jesting , half in earnest . that emetic ? ” asked the doctor . speechless ; then he remembered that these caves might have been filled up by some accident , or even stopped up , for the sake of greater security , by cardinal spada . and down his cell . me , gentlemen . ” i , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ it is i , whom god has sent to watch over you . ” , what do you ask ? ” to be shot in a box . ” said , “ break your sword . ” <unk> were grated ; he had changed his prison for another that was conveying him he knew not whither . man	78.667724609375
, and repent . ” the prisoner could perceive the houses and the pavement , that was all ; but , true parisian as he was , bonacieux could recognize every street by the <unk> , the signs , and the lamps . , for his madness is amusing . ” with monte cristo , “ my dear count , ” said he , “ allow me to commence my services as _cicerone_ by showing you a specimen of a bachelor ’ s apartment . the count . been more expeditious than you , and here are monsieur de flamarens and monsieur de chatillon , who bring me from her majesty the queen anne of austria , the very latest intelligence . ” it not ? ” ”	98.46096801757812
the procurator ’ s wife ; she doubted not there was an intrigue between this lady and porthos . gentlemen ; answer and exculpate yourselves , for i stand here to accuse you . ” ? —nothing . to seven , ” returned the duke ( suiting the action to the words ) , “ i raise the crust of the pie ; i find in it two poniards , a ladder of rope , and a gag . and paper , ” muttered fernand . been through , he foresaw all that raoul might suffer ; and the expression of the deep and tender compassion which throbbed in his heart was pictured in the moist eye with which he gazed on the young man . claims to	190.90623474121094
the <unk> ? ” not egotistical , we will return to our comrades and draw lots for her . ’ baron danglars , rue de la chaussée d ’ antin . ” propose so doing , ” answered de bragelonne . ” answered the voice of her he sought . street he met mousqueton and took him with him . man or devil , body or shadow , illusion or reality , this man is born for my damnation ; for his flight has caused us to miss a glorious affair , <unk> affair by which there were a hundred pistoles , and perhaps more , to be gained . ” as far as our horses can go and afterward we can take the post . ? _	151.2094268798828
there is yours , my dear friend , ” replied d ’ artagnan . dowry had been mentioned , morrel had been silent and sad . were completely empty . has diverted our attention from them . ” continued he , speaking to himself with all the <unk> that he thought due himself , “ if you escape , of which there is not much chance , i would advise you to practice perfect politeness for the future . valentine is going to marry you that he is angry , but because she will marry , a union with any other would have caused him the same sorrow . ; i would be alone . valentine , “ you might meet someone ; stay . ” faculties ,	89.89972686767578
for he can neither move nor speak , nevertheless he thinks , acts , and wills in the manner i have described . wish it . ” to announce me , mademoiselle , ” returned the englishman . i am on the point of marrying a young girl i have been attached to for three <unk> ” villefort , impassive as he was , was struck with this coincidence ; and the tremulous voice of dantès , surprised in the midst of his happiness , struck a sympathetic chord in his own <unk> also was on the point of being married , and he was summoned from his own happiness to destroy that of another . to address the guards , dantès turned to the nearest gendarme ,	126.33008575439453
and taking his hand , them , my lord , or do you think they have been stolen ? ” the face so expressive even in its stillness ; then she ventured to raise the coverlet and press her hand upon the young girl ’ s heart . of their journey . ” , accidentally or purposely , albert ’ s mask fell off . the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete , old , middle-aged and new computers . , he would rather tear him to pieces with his teeth and nails than let him enjoy the life he himself is about to be deprived of . reflected that a man who had the least intention to	196.63893127441406
betray would not warn first . tell you what kind of service he requires of you . ” ” mademoiselle , ” said barrois , “ i am dying with thirst , and since you are so kind as to offer it me , i can not say i should at all object to drinking your health in a glass of it . ” and as many musketeers and ran to the carriage , from which he made the people inside dismount , and brought them to the vehicle which had upset . the establishment of athos . silence of my apartments , —for instance , i see all the newspapers , every <unk> , as well as every new piece of music ; and by thus watching	129.47665405273438
the course of the life of others , i learned what had transpired this morning in the house of peers , and what was to take place this evening ; then i wrote . ’ villefort covered his face with his hands . you , ” said the young man , evidently embarrassed how to begin the conversation ; “ yes , everyone in my family is well . ” ” said the monk . viscount , ” said monte cristo , “ i have an infallible remedy to propose to you . ” shadow in the gloom ; she supported herself with one hand upon the arm of the chair , and advanced her head as if to meet a certainty . ! ” replied lord de	60.627479553222656
winter , making a bow , half courteous , half ironical ; “ it is i , myself . ” which i understood , but the king ’ s guards must have noticed it and held themselves on guard . , grateful for the <unk> meeting with planchet , pleased with himself , d ’ artagnan reached notre dame . good opportunity for escape ; he called out his name and cried for help . returned franz , “ or i shall go myself and bargain with your <unk> , who is mine also ; he is an old friend of mine , who has plundered me pretty well already , and , in the hope of making more out of me , he will take a less	121.79689025878906
price than the one i offer you ; you will lose the preference , and that will be your fault . ” in <unk> an enterprise like that ? ” <unk> , pale with fatigue and vexation , milady saw only the blue coasts of <unk> appear . with bare sword was <unk> the musketeers behind the king and opposite the benches . he said . bread ! ” he called . ” cried one of the guards , “ will you persist in saying , most discreet aramis , that you are not on good terms with madame de bois-tracy , when that gracious lady has the kindness to lend you one of her handkerchiefs ? ” startled by a noise as if a tumult were approaching	161.46141052246094
. that valentine did not know she had left the room . so , ” at length said eugénie ; “ return by the same road you came , and we will say nothing about you , unhappy wretch . ” ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . ” said he . , ” said porthos ; “ by my <unk> do i remember it either . ” speak boldly , ” replied louis . abbé busoni . ’ ” , but when a chief presents himself he rarely has to wait long for a band of followers . with us without knowing our names , ” said athos , “ by the same token that you won our horses . ” the ground and sat down with	85.29273223876953
a shake of the head . evening a hundred <unk> scarron was at his hundredth bon mot on the subject ; he was very nearly at the end of his <unk> <unk> , but one despairing effort saved him . go with me , ” added d ’ artagnan , “ and i will see that you are made a duke ! ” porthos . , 1628 , the <unk> was signed . a friend—— ” ’ s color rose and mazarin grew even paler . it had disappeared . love you ? ” said monte cristo , taking the young man ’ s hand affectionately in his . d ’ artagnan , “ i did not see that ; it was the sword of the comte de	65.51200103759766
wardes which made that hole , when he gave me a good thrust in the breast . ” before , a fever had seized him in the midst of the parliament , while he was holding his bed of justice . . many thanks for the drive of yesterday ; but , after all , i ought not to blame you for the misconduct of your horses , more especially as it procured me the pleasure of an introduction to the count of monte cristo , —and certainly that illustrious personage , apart from the millions he is said to be so very anxious to dispose of , seemed to me one of those curiously interesting problems i , for one , delight in <unk> at any risk	148.91610717773438
, even if it were to necessitate another drive to the bois behind your horses . paris , had <unk> and provisions thrown over the walls . what he died ! ” asked d ’ avrigny , placing his hand on noirtier ’ s shoulder . ! ” manner can i make advances first ? ” ” said monte cristo , “ such an innocent looking person as you are to do those things , m. bertuccio , and to a king ’ s attorney at that ! word ? my impatience . ” if it suits me . shall see her , ” said beauchamp , “ or do you keep <unk> as well as mutes ? ” ’ artagnan , turning toward the door , which	82.41374206542969
had just opened , “ here is monsieur du vallon , who comes with his coat torn . ” would do me good . ” , so take grimaud . ” authorization with great pleasure , for she is very <unk> to the little girl , to whom she intends to be more serviceable hereafter . and bayard , followed by mousqueton on phoebus , and arrived at the palais royal at about a quarter to seven . took he disturbed the lizards glittering with the hues of the emerald ; afar off he saw the wild goats bounding from crag to crag . mass of rocks , that resembled nothing so much as a vast fire petrified at the moment of its most fervent <unk> . any	202.53729248046875
suspicion against one of my musketeers , ” said tréville , “ the justice of monsieur the cardinal is so well known that i demand an inquiry . ” superior of the convent sent to inform the musketeers that the burial would take place at midday . d ’ artagnan , “ let us give the money to the lackeys , as lord de winter desired us to do . ” the separation of two hearts formed by god for each other . ” to you ; i succeeded in <unk> your name under the blood with which the letter was stained , ” replied monte cristo , amid the general outburst of amazement . i have always had a great taste for <unk> . ” not hear	96.4208755493164
all we said ? ” inquired caderousse . gives them into our hands , ” answered groslow . ? ” to do at portsmouth ? ” asked milady . became weary of the king , granted this leave of absence with great pleasure to his royal lieutenant , who promised to return about the fifteenth of september . ” said the count , “ come. ” morrel mechanically followed the count , and they had entered the grotto before he perceived it . , then , and cause maximilian ’ s death ? ” louis for you . ” not , like you , for instance , settle on any fixed plan . ” hour , i will hasten to this spot , you can easily get over	98.58616638183594
this fence with my assistance , a carriage will await us at the gate , in which you will accompany me to my sister ’ s ; there living , retired or mingling in society , as you wish , we shall be enabled to use our power to resist <unk> , and not suffer ourselves to be put to death like sheep , which only defend themselves by sighs . ” than any of us by your wisdom and your counsels , always followed by such happy results . ” regard you as my son : well , then , to save my son , i will sacrifice my life , nay , even my fortune . ” morrel , “ make haste . you , monsieur	111.00700378417969
. ” think of holding out against a whole regiment , do you ? ” said porthos . friends met with m. de tréville , who was returning from st. germain ; he stopped them to offer his compliments upon their appointments , which in an instant drew round them a hundred <unk> . my friend ; take the hundred pistoles ! ” said the young man . was occupied . said the jeweller , as he placed himself at table , ‘ all i can say is , so much the worse for those who are abroad . ’ ” your excellency , ” said peppino , with an eagerness which danglars thought favorable to him . as if to seize the king , but before they	75.48709869384766
could touch him with the tips of their fingers , both had fallen , one dead , the other stunned . he was about to land , without any other escort than these men , on an island which had , indeed , a very religious name , but which did not seem to franz likely to afford him much hospitality , thanks to the smugglers and bandits . fifty <unk> devote three years to a labor which , if successful , would conduct you to a precipice overhanging the <unk> plunge into the waves from the height of fifty , sixty , perhaps a hundred feet , at the risk of being dashed to pieces against the rocks , should you have been fortunate enough to have	189.3931427001953
escaped the fire of the sentinels ; and even , supposing all these perils past , then to have to swim for your life a distance of at least three miles ere you could reach the <unk> difficulties so startling and formidable that dantès had never even dreamed of such a scheme , resigning himself rather to death . bound to say , was graciously granted ; which compels us here to give a public contradiction to the <unk> who pretend that we live under a government but moderately indulgent to men of letters . your promise ! ” interrupted monte cristo . indeed ; we should be hard to please if we were not . the four bottles were empty and this excellent specific succeeded in dissipating	352.51702880859375
even the slightest cloud that might have rested on their spirits . , with two fingers spread out . to complete the seduction of felton . ? ” grumbled porthos . on the contrary , be seated ; but what is the matter with you ? the youth in an attitude full of tender melancholy ; he looked long on this young man , whose smiling mouth and half closed eyes bespoke soft dreams and <unk> slumber , as if his guardian angel watched over him with solicitude and affection . let us <unk> must trust to you . ” finding a father , all the delight of a mistress seeing an adored lover , were felt by haydée during the first moments of this meeting , which	216.33026123046875
she had so eagerly expected . ten branches . those puritans , half preacher and half soldier , who <unk> around cromwell . dantès , but in providence , who , while <unk> the power of man , has filled him with boundless desires . are rising faster than they have any business to do , and that they would not be so black if they didn ’ t mean <unk> ’ — ‘ that ’ s my opinion too , ’ said the captain , ‘ and i ’ ll take precautions accordingly . said she , “ and be accursed ! ” the café rospoli will be hung with white damask , bearing a red cross . ” in the count of morcerf ’ s antechamber	161.7207794189453
, a footman , the same who at rome had brought the count ’ s card to the two young men , and announced his visit , sprang into the vestibule , and when he arrived at the door the illustrious traveller found his carriage awaiting him . traveled all night , at seven o ’ clock she was at the fort of the point ; at eight o ’ clock she had <unk> ; and at nine , the vessel , which with letters of <unk> from the cardinal was supposed to be sailing for bayonne , raised anchor , and steered its course toward england . excellent one to the citizens , who , seeing the conveyance without escort and unarmed , would never have believed	116.48809814453125
in the possibility of so great an imprudence . that he has given you satisfactory reasons for his landing at porto-ferrajo ? ” albert , “ you became the property of this man ? ” were heard in an <unk> hard by , and the branches of <unk> and rose <unk> formed an exquisite framework to the blue velvet curtains . ? happens to every man once in his life , have been taken by satan into the highest mountain in the earth , and when there he showed me all the kingdoms of the world , and as he said before , so said he to me , ‘ child of earth , what wouldst thou have to make thee adore me ? ’ i reflected long	169.18341064453125
, for a gnawing ambition had long <unk> upon me , and then i replied , ‘ listen , —i have always heard of providence , and yet i have never seen him , or anything that resembles him , or which can make me believe that he exists . . sir , —on the contrary , ” said louis xviii. , “ this affair seems to me to have a decided connection with that which occupies our attention , and the death of general quesnel will , perhaps , put us on the direct track of a great internal <unk> ” at the name of general quesnel , villefort trembled . such things , i only shrug my shoulders and say nothing . ” leave her house	189.24942016601562
, ” said the steward . for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works , reports , performances and research . that <unk> us . . ” besides , every millionaire is as noble as a <unk> is , he can be . ” to be _decapitato_ ; 4 and he , your excellency , is poor peppino . ” of m. de tréville six days instead of four , and introduced into these six days two more <unk> they set out on the twenty-fourth at five o ’ clock in the evening , and as a further kindness m. de tréville <unk> the leave to the morning of the twenty-fifth . madame , when i am commanded by so gentle a voice . ” your	138.1664581298828
account and mine , 100,000 francs . a woman ’ s age by her face , it is useless to ask it ; when you can not do so , it is indiscreet . ” you ! ” hastily , rang the bell to pay the thirty francs he owed to the landlord , and offering his arm to his mother , they descended the stairs . and perhaps he will have news of athos . ” <unk> which was covered by the floor of that room in which athos , porthos and aramis were to pass the night ; the second was to serve as the sleeping-room for the servants , the third , under the prow of the ship , was under the temporary cabin in	89.90697479248047
which mordaunt was concealed . upon the formalities of the police and the idleness of the <unk> . and had also picked up a little of the romaic dialect during voyages to the east ; and by the aid of these two languages he easily comprehended the construction of all the others , so that at the end of six months he began to speak spanish , english , and german . thank thee that he knows me only . ” her stepmother threatening her , then morrel stretched his arms towards her ; sometimes mere strangers , like the count of monte cristo came to visit her ; even the very furniture , in these moments of delirium , seemed to move , and this state lasted	170.99583435058594
till about three o ’ clock in the morning , when a deep , heavy slumber overcame the young girl , from which she did not awake till daylight . go out with haydée , and sometimes even take her to the <unk> ” , ” cried d ’ artagnan . for me ? ” inquired d ’ artagnan , wishing to signify to the hostess that her lamentations were superfluous and that therefore she had better spare him demonstrations of her grief . , opened it , and found valentine stretched out at the bottom of the stairs . time perhaps she will follow your advice . ” have three sons ; i should make the first a nobleman , like athos ; the second a good	109.31065368652344
soldier , like porthos ; the third an excellent abbé , like aramis . charming journey the other day , when it <unk> bullets and produced a crop of steel traps ! ” d ’ avrigny approached nearer , and noirtier said “ yes ” with his eyes . you there . that morrel ’ s agitation would not escape the count ’ s penetrating eye . cristo dantès started with joy ; he rose to conceal his emotion , and took a turn around the smoky tavern , where all the languages of the known world were <unk> in a <unk> <unk> . does not come , it will be because he has been delayed , that ’ s all . very lightly of it ; i	152.87428283691406
should like to see you with a brief preparing in your house . ” , good little creature ! ” said milady . information prove correct , a sort of bonapartist conspiracy has just been discovered . ” leave the country ; but to leave the country , to fly together , to reach another part of france , where they might live at ease because unknown , money was necessary . to send me fifty louis or so , of which i stood absolutely in need on account of my accident . ” of ten days you would have taken a <unk> , at the end of twenty days , increasing another milligramme , you would have taken three hundred <unk> ; that is to say ,	121.24374389648438
a dose which you would support without inconvenience , and which would be very dangerous for any other person who had not taken the same precautions as yourself . countenance and his lips , awaited the result of the examination . three , but it appears to me we are four . ” him , ” answered caderousse . entered , without even knocking at the door . you to understand . honest man , full of courage and real regard . waited till now ? marie michon had supper with her follower , and then , in accordance with the permission given her , she entered the chamber of her host , kitty meanwhile taking possession of an armchair in the room first entered , where they	136.214111328125
had taken their supper . ” ” answered danglars . a young man followed by a lackey with two extra horses , advanced respectfully to the door . kept the crowd at bay ; at last comminges appeared , pushing broussel before him . <unk> i will find him , i swear , were it in hell ! ” you say , athos and aramis are in real danger , this is not the time to abandon them . he reached <unk> and stopped for breakfast . , during his stay at leghorn , that he ran no risk of recognition ; moreover , he had now the means of <unk> any disguise he thought proper . was near making milady lose her credit with the cardinal ,	149.36349487304688
kitty knew nothing about it ; but this time d ’ artagnan was better informed than she was . , ” cried debray . struck deeply in his heart . eternal sleeper ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , irritated that any one could <unk> during the day , when he had the greatest difficulty in sleeping during the night . not a wit ? two days left ; that when once the order was signed by <unk> buckingham would sign it the more readily from its bearing a false name , and he could not , therefore , recognize the woman in <unk> this order was signed , we say , the baron would make her embark immediately , and she knew very well that women condemned	149.6691436767578
to exile employ arms much less powerful in their seductions than the <unk> virtuous woman whose beauty is lighted by the sun of the world , whose style the voice of fashion <unk> , and whom a <unk> of aristocracy <unk> with enchanting <unk> . ! ” said athos , emptying and <unk> his glass . at his precaution in taking the timber , for without it he would have been unable , perhaps , to reach the <unk> to return to shore , should he be unsuccessful in attracting attention . circle <unk> lines , and seemed as much absorbed in his problem as archimedes was when the soldier of <unk> slew him . you have said ) the count andrea cavalcanti , son of major bartolomeo	216.1457977294922
cavalcanti , a descendant of the cavalcanti whose names are inscribed in the golden book at florence . to lord de winter , who , kissing it respectfully , went out and traversed alone and <unk> those large , dark and deserted apartments , brushing away tears which , blase as he was by fifty years spent as a courtier , he could not withhold at the spectacle of royal distress so dignified , yet so intense . theirs . ” ’ épinay ? ” , for should your eminence be mistaken , there might ensue most grave results for all of us . ” de tréville , touched more than ever by his paternal solicitude for his musketeers . what my wife said , monseigneur . ”	227.24412536621094
although they had not seen each other for eight days , and during that time serious events had taken place in which both were concerned , accosted each other with a degree of preoccupation . d ’ artagnan even more earnestly than before . not that ; he has plenty , and to spare , for supper ; but he makes one condition , and rather a peculiar one , before he will receive you at his house . ” examining this portrait with no less care than he had bestowed upon the other , when another door opened , and he found himself opposite to the count of morcerf in person . we have said , perceived a hole in that place and in this hole the	133.6688232421875
steps of a winding staircase . exclaimed at the same moment athos and aramis , <unk> as they addressed the duc de beaufort , whilst d ’ artagnan and porthos stepped backward . , “ a treasure is not a thing we need hurry about . ” plan of attack against the cardinal . monsieur the chevalier , ” replied kitty , emboldened by the kiss in the first place , and still further by the expression of the eyes of the young man , “ is that in love , everyone for herself ! ” last-named sum . your account , that if by mischance a musketeer is arrested , france is in danger . useless . cried bonacieux , “ follow you at this hour !	98.3355941772461
to say ? priests struggling and raving like a wild beast , and striving desperately to break the cords that bound his hands . assassin of felton , assassin of my brother , i demand justice upon you , and i swear that if it be not granted to me , i will execute it myself . ” ” said athos , “ but this child comes in the name of heaven . ” pompous address , uttered with a degree of energy that left the baron almost out of breath , he bowed to the assembled party and withdrew to his drawing-room , whose sumptuous furnishings of white and gold had caused a great sensation in the chaussée d ’ antin . am not jealous . ”	158.0738983154297
” said porthos . account i gave you advice , which naturally you took care not to adopt . ” here. ” and at the same minute a carriage with smoking horses , accompanied by two mounted gentlemen , arrived at the gate , which opened before them . it , ” said the count ; “ haydée is almost as civilized as a parisian ; the smell of a havana is disagreeable to her , but the tobacco of the east is a most delicious perfume , you know . ” . planchet , “ like the famous ass of <unk> . the countess g—— , who had just arrived , and was leaning on the arm of signor torlonia , the duke ’ s brother .	103.77278900146484
in aramis ’ s eyes , as brief as the shadow that had passed over his face , but not so brief but that it was seen by d ’ artagnan . memory and a long arm ; you may depend upon it , he will repay you by some ill turn . ” and read : this moment , and perhaps it is already too late . ” asylum of it , similar to that founded by the count of <unk> at palermo . money , which was formerly designed to promote the comfort and tranquillity of the woman i adored , may now , through strange and painful circumstances , be devoted to the same purpose . the sword with her hands ; but d ’	121.52469635009766
artagnan kept it free from her grasp , and presenting the point , sometimes at her eyes , sometimes at her breast , compelled her to glide behind the bedstead , while he aimed at making his retreat by the door which led to kitty ’ s apartment . man , with black mustaches , dark eyes , and the air of a gentleman . ” said ? ” was at <unk> , count , is the old sailor you saw in the garden , and who , from quartermaster , has become <unk> , when he was at trieste , saw on the quay an englishman , who was on the point of embarking on board a yacht , and he recognized him as the person who	111.55232238769531
called on my father the fifth of june , 1829 , and who wrote me this letter on the fifth of september . artagnan found to his own taste in the rue tiquetonne at the sign of the roe . <unk> chapter xxxvi . , yes , ” said the cardinal , with that paternal tone which he sometimes knew how to assume , but which deceived none who knew him ; “ and as you have been unjustly suspected , well , you must be <unk> . ” said du tremblay . , and it has continued to increase during the last fifteen years , till extraordinary and unexpected catastrophes have suddenly overturned it , —without any fault of mine , i can honestly declare . rochefort	175.580810546875
has become a better man than i am ? ” he said to himself . of the english ranks , fell upon athos , twined arms of steel around him , and tearing his sword from him , said in his ear : will put on an air of mourning and he will pluck for us his black fowls . ” lord , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ accept it as it is given . d ’ artagnan , “ you must render me a service . ” , viscount , if you please ; i do not patronize m. <unk> least , not as concerns m. danglars . ” , how are madeleine and antoinette ? ” home ? ” inquired danglars . lord ,	69.3666763305664
accept it , ” said aramis . with joy as the miser who finds a lost treasure , or as the shipwrecked mariner who feels himself on solid ground instead of in the abyss which he expected would swallow him up . the jury , who in turn looked at villefort . has his foot on the cellar door . ” monte cristo , “ that you have fortified yourself against all painful excitement , prepare yourself , my dear m. cavalcanti , to meet your lost andrea . ” certain laporte . ” one day called out by some <unk> <unk> , who has no more real cause of quarrel with me than you have with beauchamp ; he may take me to task for some foolish	193.44692993164062
trifle or other , he will bring his witnesses , or will insult me in some public place , and i am expected to kill him for all that . ” , then , with me , sir ? ” ? ” d ’ artagnan ; let us save the woman . ” ” which must be taken to its address . ” replied the jesuit . carriage his military cloak , in which two swords were wrapped , and , shutting the door , he took his seat by the side of the coachman . fact , touched the cardinal in the tenderest point . and said , hesitatingly : morrel , changing his expression of calmness for one of <unk> “ well , and if i	81.38627624511719
do intend to turn this pistol against myself , who shall prevent <unk> will dare prevent me ? thus doubled his income . faith of a minister . ” reply ? ” ! only , ” he said , “ we should be rich directly . ” gasps . for us , baptistin , ” said the count . going ? ” boat ? ” tonight , ” continued monte cristo , “ and will , no doubt , wish to rest . said , without having recovered the use of his hand and foot , had regained all the clearness of his understanding , and had gradually , besides the moral instructions we have detailed , taught his youthful companion the patient and sublime duty of a	121.6807861328125
prisoner , who learns to make something from nothing . said , “ are you in pain ? ” , ” said the coadjutor , “ believe me , i am truly concerned for the misfortune which has happened to you . ” assist your researches , ” said maximilian . noirtier to receive news of valentine , and , extraordinary as it seemed , each day found him less uneasy . clock in the morning , and daylight began to appear . but they pointed out the asylum , which was situated at the upper end of the rue d ’ enfer , and after having taken the precaution of cutting the linen in two pieces , so that one of the two letters which marked it	89.20726776123047
was on the piece wrapped around the child , while the other remained in my possession , i rang the bell , and fled with all speed . tent , reclining on a truss of hay , of which his horse stole some mouthfuls ; the young man ’ s eyes were red and he seemed dejected . ” said the duke , “ give some particulars of the plan for our escape . ” if , indeed , you should have another ) will find you at liberty . an effort . in his turn , without losing sight of the young man . continued athos , “ the cardinal—the true cardinal , the other <unk> one fine morning to arrest poor marie michon and send her	135.06678771972656
to the chateau de <unk> . . ” and relate your secrets , but , as for me , i do not like anyone who is alarmed by such <unk> , and i do not choose that my servants should be afraid to walk in the garden of an evening . , and , with an indignant expression of pride and modest fear , exclaimed : you will be hung ! ” baroness , who was chatting with madame de villefort , who had come alone , valentine being still an invalid ; and without turning aside , so clear was the road left for him , he passed from the baroness to eugénie , whom he complimented in such rapid and measured terms , that the proud	104.20861053466797
artist was quite struck . the sensations of the moment . to you , my dear porthos ? ” continued d ’ artagnan . most graciously welcomed , while eugénie received him with her accustomed coldness . through the crowd without a mask , and the ribbons of his doublet scarcely tied . then , ” returned lucien ; “ for i am <unk> low . ” longer in possession of your senses ? to quit my uniform , and the jesuit entreated me to get him made a musketeer . ” government ? ” of whom i spoke , ” said the doctor to d ’ avrigny . ! ” replied athos , smiling . ” cried milady , “ must i name him again ? citizens	75.67176055908203
, headed by one man , had attacked a carriage which was escorted by a troop of the cardinal ’ s <unk> ; but a reinforcement having come up , the assailants had been put to flight and the leader had taken refuge in the hotel next to his lodgings ; the house was now being searched . said the coadjutor , “ want it to be thought that i do not speak to him . <unk> <unk> . ; he has , i believe , two hundred thousand francs in morrel ’ s hands , and if there be any grounds for apprehension , as this is a greater amount than mine , you will most probably find him better informed than myself . ” what you	107.20104217529297
assert ? ” the count , “ have you ever seen me fire a pistol ? ” she was of the color of ashes . they had leave to do , with the servants and peasants . you ? ” asked he of edmond . , for it was taken from me with some others which i see in that packet . ” will tell you . morrel , “ i thought this mixture , of which you now take four spoonfuls , was prepared for m. noirtier ? ” dantès did not now think of his dinner , but he insisted that his comrades , who had not his reasons for fasting , should have their meal . of mademoiselle danglars , i hope ; you would	81.60568237304688
not like poor andrea to have his throat cut by albert ? ” which in the first moment of strong emotion enables them to see distinctly , and which afterwards fails from being too much taxed . ? ” screamed milady . friends sitting at table before a good fire , drinking a bottle of port and devouring a cold chicken . of it for him , since i only lend him my name . ” three friends had remained open-mouthed , their eyes dilated , their arms extended like statues , and , motionless as they were , the beating of their hearts was audible . mutual esteem ; but the queen , who at first sanctioned their affection , changed her mind , and monsieur ,	212.5458221435547
the duc d ’ orleans , who had encouraged the familiarity between them , has forbidden his daughter to think any more about the union . ’ artagnan rushed between them like a dart . recovered . the look of a man desiring an explanation . the pallor and anguish expressed on his countenance momentarily increased . the duties of the post . ” aramis , at whose residence he had not been since the famous evening on which he had followed mme . your way ? ” he said to the executioner , raising his long locks ; “ if so , they can be tied up . ” ” said the host , “ a person in a great hurry wishes to speak to one of	113.08118438720703
you . ” boring one ’ s self with so many things ? ” said the latter . in a night of love , as it has been given to you . ” know me ; i have done all in my power to oppose it . ” to a room on the ground floor of a pavilion , at the end of the orangery . , and i intend building upon this foundation a miraculous certainty for the future . ” . ” said lord de winter , presenting d ’ artagnan to his sister , “ a young gentleman who has held my life in his hands , and who has not abused his advantage , although we have been twice enemies , although it was	62.94186019897461
i who insulted him , and although i am an englishman . word , then ? ” words by the gift of two gold pieces , which produced a torrent of thanks and blessings from the concierge . without his sword and kept in sight by comminges , followed the cardinal in silence . over , the coadjutor , without stopping to change his <unk> dress , took his way toward that old tower which he knew so well . he added , “ you , who may be called the emperor , if i claim the title of king of finance , have you many pieces of paper of this size , each worth a million ? ” unfortunate being ? ” asked renée . the drama	135.7547607421875
has gone through all the <unk> i named ; but be easy , no blood will flow . ” these suspicions to any person beside myself ? ” one i believe , since here we are ! ” times round the place royale , turning at every ten steps to look at the light in milady ’ s apartment , which was to be seen through the blinds . ” said madame de villefort when valentine was gone , “ she makes me very uneasy , and i should not be astonished if she had some serious illness . ” to me ? he attempted to kill the turnkey , who took his food to him . ” small dose is a remedy , a large one is	117.38969421386719
poison . in flanders . great , you rascal ; you are to marry the daughter of danglars . ” , it is merely a title . the honor to remain here . ” it , ” said athos . of his patron , respectfully placed the arm of his affianced bride within that of m. morrel , who , forthwith conducting her up the flight of wooden steps leading to the chamber in which the feast was prepared , was gayly followed by the guests , beneath whose heavy tread the slight structure creaked and groaned for the space of several minutes . pronounced with such enthusiasm and evident truth , that every eye was fixed on the count ’ s forehead , and he himself passed	161.98255920410156
his hand across it , as if he felt ali ’ s blood still <unk> there . my own brother ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , as if carried away by his enthusiasm . perfectly solvent , ” replied danglars , with an almost mocking smile ; “ but the word <unk> , in financial affairs , is so extremely vague . ” ” he asked , pointing to the captain ’ s cabin . his brow ; it seemed to him a dream . my dearest friends . ” end of the yard , on the left , on the third story . ” ; but , as you have said , two that are a match for twenty , ” said athos . say ,	60.3480224609375
what i know . ” astonishment . d ’ artagnan , “ that ’ s settled already ; i will be responsible for the barony . ” she to whom the cardinal addressed this flattering compliment , “ if , in spite of all these reasons , the duke does not give way and continues to menace france ? ” accursed ! ” giulio , with your fears ; and what are you afraid of , then ? ” ” let us attend to what is most pressing . ” off , and conducted me to a gloomy spot , called the catacombs of saint sebastian . ” ” provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund .	123.1872329711914
is merely a simple question , when this sort of people marry their sons , do they give them any fortune ? ” king ’ s attorney , is informed by a friend of the throne and religion , that one edmond dantès , mate of the ship _pharaon_ , arrived this morning from smyrna , after having touched at naples and porto-ferrajo , has been intrusted by murat with a letter for the usurper , and by the usurper with a letter for the bonapartist committee in paris . . ” _morbleu ! _ we must not leave a flag in the hands of the enemy , even if that flag be but a napkin . ” danglars , “ give me leave to present to you	145.26747131347656
the count of monte cristo , who has been most warmly recommended to me by my correspondents at rome . villefort , after the first salutations were over , “ you were sent for by m. noirtier , whom you see here . mousqueton , “ the man you upset is getting up . ” replied haydée , “ i never will leave you , for i am sure i could not exist without you . ” to comply with a good grace , so he took the pen , ink , and paper peppino offered him , wrote the draft , and signed it . was established , they set about driving the english from the isle . the queen , trembling and very cold , drew	102.1460189819336
from his bosom , inclosed in the same case , the order set in diamonds which the queen had given to lord de winter and the wedding ring which charles i. before his death had placed in the hands of aramis . leaned out to listen . the fair unknown would reply in the same manner . . ” what is it you want with me ? had gradually decreased , and a light breeze arose , seeming like the respiration of nature on awakening from the burning siesta of the south . dying , my lord ? ” said she . would be the means of increasing the zeal of his two defenders if he procured them personal thanks from the queen , motioned them to follow	140.22914123535156
him . sincere friend ; i love him devotedly . ? ” continued the president . , how shall i know where you are ? ” commission , word for word , my lord . ” his knees , to again kiss the feet of his preserver ; but d ’ artagnan , who had no longer a motive for staying so near the enemy , abridged the testimonials of his gratitude . valentine is rich in right of her mother , and that she will , in all probability , inherit the fortune of m. and madame de saint-méran , her mother ’ s parents , who both love her tenderly . ” ? general who contemplates at the same time victory and defeat , and who	102.5207748413086
is quite prepared , according to the chances of the battle , to march forward or to beat a retreat . my friend ; this youth is an orphan , deserted by his mother , who left him in the house of a poor country priest . consolation ? ” done , dear grandpapa , that you should be angry with me ? ” cried valentine . over the body of your daughter . ” the rue st. honoré in order to purchase some rouge for madame de chevreuse . the captain , “ we can agree very well , if you are reasonable . ” lord , ” said the mendicant in a hoarse voice . teresa eleven . be done ? ” d ’ artagnan .	69.0524673461914
do ? ” asked milady . ! artagnan . , it is because we generally judge under the influence of excitement . but became as pale as a corpse . on the scene . , and arrive at another , that is all . <unk> , malibran , <unk> , acquire for myself what you would never have given me , whatever might have been your fortune , a hundred or a hundred and fifty thousand livres per annum , for which i shall be indebted to no one but myself ; and which , instead of being given as you gave me those poor twelve thousand francs , with <unk> looks and reproaches for my prodigality , will be accompanied with acclamations , with bravos , and	104.94638061523438
with flowers ? let us hasten up ; it was in valentine ’ s room . ” —when one travels , and especially for three months , one never has a <unk> of money . retz , the duc de beaufort , the duc de bouillon , are talking over public affairs . beneath the portrait , was the casket containing the diamond studs . the commands of the personage to whom i have addressed the inclosed letter . ” your cabin . said morrel ; “ i am to wait . ” his eminence , the cardinal , whom god preserve for the happiness of france and the confusion of the enemies of the kingdom , is on the point of putting an end to the <unk>	96.43360900878906
rebellion of la rochelle . had been written with the left hand ; and i have noticed that—— ” . you to interrogate , but to answer . ” xv . body in his arms and conveyed it to the grotto , while in her turn teresa remained outside . upon occasion i have some left ; only i beg monsieur not to be too <unk> of it if he wishes it to last long . ” as much as he does us ? ” reply to make , ’ said the count in a low tone . not know either m. or mme . honor as a gentleman it shall be as thou dost suggest . ” your prisoner should escape ! ” said she . opened	133.1674346923828
before him , and bending his head to avoid striking his forehead he entered a small room cut out of the rock . statement contained in it should be rectified . ” his left were two footmen , with the seams of their dresses laced . my heart , and , after what you have just said , i remember that only . ” it , ” said haydée . valentine could not repress a shudder , which caused a vibration in the bed . , mordaunt whom d ’ artagnan had followed , without knowing it . window , which remained open , and was praying in accents that would have affected the most unfeeling ; her words were rapid , incoherent , unintelligible , for the	136.92575073242188
burning weight of grief almost stopped her utterance . carcass that may be recognized as mine , they will require no more of you ; nay , perhaps you will even have a double reward . ” make up for the sword . ” to be done ? ” , kitty had thrown the purse into a corner , where it lay open , <unk> three or four gold pieces on the carpet . what that is ; the minister receives two hundred petitions every day , and does not read three . ” god . ” ” they all asked together in a low tone . , and go first ; we will see where it leads to . ” athos , as soon as they were	123.00164031982422
again in motion , “ reduced to two masters and grimaud and planchet ! repent of their ingratitude . ” or rather , he did not descend , he would not quit the vessel ; so i took him round the waist , and threw him into the boat , and then i jumped after him . is given . ” ; a <unk> is needful . ” be necessary to reflect before i give you an answer . ” , and place himself in front of the convent . what are your conditions , if i employ you ? ” expected had entered , he looked at the door , which his valet immediately closed . . ” your senses , or do you come peaceably to	94.46390533447266
take breakfast with me ? to work in , but in the darkness he could not do much , and he soon felt that he was working against something very hard ; he pushed back his bed , and waited for day . how strangely he expresses himself , count ! ” said julie . quite wrong , my dear de winter , ” said buckingham , holding out his hand to him . ” her head , opened her eyes , and sighed deeply . <unk> , for at <unk> i was plundered even of my hunting-knife . precious privilege of assuring you of my fond , faithful , and unalterable affection , whenever you visit your favorite <unk> , unless , indeed , it <unk> your	118.85009765625
pride to listen to professions of love from the lips of a poor <unk> , clad in a blouse and cap . ” d ’ artagnan had suggested , and when he returned he found the king already seated at his little table , where parry waited on him , harrison and his officers sitting together at another table , and , in a corner , places reserved for himself and his companions . ” he cried . ” replied albert , “ i was announcing your visit to some of my friends , whom i had invited in consequence of the promise you did me the honor to make , and whom i now present to you . do better , mercédès . the king eagerly .	116.87812805175781
him , ” cried the wounded man , “ if he still lives ; warn his friends , too . the time of cardinal richelieu , who would have closed the ports on bare suspicion . ” his mouth watered . much as you like , ” replied porthos , who was now quite out of humor at seeing things take this turn . marry mademoiselle danglars , you would accuse me of intrigue , and would be challenging me , <unk> , i may not be there myself . ” , ” said andrea , taking the major by the arm in a confidential manner , “ how much are you paid for being my father ? ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ ah ! said	81.9000015258789
the englishman . an honest man , and , as far as lay in my power , i have done good . ” , of a strange brilliancy , with black eyelids and eyebrows ? ” the dress of yonder chap . existed , was buried in this corner . of the spectators of their wish to be allowed to hear the music , produced not the slightest effect on the two young men , who continued their conversation . he , “ in my voyages , when i was a man and commanded other men , i have seen the heavens <unk> , the sea rage and foam , the storm arise , and , like a monstrous bird , beating the two horizons with its wings	134.02783203125
. a cloak , came out immediately , and exchanged some rapid words with the cardinal ; after which he mounted his horse , and set off in the direction of surgères , which was likewise the way to paris . terrible imprecations . and penetrating odor . heel without reply , and almost at the same instant the captain of the guards , m. de guitant , announced the visit of the chancellor . bed and turned my nose to the wall , that i <unk> ’ t break my promise and strangle grimaud . ” were started , athos knew all the noble families of the kingdom , their <unk> , their alliances , their coats of arms , and the origin of them . in	123.92385864257812
english to his sister . influence , ” replied monte cristo , smiling . papers to m. de villefort ? ” said the _cicerone_ to the coachman , and the carriage drove rapidly on . mme . and be kind enough to wait for me ; i shall not be more than half an hour . ” you had by the marchesa corsinari , and who was taken from you at five years of age . ; pay me differently ; ” and he held the bonds towards danglars , who seized them like a vulture extending its claws to withhold the food that is being wrested from its grasp . dear . ” sometimes sufficient to <unk> a great design . mother ; i know that from	113.86955261230469
the gulf in which their enemies have plunged them they have risen with so much vigor and glory that in their turn they have ruled their former conquerors , and have punished them . ? ” truth ; i will tell it , were it to destroy me . ” , of which the first act only is played . striking than the room he had just left ; it was entirely of marble , with antique <unk> of priceless value ; and at the four corners of this apartment , which was oblong , were four magnificent statues , having baskets in their hands . recollect , arrested in a tavern , in company with a great many <unk> ” then he added , “ monsieur ,	159.6764678955078
you may rest assured i shall perform my duty impartially , and that if he be innocent you shall not have appealed to me in vain ; should he , however , be guilty , in this present epoch , impunity would furnish a dangerous example , and i must do my duty . ” having a monarch to humiliate , evidently prepared to enjoy the right they had <unk> to themselves , and sent an officer to inform the king that it was customary for the accused to <unk> his head . quickly men forget ! ” cried the procurator ’ s wife , raising her eyes toward heaven . drawing-room , where tea was prepared . quite lost our dear eugénie ; for i doubt whether	161.4012908935547
her pride will ever allow her to return to france . ” had placed his stable at d ’ artagnan ’ s service . ” said rochefort , “ it takes you , my dear countess , to perform such miracles ! ” said madame de villefort , giving her smelling-bottle to valentine . gave orders for the horses to be made ready for departure , the two young men ascended to the upper windows of the house and saw in the direction of <unk> and of lens a large body of infantry and cavalry . of the issue of this terrible duel , in which her enemies showed as much perseverance as she did animosity . certainly laugh at me , you will say that i am	104.16474151611328
always repeating the same thing , you will call me the most timorous of <unk> ; but to whom do you see a resemblance in that young man ? ” to make his researches , not perhaps entirely at liberty , for he would be doubtless watched by those who accompanied him . had many moments of despair . felt exactly the same sensation at sight of that man when he said , ‘ why do you ask me that ? ’ and looked so strangely at me . ” us talk . ” they had got out to sea . and drawers was entirely concealed by one of the <unk> scarves , whose brilliant hues and rich silken fringe have rendered them so precious in the eyes	139.57723999023438
of parisian belles . occasion , i permit you to speak , my friend ; but be laconic , i beg . the same manner , ” said another musketeer , “ that i bought this new purse with what my mistress put into the old one . ” whose sleep was light , like that of all persons of a finely organized constitution . ” returned julie , “ we may indeed say he has , for he has done for us what he grants only to his chosen ; he sent us one of his angels . ” offered to you , madame , and what happens to you is the result of a very simple measure which we are obliged to adopt with all who	141.15797424316406
land in england . ” i. was <unk> by a strong guard before the high court which was to judge him . displayed an expression of the most intense curiosity . eyes and think , i seem to see it all again . feel ! ” exclaimed the man with gray hair . between dantès and his old friend . ” asked athos , fixing his clear , benevolent glance on the countenance of the gascon . marvelously well . ” lose . sure that he has not been mixed up with the police for some <unk> stab with a knife , for instance . ” by foot , beaten in all encounters , and defeated in the passage of the isle of <unk> , were obliged to	99.632568359375
<unk> , leaving on the field of battle two thousand men , among whom were five colonels , three lieutenant colonels , two hundred and fifty captains , twenty gentlemen of rank , four pieces of cannon , and sixty flags , which were taken to paris by claude de st. simon , and suspended with great pomp in the arches of notre dame . , ” said d ’ artagnan . maximilian , this must not be , for many reasons . turned dreadfully pale ; his eye seemed to burn with a devouring fire . make use of any valuable piece of paper , i hesitated for a moment , then recollected that i had seen in the famous breviary , which was on the table	174.2461700439453
beside me , an old paper quite yellow with age , and which had served as a <unk> for centuries , kept there by the request of the heirs . not sleep well ! branded , ” continued d ’ artagnan . a man of middle height , of a haughty , proud mien ; with piercing eyes , a large brow , and a thin face , which was made still longer by a <unk> ( or <unk> , as it is now called ) , surmounted by a pair of mustaches . the prince . ” said valentine ; “ it is so . he , “ this matter will want a good deal of talking over ; a retractation is always a serious thing ,	128.8429718017578
you know . , allowed her to remain in an attitude of nervous inquiry . they are not there , though the bastile is especially for the frondeurs . s silence , during which sinbad gave himself up to thoughts that seemed to occupy him incessantly , even in the midst of his conversation ; and franz abandoned himself to that mute reverie , into which we always sink when smoking excellent tobacco , which seems to remove with its fume all the troubles of the mind , and to give the smoker in exchange all the visions of the soul . we are going . that no doubt now remained in the young girl ’ s mind as to the reality of the scene ; her eyes	165.61239624023438
started with terror , her hands trembled , and she rapidly drew the bedclothes closer to her . which pleases me , ” cried athos , with a gracious nod to d ’ artagnan . his hand , repeated his call . but one year and i will have a constable ’ s sword gilt for me . ” i will not thus waste your time . ” cried he , regaining strength by force of terror . ” said tréville , “ seek him <unk> i have a right to advise you . ” she has great and terrible projects . . ” ” ” said the man in the red cloak , “ for you may plainly see she knows me ! ” accustomed to the	96.98726654052734
count ’ s pallor , which had so forcibly struck him at their first meeting . la fere , ” said aramis . <unk> raoul : on their arrival at <unk> he had perceived , hidden behind a screen of poplars , a little chateau which so vividly recalled that of la valliere to his mind that he halted for nearly ten minutes to gaze at it , and resumed his journey with a sigh too abstracted even to reply to olivain ’ s respectful inquiry about the cause of so much fixed attention . place fixed upon , and they leaped lightly into their saddles . ” ” it , and i grant you my pardon ; but upon one condition . ” your arms ; give	164.0675811767578
three to your wife , and you will still have four ; that is one more than m. de guise had , who so nearly became king of france , and whose cousin was emperor of <unk> . ” reason for her affection , for marie was devoted to <unk> to that degree that she served her as medium of intercourse with her brother , the king of spain . ” her , ” said the count . was the gentleman and his escort ; he called out to him , but they were too distant to be heard ; then , in spite of the weariness of his beast , he made it gallop but the rising ground soon deprived him of all sight of the travelers	132.4813232421875
, and when he had again attained a new height , the ferryboat had left the shore and was making for the opposite bank . ” he said , as if awaking from a dream . armchair , without the power of moving . fulfilled , m. noirtier ? ” asked morrel , while d ’ avrigny looked inquiringly . interrupted mazarin , “ was a great politician and therein shone his vast superiority over me . gentlemen ; but no doubt this man brings me the news i <unk> ” and rising also , he went off at a quick pace . we sailors are like <unk> , and recognize each other by signs . ” , ” said he , “ you see how far my	118.9510726928711
enemies go ; they menace you with two wars if you do not dismiss me . i left him , i seem to have lost my senses . the cavalier with a soft voice . of him ? ” life in <unk> off blows which were forever aimed at him ! ” , i did hope , count , and during this quarter of an hour we have been talking together , you have unconsciously wounded , tortured my heart , for every word you have uttered proved that there was no hope for me . such a rock ; he would break you like glass . ” ; black trousers , patent leather boots , white waistcoat , either a black or blue coat , and a	168.24600219726562
long cravat . made a trifling mistake , as you say ; but by way of <unk> your <unk> i give you another double napoleon , that you may drink to my health , and be able to ask your <unk> to join you . ” ’ s uniform and nothing but the manner in which he threw back his head and advanced his foot , athos instantly took the place which was his due and consigned the ostentatious porthos to the second rank . ? ” seemed to be in a swoon . my father , and who always intended , sooner or later , to sell me again to my original proprietor , as they have now done , calculated that , in order to make	122.73020935058594
the most of their bargain , it would be <unk> to leave me in possession of all my personal and <unk> worth , and even to increase the value , if possible . be playing some game or other . ” ... , the notary awaited him in the small salon . had disappeared , only i had still the knife in my hand . been seen all four <unk> together , so that at the end of a quarter of an hour the cardinal would have been informed by his spies that we were holding a council . ” is dead , ” said athos , “ he has not been so long , for he is still warm . him among the crowd . for a	81.52210235595703
few days longer ; we must accustom ourselves to parting . these dreadful events that i waited on your excellency , to whom it would have been folly to have mentioned benedetto , since all trace of him seemed entirely lost ; or of my sister , since she was dead . ” ” said andrea , “ that isn ’ t a bad idea . ” i think ? ” the banker ’ s usual punctuality , the eighty thousand francs were placed in the young man ’ s hands , as he was on the point of starting , after having left two hundred francs for caderousse . laughed at what i considered your <unk> and exaggerated praises of him ; but i have now ample	108.20026397705078
cause to admit that your enthusiastic description of this wonderful man fell far short of his merits . the future chancellor . and employed himself in mentally contrasting the two girls , —one fair , with soft languishing eyes , a figure gracefully bending like a weeping willow ; the other a <unk> , with a fierce and haughty expression , and as straight as a <unk> . this lad a horse was brought to the door of bazin ’ s house . providing access to a work with the phrase “ project gutenberg ” associated with or appearing on the work , you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.e.1 through 1.e.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the project gutenberg™	301.8094787597656
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.e.8 or 1.e.9 . breakfast franz took out his watch . ” continued the count , “ that he followed and watched you the whole time , and when he saw you leave the house , ran to the angle of the wall to conceal himself . ” escape <unk> in order to secure success , the magic of a <unk> seduction was necessary . gave you yesterday ? ” . fighting ! ” come to take a second view of paris , which he only saw in passing through in the time of the empire , when he was on his way to <unk> . festival of my marriage , monsieur , ” said the young man , his voice slightly	86.26189422607422
tremulous , so great was the contrast between that happy moment and the painful ceremony he was now undergoing ; so great was the contrast between the sombre aspect of m. de villefort and the radiant face of mercédès . he muttered . , ” cried villefort , seizing the count by the wrist ; “ then come here ! ” a young man . ” comte , ” said the duchess , smiling , “ does one leave so solemnly his old friends ? ” , being at bottom a prudent youth , instead of returning home , went and dined with the gascon priest , who , at the time of the distress of the four friends , had given them a breakfast of chocolate .	120.67923736572266
i should have left you without seeing you again , but that would have been a virtue beyond my strength , because i am a weak and vain man , fond of the tender , kind , and thankful glances of my fellow-creatures . appearance of being cowardly enough to lift your hand against a woman . ” , defended himself desperately . villefort , ” replied the doctor , “ my first duty is to humanity . held the lives of five men in his hands . unexpected one i am preparing to surprise them with . ” you may kill me , but i shall not fight . ” . fronde ? ” inquired mazarin . is too late , ” said danglars , “ i	87.12931823730469
have honored their bills . ” ’ artagnan , the welfare of the state is deposited in your <unk> ” he paused . , ” returned morcerf ; “ but i fear that you will be much disappointed , accustomed as you are to picturesque events and fantastic horizons . to say . ” soon as i recovered my senses i went to monsieur the governor , to whom i related all that had passed , and asked , what i should do with my prisoner . tapestry opened noiselessly and a man in black silently advanced and stood behind the chair on which mazarin sat . louis before me ; put down the same sum , so that they who have lost may have nothing to complain	123.70883178710938
of . ” edmond , slightly changing color , “ and wherefore , i pray ? ” the point of being made captain of the _pharaon_ ? ” abbé ’ s name ? ’ asked the indefatigable questioner . the house ? ” you , the knife would have been pointed and of steel . athos . to speak of the future and to build castles in the air . i can not give it , since my parents abandoned me . doctor ! and let the young gentleman return to the catalans if he chooses . ” of the king ’ s health , a report of his convalescence began to prevail in the camp ; and as he was very anxious to be in person at	96.85550689697266
the siege , it was said that as soon as he could mount a horse he would set forward . it , aramis ? ” ? ” asked blaisois sharply , “ is that their true drink ? ” . said , “ you have wished to conquer the prince your <unk> is to say , the greatest captain of the age ; and when women of genius wish anything they always succeed in <unk> it . goes out , has several times been on the point of refusing this invitation ; madame de villefort , on the contrary , is burning with the desire of seeing this extraordinary nabob in his own house , therefore , she has with great difficulty prevailed on my father to accompany	131.79855346679688
her . cried the host ; “ where is the monk ? ” planchet , but he had seen nothing of d ’ artagnan ; they wished to take planchet with them , but he could not leave his troop , who at five o ’ clock returned home , saying that they were returning from the battle , whereas they had never lost sight of the bronze equestrian statue of louis xiii . . ” . ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . of seeing a husband again from whom you have been separated for a week ? ” asked the mercer , piqued to the quick . had scarcely passed away when the door of the king ’ s closet opened , and m. de tréville	61.187774658203125
saw m. de la trémouille come out . porta del popolo , turned to the left , and stopped at the hôtel d ’ <unk> . guarded by three regiments of cavalry and by the fierce anxiety of cromwell , who came and went or sent his generals or his agents continually . a means of regaining our freedom , have you not ? ” asked dantès eagerly . , my dear fellow , when one has been accustomed to malibran and <unk> , such <unk> as these don ’ t make the same impression on you they perhaps do on others . ” listened , and she heard nothing . received him with the same paternal smile as that which he had often bestowed on d ’	135.71922302246094
artagnan , but a more profound tenderness for raoul was now visibly impressed upon his face . for the purpose of watching like a <unk> over the almost <unk> riches that had thus fallen into his possession satisfied not the <unk> of his heart , which <unk> to return to dwell among mankind , and to assume the rank , power , and influence which are always accorded to <unk> first and greatest of all the forces within the grasp of man . thinking it a good opportunity to put in a word in his turn ; d ’ artagnan checked him by a glance from the corner of his eye . s the landlord of the lamb , and <unk> the farmer ; they both live in	173.35089111328125
the rue des <unk> . ” to deliver it ? ” leave the presence , the cardinal gave him a friendly smile , and said , “ a perfect harmony reigns , sire , between the leaders and the soldiers of your musketeers , which must be profitable for the service and honorable to all . ” no harm meant , ” answered danglars ; “ at first i certainly did feel somewhat uneasy as to what fernand might be tempted to do ; but when i saw how completely he had mastered his feelings , even so far as to become one of his rival ’ s attendants , i knew there was no further cause for <unk> ” caderousse looked full at <unk> was ghastly pale	148.39865112304688
. of his doublet , seeing which , porthos unfastened his entirely . a foot of this granite wall , as impenetrable as futurity , without strict scrutiny ; he did not see a <unk> without introducing the blade of his hunting sword into it , or a projecting point on which he did not lean and press in the hopes it would give way . i know how good a son you are , so now hasten away to see your father . the gladiator said to the emperor , when he entered the arena , ‘ he who is about to die salutes you . ’ ” them , ” remarked fernand . , do you sleep there ? ” had brought dantès back to the	163.7474365234375
circular rock . fall monte cristo ’ s hand . recipe to planchet . see , was surrounded by misfortune . mousqueton , who had ridden by the side of d ’ artagnan without speaking a word on the journey , “ you may think what you will , sir , but i can breathe now for the first time since my departure from pierrefonds ; ” and he put his horse to a gallop to announce to the other servants the arrival of monsieur du vallon and his friends . we should find him at this hour at his post ? ” me a false diamond ? ” <unk> fire at her if she attempted to fly . repeated anne ; “ i thought , sir ,	89.42464447021484
that it was kings alone who <unk> ! ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ are you sure of that ? ” that the genoese was one of those shrewd persons who know nothing but what they should know , and believe nothing but what they should believe . , perceiving his youth and that he did not belong to the corps , invited him to retire before they attacked . ” a small furnished house to let in the rue des <unk> , where his mother would find a humble but decent lodging , and thither he intended conducting the countess . du vallon , shares my gratitude , for he was particularly hungry . ” i treat you handsomely for thirty-five francs . ” large ground	140.44126892089844
floor ; a first floor consisted of a salon , a <unk> , and two bedrooms ; near one of the bedrooms they came to a winding staircase that led down to the garden . were so , i should lose my reason ! ” ? ” said d ’ artagnan , laughing in spite of himself . seemed to move , as though she were talking ; but because she merely spoke in an undertone , or my senses were dulled by sleep , i did not catch a word she uttered . my sister once more ? ” asked maximilian . danglars , pale with anger and fear , “ i warn you , when i have the misfortune to meet with a mad dog ,	98.88847351074219
i kill it ; and far from thinking myself guilty of a crime , i believe i do society a kindness . ” said she , clasping her hands , “ forgive your child for being the bearer of evil tidings . ” . at having beaten a prince of the blood . . . ’ and returned in an instant with a corporal and four soldiers . in prison discipline than even louis himself , and the number of prisoners whose names are not on the register is <unk> ” had morrel even any suspicions , so much kindness would have dispelled them . please , sir , ” replied franz . he , “ monseigneur ’ s order is , you know , to conduct that	128.1263427734375
woman , without losing time , to fort la pointe , and never to leave her till she is on board . ” ; they have sold me , they shall give me up , and the eternal shame of treble treason shall fall on their heads . ” the entrance of raoul . has this <unk> of mind been evinced ? ” be very uneasy on your account . ” will of his <unk> visitor . ” the abbé asked one day of dantès . at the landing . ” case , i assure you , upon my honor ! i told you , ” replied danglars , “ that i considered the circumstance of his having anchored at the island of elba as a very suspicious	110.57085418701172
circumstance . ” to me for a minute only , for mercy ’ s , for pity ’ s sake ! , certainly , ” replied the count ; “ but tell me , does the count of morcerf never visit the opera ? , to discover something here ; i am in the vein . ” which dantès , excited by the feeling of freedom , continued to cleave the waves . another kind of recreation , in which a handkerchief is filled with sand , pebbles , and <unk> pieces , when they have them , which the wretches beat like a <unk> over the head and shoulders of the unhappy sufferer . diamonds , my master , ” said athos , disdainfully . , my	104.3184814453125
dear edmond , though i have not seen him lately . ” was so piteous that it awakened pity in the heart of athos . despair , ” said fernand . is supreme and impartial as that of god ; it will not suffer you to be trampled on by your enemies without giving you an opportunity of defending yourself . cried athos . that same morning it was well known that he leaned much to the side of the fronde ; and mazarin , in requesting the archbishop of paris to make his nephew preach , had evidently had the intention of administering to monsieur de retz one of those italian kicks he so much enjoyed giving . had cared little for curiosities , was mechanically tearing	220.14442443847656
off the blossoms of a splendid orange-tree , one after another . alone , ” replied the young man . that sensation of delight which is generally experienced in passing rapidly through the air , and the wind which occasionally raised the hair from his forehead seemed on the point of dispelling momentarily the clouds collected there . let us leave these facts alone , and reason coolly . ” quitted franz , leaving him unable to decide whether she were merely amusing herself at his expense , or whether her fears and <unk> were genuine . then ? ” seen aramis . ” nothing to a sculptor like vampa ; he examined the broken stock , calculated what change it would require to adapt the gun to	251.15650939941406
his shoulder , and made a fresh stock , so beautifully carved that it would have fetched fifteen or twenty piastres , had he chosen to sell it . morcerf , ” answered monte cristo . you may be overheard . ; the wretch had nothing to defend himself with but his discharged arquebus . my <unk> ’ regret to say that , not knowing it was necessary to come provided with these papers , i neglected to bring them . ” ! , and the chief inclined his head in sign of acquiescence . , as i have just heard ? ” must i live ? no definite plan ; all must depend on circumstances . till your return to the ship that you put the letter	154.79798889160156
in the portfolio ? ” opinion of m. and madame de villefort . ” ” said he ; “ do you know this house , monsieur ? ” old man was so strange that , instead of being the result of the power of his will , it might emanate from enfeebled organs . ” said the old man , “ be comforted , my poor child ; there is still hope ! ” an emissary of the cardinal ’ s gave him to understand that he was wrong in receiving the coadjutor so often . me , ” observed dantès , “ and that is how you managed to do all this by daylight ? ” said porthos , rolling his large eyes , “ remember ,	71.53541564941406
i will skin you alive . ” when the queen went into her son ’ s room , and inquired from laporte if the king was in bed . d ’ artagnan , laughing , “ you could eat a piece of mouston , couldn ’ t you , especially after two or three days of fasting ? ” madame ? ” ; let us go , porthos , but let us go well armed ; were we not to keep the rendezvous , they would declare we were afraid . same way ; we will stop at la réserve , and we can drink a glass of la <unk> , whilst we wait for news . ” . ” , and contrary to the usual method ,	87.79681396484375
the last first , because it is the least difficult . was to direct her servant by a sign to withdraw the tapestried curtain that hung before the door of her boudoir , the framework of the opening thus made serving as a sort of border to the graceful tableau presented by the young girl ’ s picturesque attitude and appearance . valentine , “ barrois ! ” of that beloved voice seemed to have still its ancient influence , whilst that of aramis , which had become harsh and <unk> in his moments of ill-humor , irritated him . excellencies will do well not to think of that any longer ; at rome things can or can not be done ; when you are told anything can	193.15814208984375
not be done , there is an end of it . ” blew a whistle ; the globe of fire which lighted the room <unk> and disappeared . : man has found but one means of <unk> it , and that one comes from god . which m. de tréville waited for the king . ! ” cried the king ; “ to him , no doubt . had come , as he had , to try the port wine , effaced himself behind his cask and consoled himself with the reflection that if he were discovered the crime was not a great one . eminence will give you all that you <unk> , money , and titles . ” have given anything to find it out .	88.1238784790039
” you in that , monsieur chevalier , ” said kitty , warmly . from m. beauchamp ; she first extended her arms to prevent me , but after a moment ’ s reflection , ‘ yes , go , florentin , ’ said she , ‘ and may he come quickly . ’ ” there that this sister-in-law was a <unk> . pours there is no antidote . ” difficult . arms , he dragged him into an adjoining room ; but almost immediately he returned to fetch the lemonade . cross the lys ? ” him . , d ’ artagnan , and think otherwise . now , and rich ? ” ” burst simultaneously from all who were near enough to the magistrate to hear	117.8716812133789
his words . decision is always necessary ; and i inform you with regret that no one becomes a musketeer without the preliminary ordeal of several campaigns , certain brilliant actions , or a service of two years in some other regiment less favored than ours . ” a smile of condescension was stamped upon his lips . said the host ; “ i remember it perfectly . was now high time to come to the assistance of anne . i am , a sort of philosopher , and one day perhaps i shall go to paris to rival monsieur <unk> , and the man in the little blue cloak . ” be a musketeer or an abbé . you this title ? ” continued the count in	127.72137451171875
french , “ it is necessary to excite this man ’ s confidence . ” , ” replied de guiche . no more than an unpleasant circumstance , would have certainly become a cause of serious uneasiness if he had been able to guess by what unknown dangers he was surrounded . ? ” , as a friend . ” a portion of the way , ” said athos . over several leaves of his bible and read with a loud voice this verse in <unk> : fellow ! ! eyes fixed on her husband , but as he made no sign of changing his position , she extended her hard , bony hand , and touched him on the forehead . service a year , your fund	101.52901458740234
has already begun to <unk> it continue to do so . ” ? ” the cardinal , beginning to feel more comfortable . much more enthralling , occupied his mind . this conviction , he pulled his cap down over his eyes , and endeavoring to copy some of the court airs he had picked up in gascony among young traveling nobles , he advanced with one hand on the hilt of his sword and the other resting on his hip . i was traveling on an important mission . ! ” andrea , “ if my father had met me , i doubt if he would have recognized me ; i must be somewhat altered since he last saw me . ” planchet ; the more ill	139.5212860107422
will i have toward monsieur bonacieux , the more punctual i shall be in keeping the appointment made by that letter which makes you so uneasy . ” had already arrived . much effort , it must be confessed , for only one of the officers was armed , and even he defended himself for form ’ s sake . which is scarce firmly set on the head of louis <unk> , support a double weight ? ” “ sir , be so good as not to go away without giving me an opportunity to tell you something i can not say before the queen . ” of <unk> that the inspector ’ s voice called him to the <unk> . ” said he , “ i hope	124.187744140625
all is over , explained and settled . ” muttered ; “ fatality ! ” one of the vergers , who bowed and proceeded toward the <unk> . well as they could the disgust they felt in the presence of such coarseness and brutality . d ’ artagnan , “ now i think of it—what is to prevent our beginning to-night ? ” , be always ungrateful . i understand spanish , or i am a lost man and you are also . ” as a gascon , was inclined to sobriety , seemed not so sure as his friend of the truth of athos ’ s maxim , but he did his best to keep up with his host . athos , “ here ’ s another	107.93853759765625
good servant . mother , you can also die , and there will be an end of our misfortunes . ” fontaine , in a room hung with red damask ; my father took me in his arms , telling my mother i was dead , wrapped me in a napkin marked with an h and an n , and carried me into a garden , where he buried me alive . ” justice , ” he said ; “ and stay close to me , ” he added , in a low tone . at this language , to which she was not accustomed from her courtiers , argued from it a happy omen of the zeal with which d ’ artagnan would serve her in the	112.04234313964844
accomplishment of her project . their lives for him , and besides had done him a great service ? ” first bottle being a little thick at the bottom , brisemont poured the lees into a glass , and d ’ artagnan desired him to drink it , for the poor devil had not yet recovered his strength . ” say ? are an accursed race ! ” ; i have nothing more to ask of <unk> have seen you again , and have found you as noble and as great as formerly you were . cavaliers received presents from their king without shame . trust to your word ; you have said that my son should live , have you not ? ” _secrétaire_ , opened it	131.8211212158203
, and pulling out a drawer filled with gold , said to franz , “ i hope you will not <unk> me by applying to anyone but myself . ” but blow out his brains if he proves false , ” said the gascon ; “ and you , athos , you know something of everything and can be our captain . is imperative . have yourself conveyed to paris ? a man whose victim is likely to escape him ? . ” letter , and read these words : not seem much , but in twelve hours that makes two feet , and three we had before , that makes five . , ” returned beauchamp . death ; and still further , upon my honor ,	115.57711791992188
i don ’ t like english horses . at least . ” of all this ? ” inquired caderousse , frowningly , of danglars , who had assumed an air of utter surprise . . said aramis , “ i must confess i feel a great repugnance to fire on these poor devils of <unk> . ” sea that stretches in azure calm before the eye ; but he who <unk> ventures within its embrace finds himself struggling with a monster that would drag him down to <unk> . grimaud , but la ramee looked on with the curiosity of a father who thinks that he may perhaps get a cheap idea concerning a new <unk> for his children . to be sure , to get our baggage	171.82339477539062
and horses ; and from there , if it please god , to france , where , at least , i understand the <unk> of the houses . ” to prove to you that i still hope . ” a plan . a greater desire to know the real ones , ” replied the englishman . not go this very instant , i will have you arrested by the queen ’ s orders , and i will have you placed in the bastille which you dread so much . ” ; it is possible that the influence of the place , the charm of the beautiful evening , the fascination of your <unk> thousand circumstances , in short , which sometimes unite to destroy a <unk> <unk> around	79.28524780273438
me on that fatal evening ; but , my lord , you saw the queen come to the aid of the woman who faltered . one of these two is about to die ; the other has many years to live . ” —i do not count my servant ’ s <unk> nag . said the messenger , ‘ or i will come nearer to you , if you prefer it. ’ — ‘ i will agree to neither one nor the other , ’ replied the young soldier ; ‘ place the object which i desire to see in the ray of light which shines there , and retire while i examine it. ’ — ‘ be it so , ’ said the envoy ; and he	154.02854919433594
retired , after having first deposited the token agreed on in the place pointed out to him by selim . ’ preparation ; at the end of that time i shall come and say to you , ‘ the assertion is false , and i retract it , ’ or ‘ the assertion is true , ’ when i shall immediately draw the sword from its sheath , or the pistols from the case , whichever you please . ” milady , raising herself , “ i defy you to find any tribunal which pronounced that infamous sentence against me . in the brown <unk> ” a <unk> <unk> between incredulity and joy . father—— ” office is located at 809 north 1500 west , salt lake city	277.7981872558594
, ut 84116 , ( 801 ) 596-1887 . by léopold robert , shone in its carved and gilded frame . ” cried d ’ artagnan , looking at his friend with an air of doubt . majesty <unk> them . ” particularly in paris ? ” my dear duke , ” continued the minister of police , “ we are almost assured that , in a very short time , the usurper will be insane . ” house at the gates of paris , m. bertuccio ? ” said athos , “ what is to be done ? d ’ artagnan , “ is that the way you return to your apartment ? ” be supposed that amid this affected resignation to the will of providence ,	83.0633316040039
the unfortunate innkeeper did not writhe under the double misery of seeing the hateful canal carry off his customers and his profits , and the daily <unk> of his <unk> partner ’ s murmurs and lamentations . man ? ” , and passed not only her finger but her whole hand through the opening . start and drove off in the direction he was desired , never doubting but that the order had come from his master . . fellow , those are things that bear postponement and you must put it off , especially with so good an excuse to give on your <unk> ” along the piazza di spagna and the via <unk> , which led directly between the <unk> and rospoli palaces , franz ’	264.6502685546875
s attention was directed towards the windows of that last palace , for he had not forgotten the signal agreed upon between the man in the mantle and the <unk> peasant . ” said athos , “ i ride horses when i have any ; when i have none , i go afoot . ” . a good comrade ? to get mme . speedily as he had departed , but in the antechamber he was forced to appeal to the king ’ s authority . himself in a good situation to see all the details . these , he saw nothing but a strange face , <unk> , and encircled by a beard , with eyes brilliant as carbuncles , and a smile upon the mouth which	112.0663833618164
displayed a perfect set of white teeth , pointed and sharp as the wolf ’ s or jackal ’ s . jewels , sold your clothes and my own to pay his servants , who refused to accompany him unless i made this sacrifice . it the preparation for departure , and these preparations served to conceal dantès ’ agitation . with inexpressible fervor and feeling . him one look , yet that look convinced me that we were doomed . ” whole scene at a glance . is at hand ; have patience and courage and remember that in spite of time and absence all your friends continue to cherish for you the sentiments they have so long professed and truly entertained . blacas , who had	307.7572937011719
for a moment the hope of sacrificing villefort to his own profit , “ i am compelled to tell you that these are not mere rumors destitute of foundation which thus disquiet me ; but a serious-minded man , deserving all my confidence , and charged by me to watch over the south ” ( the duke hesitated as he pronounced these words ) , “ has arrived by post to tell me that a great peril threatens the king , and so i hastened to you , sire . ” i think i already know what you are about to tell me . ” put me to death alone . for the first time , madame ! ” procurator ’ s wife is old and ugly ?	150.7716064453125
” be a blot on my name and my honor . ” his genealogical investigations any further ; but withdrawing his anxious look from the chest and fixing it upon porthos , he contented himself with saying , “ monsieur our cousin will do us the favor of dining with us once before his departure for the campaign , will he not , madame coquenard ? ” , smiling with that painful expression which she knew so well how to give to her smile . ; i gave orders for my _coupé_ to follow me . ” easy on that score . ” . ” beauchamp to albert ; “ i shall not go to the chamber , but i have something better to offer my readers than	141.69004821777344
a speech of m. danglars . ” i know it , ” replied the duke , dipping the quill in the ink . beggar , an <unk> hates slavery , and finds himself <unk> in the world . ” quitted naples , captain leclere was attacked with a brain fever . in a fortnight , attained a very fair position . remained for some moments still on the defensive ; then , as the noise of the horsemen became more and more distant , they sheathed their swords . ; “ that is an idea ! ” ; albert de morcerf entered first , and i began to hope my fears were vain , when , after him , another young man advanced , and the count exclaimed	135.28575134277344
: ‘ ah , here is the baron franz d ’ épinay ! ’ i summoned all my strength and courage to my support . <unk> and curiosity . to government to cause a man ’ s disappearance without leaving any traces , so that no written forms or documents may defeat their wishes . ” m. de villefort , so harshly that the child started up from the floor , “ do you hear me ? —go ! ” , for england , for america , or , if you prefer it , retire to the country and only return to paris when our friends have reconciled your family . ” fernand who betrayed , sold , and murdered his benefactor , ali ? , you know	166.40573120117188
i am descended on the father ’ s side from the <unk> and on the mother ’ s from the <unk> , and that i only speak in parables and riddles . who , without possessing any greater advantages than himself , had formerly been the lover of madame de chevreuse , who had been to a former court what madame de longueville was in that day ; and he wondered how it was that there should be in the world people who succeed in every wish , some in ambition , others in love , whilst others , either from chance , or from ill-luck , or from some natural defect or impediment , remain <unk> upon the road toward fulfilment of their hopes and expectations .	167.4570770263672
, nor shed a tear , but a deadly pallor spread over his face ; he knelt down on the ground , raised winter ’ s head , and unfastening the order of the saint esprit , placed it on his own breast . took each a post horse , and a postillion rode before them . crime ! ” replied the doctor . yet know , sir , on account of the swelling ; but the doctor is afraid some <unk> has been injured . ” artagnan , my beloved d ’ artagnan ! ? ” replied anne , with queen-like dignity , extending toward the open coffer an arm , despite the lapse of years , still beautiful . the devil , you mean ! ”	138.2991485595703
cried buckingham , raising his voice so as to attract the notice of his people , without absolutely shouting . imminent , the rioters came so near , uttering such threats , that the chancellor thought his last hour had come and confessed himself to his brother priest , so as to be all ready to die in case he was discovered . owner of the winning horse ? ” <unk> ; i am told it is so very amusing ! ” <unk> understand me , d ’ artagnan—a court . ” is he ? ” presented himself to the abbess as a messenger from the cardinal . ” three or four boards which made his chamber another ear of dionysius , spread a carpet on the floor	179.30877685546875
, went upon his knees , and made a sign to mme . i listen . ” say does not concern your majesty . ” spite of prayers and entreaties , <unk> their regret at leaving so good a master and mistress , and especially mademoiselle valentine , so good , so kind , and so gentle . there surprising in that ? ? ” ladies , he extended his hand to debray . discuss seriously his right to the <unk> chair when they were informed that dinner was ready . sweet revenge for him when he found that i had not died from the blow of his dagger ? gold aramis raised his eyes and porthos started . and his mouth , so finely formed , assumed	158.4550018310547
a wicked smile ; every blow he aimed was sure , and his pistol finished the <unk> the wounded wretch who tried to rise again . sleep of which this thought is the dream . caused me to wait a little while , i should have felt quite sure that the delay was not occasioned by any fault of yours . ” footman nor the carriage , but with the eye of a jealous woman , mme . paroxysm of terror , she had raised herself from the sofa , in the next , stronger very likely than the other , she fell down again on the cushions . services ; with the same frankness i accept them . , although i am astonished that you know it	155.66311645507812
. ” the contrary , i come to you first and instantly , ” replied franz . and let us talk , as the cardinal said . ” a woman who writes , ” said aramis , “ and that woman desires not to be seen , remember , you compromise her , d ’ artagnan ; which is not the part of a gentleman . ” oblige me ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , with a calmness which astonished the cardinal himself . , planchet ? there ? ’ cried caderousse , rising , and drawing up in a heap the gold and notes scattered over the table , and which he covered with his two hands . allude , monsieur ? ” said danglars	60.244544982910156
; as if he were trying in vain to guess at the possible meaning of the general ’ s words . , then , to leave it ? ” asked athos of d ’ artagnan . from the volga , and the other from lake fusaro . ” worthy to stand near such great names . ” world as a witness of your crime , and that until i have found an avenger . ’ speak , ” he said , softening his stern , <unk> tones , as if he were speaking to a woman . he had money . ” what circumstances ? ” ; it is he who raised your father ’ s head on the point of a <unk> ; it is he who	76.56904602050781
sold us ; it is he who forsook us ! , d ’ artagnan could not bear alone the weight of that falsehood . hall when he glanced at the whole body of magistrates and assistants ; his eye rested longer on the president , and still more so on the king ’ s attorney . movement , he tore open his coat , which seemed to stifle him , and flew from the room like a madman ; his footstep was heard one moment in the corridor , then the rattling of his <unk> as he was driven rapidly away . the box between the columns , which remained obstinately closed during the whole of the first act . , i will tell you . ” <unk>	119.15692138671875
you less than <unk> see if he be still at his door . ” the young man , handing kitty the letter sealed ; “ give that to milady . like that of god , in all things . ” and hope ; do you know what you did , unfortunate adviser ? moreover , the young woman of whom i spoke , who is persecuted , no doubt , in consequence of some court intrigue . , ” added d ’ artagnan , “ that we would have come to meet you , if we could have supposed it was monseigneur coming toward us with so few attendants . ” since the day he visited albert , and those of whom the latter inquired always told him	112.03715515136719
he was out on a journey which would detain him some days . the owner , glancing after dantès , who was watching the anchoring of his vessel , “ it seems to me that a sailor needs not be so old as you say , danglars , to understand his business , for our friend edmond seems to understand it thoroughly , and not to require <unk> from anyone . ” ’ s assistant satisfied the master carpenter that those were the men he expected . our <unk> , count ? ” said albert . with astonishment , and then said , ‘ what is your business with me , monsieur ? on valentine , which look was at once so earnest and imperative , that she	117.20741271972656
answered immediately . and passed it to athos . assassinate a man who , in the eyes of heaven , is a brother ? ” said valentine ; “ i entreat you . ” is imprisonment or death ? ” against the mantelpiece ; a table was between him and d ’ artagnan . be seen , for it is in franz d ’ épinay ’ s possession , signed by me , and with a postscript of m. luigi vampa . self-control . was indeed critical , and recent events had added to his difficulties . to the palais royal at five o ’ clock , it presented , in spite of the excitement which reigned in the town , a spectacle of the greatest rejoicing .	79.92991638183594
the prudent planchet , “ in the first place , are you on good terms with monsieur de rochefort ? ” , and went out with beauchamp , without appearing to notice cavalcanti . spada was only able to inquire of his nephew if he had received his message . turned in the direction of the château d ’ if ) uttered this prayer , he saw off the farther point of the island of pomègue a small vessel with <unk> sail <unk> the sea like a gull in search of prey ; and with his sailor ’ s eye he knew it to be a genoese tartan . rochefort . and more extensive and more productive . dessessart ’ s valet came to d ’ artagnan ’	133.7805938720703
s lodging , and gave him a bag containing seven thousand livres . ever a settled thing , ” said lucien , —and , considering that this remark was all that he was at that time called upon to make , he adjusted the glass to his eye , and biting the top of his gold headed cane , began to make the tour of the apartment , examining the arms and the pictures . ? ” and now he is innocent , and it is as much my duty to free him as it was to condemn him. ” villefort thus forestalled any danger of an inquiry , which , however improbable it might be , if it did take place would leave him defenceless . ,	161.58981323242188
” said porthos , in his tranquil way . ) replied the count . am killed , ” said albert , laughing . now , ” said villefort , addressing her , “ that i were a doctor instead of a lawyer . ? ; i see it . the apartment , he cast around him a scrutinizing <unk> there was nothing to excite suspicion , if it did not exist , or to confirm it , if it were already awakened . of the yacht ’ s crew . pass , ” he said ; “ they are friends of the duc de beaufort . ” i had the idea that you could introduce me into some of the paris salons when i came to france .	67.46686553955078
? ” will always treat my enemies and yours , duke , however high they may be placed , and whatever peril i may incur in acting severely toward them . ” yourself or me ? fere will not do you the honor of fighting with you . andrea , “ let it be as you wish . must have lost your senses to think it possible i could act with such <unk> policy . ” and saw by the mass of <unk> that had accumulated that he was not the first to discover this retreat , which was , doubtless , one of the <unk> of the wandering visitors of monte cristo . the cardinal , eagerly , rising with a promptitude which proved the degree of	115.83328247070312
importance he attached to the commission with which he had charged the count . horse ? ” ” replied groslow . cent higher than before they had fallen . , the air of la rue tiquetonne is not like that of pierrefonds ; but console yourself , i will soon conduct you to one much better . ” bouillon , he had such a fit of gout as obliged him to return to paris in a litter ; but his place was well filled by the duc d ’ elbeuf and his four sons , ranged around him like a staff . , i began by <unk> i take four . father , ruined by the revolution , and m. danglars , who never had possessed any patrimony	152.7229461669922
, both laid the foundations of their different fortunes . ” your chambers , ” said athos , “ and leave me to act . shortest of those three gentlemen ? ” to be married ? ” and mad prisoners are in the dungeons . ” think so . ” ! ” exclaimed signor pastrini , — “ utterly impossible ; there was only one left on the fifth floor of the <unk> palace , and that has been let to a russian prince for twenty sequins a day . ” quite true ; still , i agree with you in thinking that my present ignorance of the first city in europe is a reproach to me in every way , and calls for immediate correction ; but	136.37814331054688
, in all probability , i should have performed so important , so necessary a duty , as that of making myself acquainted with the wonders and beauties of your justly celebrated capital , had i known any person who would have introduced me into the fashionable world , but unfortunately i possessed no acquaintance there , and , of necessity , was compelled to abandon the idea . ” morrel , that he was a more unhappy lover than you . ” the news a quarter of an hour after m. de tréville , for they were the first to whom he communicated it . the via dei pontefici . to seek or to <unk> and they passed rapidly to examine the third compartment . rise ,	181.62625122070312
porthos rose also ; these four men were therefore all standing at the same time , with a menacing aspect , opposite to each other . how could you , hearing us so often speak of our unknown benefactor , seeing us pay such homage of gratitude and adoration to his memory , —how could you continue so long without discovering yourself to us ? for the procureur . ” threw a gleam of light over the field of battle . than the hearts of most men , and i suffered more than they would have done in my place ; that is all . ” ” cried monte cristo . he , “ i think it just possible dantès may have been detected with some trifling article	153.03167724609375
on board ship considered here as <unk> . ” ” said albert ; “ arranging your papers , apparently . ” that during the last four or five years misfortune has seemed to pursue m. morrel . keep your promise of introducing me to the fair subject of our remarks ? ” you , my friend . thank you ! ” ” said athos . , philip ? ? i have found you , then ; i see you at last ! ” ” not exaggerate the evil , ” said monte cristo , “ for by endeavoring to avoid one fault you will fall into another . the turnings and windings of this part of the louvre , appropriated for the people of the household . ,	94.38731384277344
but he was welcomed by musket shots , while stones fell like hail from all the windows . true , ” said blaisois ; “ at least , i can ’ t now recall it . ” recognized the writing , and , since there were no details in it of what had occurred , asked for particulars . to forget you ? ” ’ —this is what the other man said— ‘ let ’ s see decidedly what to do with him . ’ that franz recognized him ; and yet he had not let fall a single word indicating any previous acquaintance between them . be killed on leaving this house , and did not warn me ! ” ” said the major , “ she	173.34056091308594
<unk> ” that you have inspired not only the <unk> government , but also the neighboring states , with such extreme fear , that they are glad of all opportunity of making an example . ” of morcerf returned to the rooms , after giving her orders , many guests were arriving , more attracted by the charming hospitality of the countess than by the distinguished position of the count ; for , owing to the good taste of mercédès , one was sure of finding some <unk> at her entertainment worthy of describing , or even copying in case of need . ; woe is me ! you are , and do not exhaust yourselves with useless fatigue . you are unbearable . it , sir ?	184.16310119628906
consented to her request ; and as a commencement , they were to sup together . , ask for the brig <unk> , and give this letter to the captain ; he will convey you to a little port , where certainly you are not expected , and which is ordinarily only frequented by fishermen . ” if he had not taken a sufficient farewell of his beloved daughter . vengeance to me , and i tasted it slowly in the night of my dungeon and the despair of my captivity . back from her yellow forehead , and her eyes , already sunken by the furrows of age , now almost disappeared beneath the eyelids swollen with grief . wager , your honor , that you and	146.2227020263672
i are thinking of the same thing . ” father ! ” exclaimed andrea , evidently charmed with the idea of his speedy departure . you can not lose ground , my fine friend ! ” exclaimed d ’ artagnan . commission , and promised to have these secret places completed by the next day , dantès furnishing the dimensions and plan in accordance with which they were to be constructed . the hands of the usher on duty , who led him into the waiting room and passed on into the interior of the palace . to receive any tidings of my vessel as to remain in doubt . , whereas he never does . ” tree , and with that scrutinizing glance which was so rarely	123.498779296875
deceived , looked up and down the avenue , examined the passers-by , and carefully looked down the neighboring streets , to see that no one was concealed . replied danglars ; and going quickly to the designated place , they called for a bottle of wine , and two glasses . name of heaven , monsieur porthos ! ” cried she . brought in , and she was found deeply engaged in saying her prayers <unk> which she had learned of an old servant of her second husband , a most austere puritan . of character quite french . ” to leave blaisois and grimaud at compiegne with the horses , resolved to take post horses ; and having snatched a hasty dinner they continued their journey	182.8966827392578
to louvres . the officer made no reply ; but drawing from his belt a little silver whistle , such as <unk> use in ships of war , he whistled three times , with three different <unk> . but—— ” me ! their turn , holding the horses of d ’ artagnan and porthos in their hands . upon the cambric front of a shirt , which had considerably changed in color since his entrance into the prison , and he polished his varnished boots with the corner of a handkerchief embroidered with <unk> surmounted by a coronet . escape from this gulf , carrying treasures with them ; she will live and may yet be happy , since her child , in whom all her love is	189.7918243408203
centred , will be with her . , but i will avenge myself for her contempt . ” have <unk> us in the day of battle . a man of his disposition never kills himself , for he constantly hopes . had an appointment with a duchess , he endeavored even to borrow it of athos . fie ! ” said porthos , as if disgusted . spot where monte cristo stopped , if but for two days , luxury abounded and life went on with the utmost ease . understand that vigorous nature which appeared to have none of the <unk> of woman . who made that promise , ” cried morcerf ; “ it must have been someone else whom you have rescued in the same	148.08755493164062
manner , and whom you have forgotten . your mother to take a sword and fight us . ” the greek servants hold no communication with those of this country . ” absolute mistress of your actions , and may go abroad or remain in your apartments as may seem most agreeable to you . expedient to declare himself to a mind as intelligent as mazarin ’ s than to a queen admirable for firmness , without doubt , but too much guided by vain prejudices of birth and of divine right . but you must , in the first place , reveal to the cardinal all you know of your wife ’ s relations with madame de chevreuse . ” and tomorrow , when you awake ,	178.71603393554688
you shall find a collection of costumes with which you will be satisfied . ” you think , porthos ; you know the proverb , ‘ all roads lead to rome . ’ ” , and mousqueton presented themselves , and received clear , positive , and serious orders from athos . examining mme . the baroness , smiling ; “ speaking to you as a friend i can say that the prince does not yet appear all he will be . him . ” the <unk> that you see at the other end of the grove . ” dead , as i hear . of a man ’ s errors come before him disguised under the <unk> form of necessity ; then , after error has been	101.09929656982422
committed in a moment of excitement , of delirium , or of fear , we see that we might have avoided and escaped it . s the matter ? ” asked the latter , “ are you going to be ill just now ? ” to kiss . ” should like to see these <unk> of your industry and patience . ” morcerf , laughing , “ beauchamp , beauchamp , keep that for the <unk> or the <unk> , but spare my future father-in-law before me. ” then , turning to monte cristo , “ you just now spoke his name as if you knew the baron ? ” , ” interrupted d ’ artagnan , “ you are really a precious fellow . ” of populace	77.9056396484375
<unk> so suddenly that d ’ artagnan could not repress a burst of <unk> laughter . he added , with one of those singular smiles which did not escape the young man , “ when i have completed my affairs in paris , i shall go and die in the east ; and should you wish to see me again , you must seek me at cairo , bagdad , or <unk> . ” dear monsieur , if you can handle a sword as skillfully as you can a dice box . ” his pocket and passing his fingers over the largest teeth , pronounced this one word , “ pointed . ” with it now as a mistress is with that of the lover of her heart	96.61739349365234
; and yet milady at the same time detested and despised this weak fanatic . treasure is in the furthest a ... . three times mentioned a m. morrel , ” he said ; “ who was he ? ” as well concealed the comte de la fère , as the name milady clarik concealed anne de <unk> . like a child ; do you not remember ? ” , planchet , ” said d ’ artagnan in a whisper to him , “ or he will not arrive alive ; the lungs are attacked , my friend . ” was buried up to the hilt in the left side of the executioner . ’ s , where , as i expected , i found beauchamp and château-renaud	114.76477813720703
. a vineyard behind the <unk> hill ; but in these days landed property had not much value , and the two palaces and the vineyard remained to the family since they were beneath the <unk> of the pope and his son . sacrificed for you the baronne de— ” monsieur , on guard ! ” ? , for your reply <unk> neither logic nor philosophy ; everything is relative , my dear young friend , from the king who stands in the way of his successor , to the employee who keeps his rival out of a place . stairs , upon the most conspicuous door of the corridor , was traced in black ink a gigantic number “ <unk> ” d ’ artagnan knocked , and	211.9304962158203
upon the bidding to come in which came from inside , he entered the chamber . be wise to set off , ” said d ’ artagnan . in the cellar , where , i presume , he has had an interview with mine host ’ s bottles . the contrary , that it is a charming night , ” replied the countess , “ and those who are here will complain of but one thing , that of its too rapid flight . ” , a name was chosen and posted up on an iron plate , but before construction was begun , it occurred to the possessor of the property that a handsome sum might be obtained for the ground then devoted to fruits and vegetables	141.11624145507812
, by building along the line of the proposed street , and so making it a branch of communication with the faubourg saint-honoré itself , one of the most important <unk> in the city of paris . to the shore ; but when they touched him , although under jacopo ’ s directions , he declared , with heavy groans , that he could not bear to be moved . large as a nut to be worth all that . ” <unk> the <unk> . ” such <unk> <unk> ; and those gendarmes behaved shamefully . , i beg . ” years , morrel , ” said the count , placing his hand on the young man ’ s shoulder . passed since any one has wanted to	89.1017074584961
employ me ; so you see in what a situation i am . ” he added , smiling , “ you have done enough in my service , and if you have any personal matters to settle it is just that i should give you time . ” four horses of our lackeys we will make two for the masters , for which we will draw lots . monte cristo ; “ has it not been agreed that i should take you with me , and did i not tell you yesterday to prepare for departure ? ” the abbé , in a tone which made the dying man shudder ; “ have patience ! ” sound he heard . , my good fellow ; and if it	75.51885223388672
be what i hope , you will do well . ” forth ? ” asked the sweet , silvery voice of mercédès ; “ two o ’ clock has just struck , and you know we are expected in a quarter of an hour . ” we shall go down into the court . ” morrel , in a firm and at the same time soft voice , “ listen to me , as to a man whose thoughts are raised to heaven , though he remains on earth ; i come to die in the arms of a friend . galley-slave <unk> <unk> ! ” still keeping on the defensive , drew near to kitty ’ s door . general cromwell has sent monsieur mordaunt to fetch	77.95052337646484
me . said the captain , “ that was the land signal , will you answer yourself ? ” , except that he is tormented with remorse . ” if they put me there , ” said d ’ artagnan . and fetch me the letter your comrade has in his pocket . ” small salon , excellency , ” returned bertuccio . the italian , “ was your excellency then aware of my visit ? ” work to count his fortune . two culprits . ” . wrong , since it was you who suspected the queen . ” andrea , “ when may we hope for that pleasure ? ” felton entered milady ’ s apartment he found her standing , mounted upon a chair ,	73.16609954833984
holding in her hands a cord made by means of torn cambric handkerchiefs , twisted into a kind of rope one with another , and tied at the ends . ” asked aramis . comprehended that she was <unk> herself by allowing him thus to read her soul ; she collected her features , and in a complaining voice said : “ in the name of heaven , sir , tell me if it is to you , if it is to your government , if it is to an enemy i am to attribute the violence that is done me ? ” chapter 7 . chamber ; he made up his mind not to take a single step to equip himself . do when you arrived at	125.34565734863281
this conclusion ? ” ” replied he , “ follow monsieur de la fere wherever he leads , even were it on to death , without demanding wherefore ; but when it concerns your majesty ’ s service , then , ” added he , looking at the queen with all the grace of former days , “ i precede the count . ” following month the king , in compliance with the promise he had made the cardinal to return to la rochelle , left his capital still in amazement at the news which began to spread itself of buckingham ’ s assassination . ” said monte cristo . artagnan in astonishment . him time to draw it . ” said athos . or eleven o ’	81.41290283203125
clock . ” and sharp night air , and dantès knew that the <unk> was blowing . i require , ” said the old man . villefort , “ i ask where is m. d ’ avrigny ? who detests you without reading you , so he says . ” that time said nothing for fear that d ’ artagnan , interrupted in his turn , should not have the time necessary , from this moment declared that his name was athos , and not d ’ artagnan . maximilian , is not a fable , but an <unk> . ” in this difficulty a bright idea has flashed across my brain . ” to pierce through the darkness . eye to the keyhole , and had discovered	80.99066162109375
andrea in a posture of entreaty . boville , with a tone of entire incredulity , “ five millions to that gentleman who just left , and who bowed to me as though he knew me ? ” estate on which the chapel of the curacy was situated saw this pretend sister , and became enamoured of <unk> to such a degree that he proposed to marry her . said he , ‘ just now carlini would not drink your health when i proposed it to him ; propose mine to him , and let us see if he will be more condescending to you than to me . ’ the moment in rather ill-humor , nevertheless he saluted the young man politely , who bowed to the	144.41162109375
very ground ; and he smiled on receiving d ’ artagnan ’ s response , the béarnese accent of which recalled to him at the same time his youth and his <unk> double remembrance which makes a man smile at all ages ; but stepping toward the antechamber and making a sign to d ’ artagnan with his hand , as if to ask his permission to finish with others before he began with him , he called three times , with a louder voice at each time , so that he ran through the intervening tones between the imperative accent and the angry accent . so , my dear morrel , since the reign of louis xiv . in great afflictions that even in the worst times	133.50161743164062
the first emotion of a crowd has generally been to sympathize with the sufferer in a great catastrophe . will sound particularly charming . ” ; i congratulate him upon it . ” am a bonapartist also , declare one thing to you , which is , that i will kill you . a joyous voice from without , — “ mercédès ! ” it looks so . , i must be satisfied that you are the person i am in search of . ” ; there is a god , ” said monte cristo , “ of whom you are a striking proof , as you lie in utter despair , denying him , while i stand before you , rich , happy , safe and entreating	138.0668182373047
that god in whom you endeavor not to believe , while in your heart you still believe in him . ” ” said franz ; “ things go wonderfully . almost prayers , and prayers where two or three are gathered together invoke the mercy of heaven . either riches or poverty , if my valentine was near me , and i felt certain that no one could deprive me of her ? been intentionally diminished , but the young woman could not conceal the traces of the fever which had devoured her for two days . difficulty which i wished to represent to you , my dear count . made himself known , took the best horse in the stables , mounted and gained the high road	150.767578125
. beauchamp , i wish to return to human and material existence , and if you are still the friend you profess to be , help me to discover the hand that struck the blow . ” see if anybody partook of his opinion ; but on the contrary , he saw nothing but eager eyes which were devouring , in anticipation , that sublime fowl which was the object of his contempt . mazarin , with a smile , “ you may rest easy ; your wishes shall be fulfilled . ” the count , “ summon up all your courage ; still the beatings of your heart ; do not let a sound escape you , and <unk> to be asleep ; then you will see	119.73925018310547
. ” said athos , first breaking the silence , “ d ’ artagnan has given us an excellent program , and the letter must be written at once . ” was <unk> the king , as monsieur le comte thinks , for i know what it is to see a man led to death , and though i ought to be accustomed to the sight it always makes me <unk> i was watching the masked executioner , the idea came to me , as i said , to find out who he was . was he not ? ” said athos , laughing . his hand the lighted match , walked towards the opening in the cavern , and , aided by the faint light which streamed	100.28895568847656
in through the mouth of the cave , picked up the token . , count ? ” asked julie . ! ” said porthos ; “ and i turned my horse aside from going plump on to him ! the most <unk> , the strongest , and the most courageous <unk> for ten leagues around ; and although teresa was universally allowed to be the most beautiful girl of the <unk> , no one had ever spoken to her of love , because it was known that she was beloved by vampa . knowing whether they would ever see each other again . me lose the thread of my sentence . ” my saddle , already loaded . ” in thought . my lord , and we will	96.90530395507812
see . ” , ” she remarked , “ to be making me undergo a course of <unk> . ” asked the young girl . name ! ” , ” asked groslow , “ that stuart will ever escape while i am on guard ? ” in the church of san paolo del <unk> ; here is the priest ’ s certificate . ” ” asked the bandit . ” said he to himself , “ misfortune is over my head ; my wife must have committed some frightful crime . , to await a night sufficiently dark to favor their flight , they were obliged to defer their final attempt till that auspicious moment should arrive ; their greatest dread now was lest the stone through which	125.75347137451172
the sentry was doomed to fall should give way before its right time , and this they had in some measure provided against by <unk> it up with a small beam which they had discovered in the walls through which they had worked their way . authority here ! ” answered a deep voice , which seemed to proceed from a cloud , so enveloped was the cavalier in a whirlwind of dust . ’ artagnan , “ i would give my chance of a captaincy in the <unk> for that to be my name . ” . ” she stammered , “ i beseech you , do not believe appearances . ” was on especial duty that evening , followed to aid and undress her . !	113.36554718017578
” exclaimed la ramee . wearing the same harness she had seen on them in the morning ; only , by the count ’ s orders , in the centre of each rosette that adorned either side of their heads , had been fastened a large diamond . , ” replied d ’ artagnan , carelessly ; “ you see nothing to keep you a little longer in england ? king , his degradation and his murder . ” letter from your friend , which states that my father is in paris , and <unk> me to address myself to you for information respecting him . ” s service ? ” say , monsieur ? ” at last said anne of austria , “ you are silent ,	70.16959381103516
after rendering such a service ? ” have made so easy to me by the depth of the knowledge you possess of them , and the clearness of the principles to which you have reduced <unk> is my treasure , my beloved friend , and with this you have made me rich and happy . for a second invitation . about <unk> at the good breakfast we are going to have ; nothing but what you are fond of . ” my friend and i , that there was some error of which we were the victims , and that an explanation was called for between his eminence and ourselves . ” returned monte cristo , “ my steward has orders to take a box at each theatre	115.20977783203125
. ” milady till that time had only seen a very simple gentleman , had become an admirable jailer . these gascons are incorrigible ! at once to see you . ” not in conscience , therefore , let you run down the speeches of a man who will one day say to me , ‘ vicomte , you know i give my daughter two millions . ’ ” ” said the man proudly ; “ in five minutes he will speak . ” him the salvation of his <unk> and of the kingdom , <unk> in flesh and bone . he , “ let her come , with your consent and that of the baron , and we will try and give her an engagement , though	109.142578125
we are very poor to pay such talent as hers . ” the english nebuchadnezzar , ” replied the staunch puritan . replied , “ and my protector is very kind . ” . ” , which you can dispose of as you wish and return to me when opportunity occurs . a man possesses a young and pretty wife , he has no need to seek happiness elsewhere . them is a rich lord from touraine and the other a knight of malta , of noble family . gentleman can die . ” weak mind , was wanting in generosity . astonishment at this singular conduct until they heard footsteps . by the other door . ” the objects of his search upon the chimney-piece ; they	166.8817138671875
were a pen , ink , and paper . aramis , ” said d ’ artagnan , in his turn heaving a profound sigh , “ that is my story you are relating ! ” wait , ” replied valentine , who revived at these words ; “ there are so many things which may save unhappy beings such as we are . ” ” said caderousse in a choking voice , “ i was there . ” feeble than usual . i do not doubt your eminence ’ s <unk> ” am not a millionaire , like the gentleman in the next apartments , ” said franz , “ i warn you , that as i have been four times before at rome , i know the	62.10939025878906
<unk> of all the carriages ; we will give you twelve piastres for today , tomorrow , and the day after , and then you will make a good profit . ” of the emperor , fernand was <unk> . moment . ” ; it was you who took him , count , ” said raoul , smiling . young man , ” said monte cristo “ and i felt a lively interest in him the very first evening of my introduction , when i met him in search of a supper , and prevailed upon him to accept a portion of mine . that , sir , ” replied chatillon ( for it was he who , with flamarens , was leaving the duc de beaufort )	71.60496520996094
, “ you may be assured ; for if we meet by night without seeking each other , much more shall we meet by day when wishing it . ” not so well fortified as the others and determined to break through it . , also join in betraying me , monsieur cardinal , by thus always opposing my will ? ! man , of fair <unk> little too fair , <unk> in manners ; but you will see and judge for yourself . ” emmanuel , who never studied , and a <unk> for julie , who never played . and cloak . ” that you would have acted much more wisely if you had not required me to make myself known . ” , and stopped	158.1529998779297
up with vast masses of stone the hole dantès had partly filled in . well , ” said the workman aloud , in excellent english . poor girl what was the matter with her ; but she , as her only reply , drew a letter from her pocket and gave it to him . sympathetic devotion which jacopo had from the first bestowed on edmond , the latter was moved to a certain degree of affection . lackey . and groslow , who was wiping the perspiration from off his forehead , answered : soup , were about to lift the first glass of wine to their lips , when all at once the cannon sounded from fort louis and fort neuf . which had been shown	192.7528533935547
him by the banker ’ s family , in which he had been received as a son , and where , besides , his warmest affections had found an object on which to centre in mademoiselle danglars . this expedition for a day , and monsieur paid him his compliments upon it . . ” cried edmond , falling on his knees before his father . lord , that normandy should be given to madame de longueville , with five hundred thousand francs and full absolution . above us ; the castle of yanina rose white and angular from the blue waters of the lake , and the immense masses of black vegetation which , viewed in the distance , gave the idea of <unk> clinging to the	127.22392272949219
rocks , were in reality gigantic <unk> and myrtles . monsieur , ” said d ’ artagnan , bowing again , “ a courtesy , for which , i assure you , i am very grateful . ” , do i not ? ” wish for ? ” asked she . gentlemen , ” said the queen , “ since it is thus , and since you are willing to devote yourselves to the service of a poor princess whom the whole world has abandoned , this is what is required to be done for me . of the bed and softly kissed the placid forehead of her son ; then she retired as silently as she had come , merely saying to laporte : , amongst the	82.40018463134766
men whom you do not recognize as your <unk> you have said so , ” observed villefort in a tone that faltered <unk> “ you alone are perfect . ” “ oh , no , no ! ” rising and retreating to the very wall . an <unk> torture seized upon his heart . i believe , already . ” that the second soldier was a swiss of gigantic proportions , so , save that some few of the seams split , his uniform fitted porthos perfectly . your <unk> ” survey of the pit , encountered a pale face and threatening eyes , which evidently sought to gain his attention . , but no longer strike the blow <unk> , indeed . ” had waited only for	180.26791381835938
this demonstration to burst out , all the sentiments of hostility that possessed it <unk> simultaneously . , ” replied the hostess , pointing to the wounded man ; “ i ask you if you recognize him ? ” day their tongues were loosened ; with the sun gaiety revived . , ” said morrel , rising from his seat , “ let us go and see , and heaven have pity upon us if it be false intelligence ! ” remained a quarter of an hour with them , conversing on all subjects with the greatest ease . the weeping girl , “ i am obliged to own that my stepmother ’ s aversion to me arises from a very natural <unk> <unk> love for her own	146.7205352783203
child , my brother edward . ” , and in the course of the month gained <unk> francs . , taking refuge in vitry ; only a few men remained . friend of ours . ” ” reflected a little , and wrote the following lines , which he immediately submitted to the approbation of his friends . ” said the count , “ after this time you must live with me—you must not leave me , and in a week we shall have left france behind us . ” much urging . , then ? ” based on this legend . in the eyes of the doctor and his father , he only saw an expression as inflexible as that of maximilian . my lord ! ”	87.67539978027344
said aramis . retained its inanimate expression . , and confessions die in my breast . in safety in a convent ; she is at béthune ! , then ? ” king of england , charles i. , on learning of the death of the duke , was that such terrible news might <unk> the rochellais ; he tried , says richelieu in his _memoirs_ , to conceal it from them as long as possible , closing all the ports of his kingdom , and carefully keeping watch that no vessel should sail until the army which buckingham was getting together had gone , taking upon himself , in default of buckingham , to superintend the departure . , monsieur commissary , that you are in the profoundest	184.22879028320312
error , that i know nothing in the world about what my wife had to do , that i am entirely a stranger to what she has done ; and that if she has committed any follies , i renounce her , i <unk> her , i curse her ! ” are allowed ; but if your eminence wishes it , we will discontinue the permission . ” ” said athos , “ that i saw milady last night . ” ” replied the young man naively ; “ i felt a great chill at my heart , and at the word ‘ fire , ’ which resounded in spanish from the enemy ’ s ranks , i closed my eyes and thought of you . ” then	97.95721435546875
? ” said fernand , lifting up his head , and looking at caderousse like a man who looks for someone on whom to vent his anger ; “ mercédès is not accountable to any person , is she ? personages a strange silence , during which the sound of a slow and regular step was heard approaching . brother ! ” she cried . ; that was the remembrance of her husband , the comte de la fère , whom she had believed dead , or at least <unk> , and whom she found again in <unk> best friend of d ’ artagnan . ” said he , addressing broussel , “ silence that woman and follow me . ” , ” she said . he ,	76.55799102783203
on perceiving d ’ artagnan . is about to die and i come to prepare him . ” ; milady was in it . not my secret ; i must not , therefore , tell you . ” the count , “ you have , then , not forgotten that i saved your life ; that is strange , for it is a week ago . ” a hope that in italy , as elsewhere , there might be an exception to the general rule . , thinking he saw an opening , he thrust his right in and forced mordaunt to parry a counter en <unk> so fine that the point of the weapon might have turned within a wedding ring . he has done , this	96.27578735351562
child ? mistaken ? ” ” said porthos , “ now that you have reminded me of it , athos , i have the scene again before me , as if i now were there . the appointed hour , the four friends met . or three years i had allowed myself some respite . porthos , placing a finger on his lips . baron , ” answered m. de boville ; “ the charities present themselves to you through me ; the <unk> and orphans <unk> me to receive alms to the amount of five millions from you . ” the young princess , falling on her knees , “ have mercy on us ! ” the best <unk> of the palais royal , who did the	77.63578033447266
plate in my presence . looking for her ? ” them all , from the first to the last ? ” said athos . ” said milady . never did <unk> , produce a greater effect on the <unk> . my lord ! ” replied d ’ artagnan , surprised . hospitality from the guest of the good abbé and not from the good abbé himself . ” is quite fair , and that <unk> so much red , you ought to reap a little blue . ” entreat of you , who and what you are ? ” said he at length . her eyelids , and glance over her extended arm . is quite another thing . ” said albert with a smile , “ it	67.89379119873047
is evident you do not know the count of monte cristo ; he <unk> all honors , and contents himself with those written on his passport . ” the least surprise . escaped ? ” ; athos never had concerns which all his friends did not know . morcerf , “ for three days i believed myself the object of the attentions of a masque , whom i took for a descendant of <unk> or <unk> , while i was simply the object of the attentions of a _contadina_ , and i say _contadina_ to avoid saying peasant girl . after having been elated by flattering hopes , it sees all its illusions destroyed . about it , when it was all done when i was down there	146.44606018066406
? ” not altogether forsaken , ” continued caderousse , “ for mercédès the catalan and monsieur morrel were very kind to him ; but somehow the poor old man had contracted a profound hatred for fernand—the very person , ” added caderousse with a bitter smile , “ that you named just now as being one of dantès ’ faithful and attached friends . ” , and saw the sickly countenance of la carconte peering between the baluster <unk> ; attracted by the sound of voices , she had feebly dragged herself down the stairs , and , seated on the lower step , head on knees , she had listened to the foregoing conversation . mass ? ” asked one of the attendants . , love	178.93211364746094
mercédès ? ” entered . leaving the cabaret they took different directions , my brother went and hid himself on the road of the catholic , and i on that of the huguenot . monte cristo , “ impossible ! ” hear the sound of felton ’ s steps , and rising quick as thought , she blushed , as if ashamed of being surprised on her knees . st. jacques , under verdant arches . tears in her eyes . on , the two young men and the poor lackey descended . certainty that he fell ; and it seemed to me that he was borne away with his two companions . ” front , surrounded by <unk> , and when he saw athos and aramis a	111.26969909667969
glow of pleasure lighted his pale cheeks . of inward contemplation , valentine had ceased for a moment to join in the conversation . sprang into the vehicle , the door was closed , but not so rapidly that monte cristo failed to perceive the almost imperceptible movement which stirred the curtains of the apartment in which he had left madame de morcerf . leave a few crowns for me at the gate that i may have some things i am in need of ! ” ! rest will set me up , and i hope i shall find among the rocks certain herbs most excellent for bruises . ” escaped , it is not my fault , i swear . ” ! <unk> bill for the <unk>	137.19639587402344
francs , and at the other was a diamond as large as a <unk> , with these words on a small slip of parchment : <unk> ’ s <unk> . some one on whom we can count ; for i imagine , just now , that <unk> cromwell would not be inclined to trifle with us . de winter , who was known to be one of his grace ’ s most intimate friends , the officer of the post gave orders to let felton pass , who , besides , wore the uniform of a naval officer . eugénie , “ you are very pale ! ” , that there is now but one way open . again ! for assistance ? <unk> i call ? ”	109.00469970703125
woman was covered with a black velvet mask ; but notwithstanding this precaution , which was in fact taken rather against others than against him , he at once recognized his usual guide , the light and intelligent mme . the truth , my gentlemen , ” said he , addressing the musketeers , “ and it will not be my fault if our encounter this evening be not advantageous to you . only guess it , because that sort of thing is generally found in prisoners ’ cells . ” a carriage , which appeared to have come from paris , had made a deep impression in the soft earth , which did not extend beyond the pavilion , but turned again toward paris . ” said	155.4444580078125
aramis . now slipped through the window . comrades . ” ” murmured the woman , from her seat on the stairs , “ mind what you are saying ! ” artagnan opened his eyes . finding the luck turned , that i again staked the diamond . ” alone . sorts of <unk> . deep shadow , was the outline of a masculine figure ; but the features of this latter personage it was not possible to distinguish . his interrogatories of the bastille . come yet ? ” no one answered . if at last awakened ; the soldiers had come out of their <unk> and taken up their station in battle array . not so closely adjusted but that a hasty peep might be obtained	150.14019775390625
through their interstices ; but the strict decorum and rigid propriety of the inhabitants of the house left no grounds for <unk> that advantage would be taken of that circumstance . ? —come , tell me ! ” , remained majestic and intact in his susceptibility , till he came to this unlucky city of meung . the end of some seconds two sharp taps were heard inside . ” cried franz : “ the only hope which sustained me and enabled me to read to the end was that of knowing , at least , the name of him who killed my father ! , ” said the latter , with his <unk> tone ; “ how do you do ? ” friends ! , you are	135.806884765625
right—it is fatality ! ” she . , because honest folks are so rare . stone which had struck him on the forehead , had left a picket in the street and returned to the palais royal , followed by a menacing crowd , to tell his story . remarking that they were much slower than the beatings of her heart ; and still she doubted , —the inoffensive valentine could not imagine that anyone should desire her death . aramis , taking a purse which bazin presented to him . ” replied the cardinal , quickly . to them , but i should hesitate ere i trusted them with your majesty ’ s . ” of my revenge . his eye dull , his speech slow and	132.3701934814453
painful , athos would look for hours together at his bottle , his glass , or at grimaud , who , accustomed to obey him by signs , read in the faint glance of his master his least desire , and satisfied it immediately . moment . face were effaced ; he had still a nose , but his cheeks , <unk> out , each took a portion of it unto themselves ; his chin had joined his throat ; his eyes were swelled up with the <unk> of his cheeks ; his hair , cut straight in holy guise , covered his forehead as far as his eyebrows . over himself , or whether by accident he did not sound the <unk> <unk> that in other circumstances	179.7423553466797
had been touched , he was tonight like everybody else . four men , and the need they felt of seeing another three or four times a day , whether for dueling , business , or pleasure , caused them to be continually running after one another like shadows ; and the inseparables were constantly to be met with seeking one another , from the luxembourg to the place st. sulpice , or from the rue du vieux-colombier to the luxembourg . not less incredible was the purse he held in his hand , the <unk> <unk> splendid diamond . talking about it when we left paris , ” said m. de saint-méran ; “ and where is it decided to transfer him ? ” , she decided	187.41171264648438
on leaving paris with a nun of her acquaintance ; they are gone to seek a very strict convent in italy or spain . ” ? ” monseigneur . ” he perceived m. bonacieux in morning costume , standing at his threshold . to the duke . ” , i allow , when his news is correct ; but when it is not , there are fifty others in the world who would do better than he . ” fear , my friend , ” said morrel , raising his head , and smiling with a sweet expression on the count ; “ i shall no longer attempt my life . ” was heard , and the staircase creaked beneath a feeble step . incredible perseverance of its	90.8285903930664
mayor , had attempted a sort of <unk> for a surrender ; the mayor had hanged the <unk> . reply , but her lover could plainly hear her sobs and tears . , la carconte , and find a bag somewhere . ’ his investigations , a more abundant and more icy sweat rolled in large drops from his forehead ; his heart was oppressed by a horrible anguish ; his respiration was broken and short . morrel , captain of spahis , —and son of my former patron , pierre morrel , shipowner at marseilles , —the sum of twenty millions , a part of which may be offered to his sister julie and brother-in-law emmanuel , if he does not fear this increase of fortune may	272.8360290527344
<unk> their happiness . ” said monte cristo “ you have all the documents with you ? ” touch me to the heart , ” said julie . shall get it . ” athos , “ you are the <unk> poet of france or navarre . ” athos , with an accent like that of a man who perceives he is about to tread upon an <unk> . so <unk> <unk> <unk> of ill , that you can not understand , valentine ? ” , my dear count , ” said danglars ; “ you are a man of the world , are you not ? ” containing the ladies of honor , the officers of the royal household , and the court . then , this niece	52.67459487915039
of the doctor ? ” interrupted porthos , one of whose faults was a great <unk> of tongue . not at this moment at least . ” once more and saw caderousse sitting by the side of a long table upon one of the low wooden stools which in country places are frequently used instead of chairs ; his back was turned towards me , so that i could not see the expression of his <unk> should i have been able to do so had he been placed differently , as his head was buried between his two hands . . ” ” said the count , looking at franz with the earnestness usual to him ; “ and what may it be ? ” check with regard	121.0723876953125
to felton has not disgusted you with attempts of that kind . ” in your money boxes , or , since you have clerks whom you pay , vent it upon them . ” ” replied the abbé , “ he should be a man blessed of god , rich , happy . ” your husband die ? ” he thinks . not worth reckoning with the general stock . ” fit of apoplexy , and he might be saved if he could but be bled ! ” , my friend . ” villefort , “ we will not entertain you any longer with our family misfortunes . has returned to paris , has she ? ” inquired the baroness . . ” wanting in grandeur ; i	101.32588958740234
see but one impediment . ” chevalier d ’ humieres his fifty horsemen , less two , missing at roll call . him . called away just now ? ” asked mademoiselle de saint-méran , with an air of deep interest . when i was young , i speak english like an englishman , and aramis , too , knows something of the language . <unk> millionaires ; they are regular misers . i shall have the honor to inform you of it . be devoted to that very queen for whom just now you were seeking servants . ” how necessary <unk> is in any large establishment of servants . ” had taken off his mask and imitation beard , then , mounting a staircase , had	160.88961791992188
opened a door , and in a room lighted by a single lamp found himself face to face with a man seated behind a desk . other <unk> ? ” . me , mademoiselle ; i shall be a bad judge in such a case ; my selfishness will blind me , ” replied morrel , whose low voice and clenched hands announced his growing desperation . was at last disturbed by the slight rustling of silk , and d ’ artagnan started when he perceived the tapestry raised by a white hand , which , by its form , its color and its beauty he recognized as that royal hand which had one day been presented to him to kiss . porthos arrived with a very cross	148.3992919921875
look on his face , and was astonished to find the lieutenant resigned and mousqueton almost merry . , porthos ? ” said he . house where he <unk> is suspected . ” this precaution on the part of the bandit , went before teresa , and continued to advance with the same firm and easy step as before . can have uttered the cry , ” said the king , “ but the noise is easily understood . cried he , turning to noirtier , “ do what you <unk> me understand in some way ! ” service ? ” the <unk> is dead ? ” country through which we walk , becomes indistinct as we advance . ! ” he exclaimed . coat , a blow	96.66735076904297
from a <unk> had cut it open on the flank and a pistol shot had cut his feather in two . fireworks the carriages instantly broke ranks , and retired by the adjacent streets . heated , ” said the doctor ; “ but really it is a useless precaution . ” , according to your majesty ’ s command , i have frequently interrogated , told me this morning that the night before last her majesty sat up very late , that this morning she wept much , and that she was writing all day . ” ” said albert , “ i will endeavor to return your politeness at rome , and place my <unk> at your disposal until your own be ready . ” ,	153.6323699951172
then upon both . a moment , and then said , in a gloomy voice , “ suppose it ’ s false ? ” andrea , “ i shall not overtake my friend , but i shall kill your horse , therefore i had better stop . this <unk> of yours is a <unk> fine-looking <unk> dressed . times , as i think , when i have waited for my wife at the wicket of the louvre to escort her home . ” his right to that title , madame ? ” said she . require someone to answer for me ? ” of the torch was reflected on the wall ; the guide was coming ; monte cristo went to meet him . be alone . .	67.52733612060547
the president , “ your name and <unk> ? ” said the same sharp and imperative voice . deep conviction that heaven would not have created two hearts , <unk> as ours do , and almost miraculously brought us together , to separate us at last . ” not look in that way at me ! love him for all his goodness to us ! ” all that not even a scratch ! tried to encourage felton in his project ; but at the first words which issued from her mouth , she plainly saw that the young fanatic stood more in need of being <unk> than urged . <unk> ; d ’ artagnan ate in silence , revolving in his mind the most audacious plans . orangery	191.80894470214844
to the hunting lodge . , yet the duke continued his course . the shade of the fine avenue of lime-trees , which forms one of the most frequent walks of the idlers of marseilles , covered by an immense <unk> , which spreads its aged and blackened branches over the stone front , burnt yellow by the ardent sun of the south . was passed to find the fastening , then a second ; the window turned on its hinges , and a man entered . love nothing else in me ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . , my dear monsieur mouston , but i warn you that paris will be burnt down to-night ; ” upon which mousqueton had declared , without asking anything further	176.67933654785156
, that he was ready to follow his master and monsieur d ’ artagnan to the end of the world . give caderousse a little courage . perhaps the result of chance ; but they might be the fruits of a plot . the poor mother , who tried every means , “ when i call you edmond , why do you not call me mercédès ? ” it to me ! fellow ! ” replied athos , “ wait <unk> ; we have scarcely left him two hours <unk> does not know yet in what direction we came nor where we are . asked him to drink some of it ? ” such treatment , arose , pale and trembling ; it would be difficult to say	86.63065338134766
whether his emotion were caused by fear or passion . loves a father , brother , husband ! ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . dreams with the immensity of the ocean , he came , his horse going at a foot ’ s pace , to a hill from the top of which he perceived behind a hedge , reclining on the sand and catching in its passage one of those rays of the sun so rare at this period of the year , seven men surrounded by empty bottles . disturb my thoughts make your house odious and fatal . ! few paces from me , i saw that what i had taken for a weapon was only a spade . for you , my friend	165.39987182617188
, ” replied the count . mademoiselle , ” said milady ; “ i don ’ t like comments . ” ; he then heard a noise of something falling , and all was silent . cried d ’ artagnan , making them a sign to replace in the scabbard their <unk> swords . to choose your career , ” observed the count of morcerf , with a sigh ; “ and you have chosen the path strewed with flowers . ” of the _fête_ . ” ” said debray , “ you did fight some time ago ; about what ? ” was i not accessory to his death by my <unk> insensibility , by my contempt for him , not remembering , or not willing to	73.68560791015625
remember , that it was for my sake he had become a traitor and a <unk> ? say that the flirtation between albert and the fair peasant continued all day . horse was entered under the name of vampa ? ” coming over yonder . ” i killed chatillon , adored of the ladies of saint germain , i am too great a celebrity not to fear a prison doubly . la ramee ; and one by one he sent away the guards , on various pretexts . , ” added porthos . ” d ’ artagnan replied . a corner of the room , where he himself would be in deep shadow , while the light would be fully thrown on the narrator ; then , with	144.74453735351562
head bent down and hands clasped , or rather clenched together , he prepared to give his whole attention to caderousse , who seated himself on the little stool , exactly opposite to him . occur to me , would be to die in my father ’ s stead ; that would save us all . ” would die of it ! henrietta , and , unintentionally , doubtless , has maintained a centre of inextinguishable civil war in my country . with the promptness characteristic of the bourgeois whenever they are moved by any sentiment whatever to disguise themselves as soldiers . ? he , “ and i have some questions sufficiently serious to put to you . , my good barrois , ” said valentine .	165.80361938476562
<unk> one ’ ? ” said he ; “ here is a soup which is rather inviting . ” ” he said to his companion , who had just come in after his round with d ’ artagnan , “ are you thirsty ? ” your father has dishonored himself ? ” it—the cursed letter ! ” , proud and joyful , to my country . royal honors will be accorded to it . i tell you she had been stolen from me ? ” dear count , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ his eminence didn ’ t actually insist on our attending him ; it is du vallon and i who have insisted , and even in a manner somewhat <unk> , perhaps , so	82.6822738647461
great was our longing to see you . ” a small government pension for her . ’ longer aware , ” continued anne , giving that sweet expression to her voice which she could do at will , “ that in former days the queen had once need of a young , brave and devoted <unk> she found this <unk> that , although he might have thought that she had forgotten him , she had kept a place for him in the depths of her heart ? ” you , sir , that this abuse of power , this exile under a fictitious name , are infamous ! ” past of this woman terrible things which his red mantle alone could cover ; and he felt , from	152.5527801513672
one cause or another , that this woman was his own , as she could look to no other but himself for a support superior to the danger which threatened her . say that he is shocked and astonished that m. de villefort , who appeared to be aware of all the circumstances detailed this morning , should not have anticipated him in this announcement . ” minutes ago , and he is now occupied in dictating his will to two notaries . ” d ’ artagnan . of the mother was almost frantic . to attain such sublimity ? ” on my return , you shall sleep tonight in the conciergerie . ” said felton , “ the baron de winter wrote to you the other day	106.03839111328125
to request you to sign an order of embarkation relative to a young woman named charlotte backson . ” the adjoining room ; monte cristo dropped a very small portion of the red liquid upon her lips ; she returned to consciousness . ? —very little without you , mother ; for believe me , but for you i should have ceased to live on the day i doubted my father and renounced his name . ? ” asked lord de winter , sternly . bazin to fasten up his horse and that of aramis in the same manner . , this fire indicates the presence of unpleasant neighbors ? ” said m. d ’ avrigny . considered the death of charles i. as a misfortune necessary to	168.69491577148438
the welfare of england . ” would it do ? ” asked caderousse . some little writing for me—the least bit of paper which may show that you come in his name . that face by the light of the lantern in his tilbury , or was he merely struck with the horrible appearance of his interrogator ? ; it is to him that the queen has been writing all the day . s hand and kissed it ; the count allowed him to pay the homage he felt due to him . what you will ; only remember , though the name be blank , it is to you i give it . ” saw the island tinged with the shades of twilight , and then disappear	138.27606201171875
in the darkness from all eyes but his own , for he , with vision accustomed to the gloom of a prison , continued to behold it last of all , for he remained alone upon deck . governor countersigned the passport and delivered it to d ’ artagnan . then , may i confide my sorrows and my hopes ? ” in a grotto , went towards the opening , and through a kind of <unk> saw a blue sea and an azure sky . he has fled ; let him <unk> is a <unk> offence . ” prison , but the character of monsieur de beaufort was particularly disposed to become so . , his costume , which was not of <unk> cut , excited the	135.70428466796875
susceptibility of m. de <unk> , who was all astonishment at finding that this young man had the audacity to enter before the king in such attire . , <unk> to my mind . of his own power , certain that the laws which rule other men could not reach him , he went straight to the object he aimed at , even were this object so elevated and so dazzling that it would have been madness for any other even to have contemplated it . the same time uneasy , ran after him and seized him by the arm . . ground and departed . , ” replied the unhappy man , the tears starting to his eyes at this simple question , — “ nothing ,	126.69789123535156
only i want it . ” instant they heard a furious fusillade . but at the same time , remember , we must continue to play our respective parts . your instinct tell you now ? ” the count ; “ i take pleasure in saying that you have served me faithfully , bertuccio ; but you might have shown more confidence in me . ” ” said athos , offering his hand to d ’ artagnan . must provide for everything ) , i shall try to gain the coast of france . least two men fell ; but the march of those who remained was not <unk> . . ” , m. baptistin . do not be offended at the question i am about to put	78.09405517578125
to you , as it comes in the way of my duty as your patron . i weep for you . bonacieux sounded on the door , the two young people felt their hearts bound within them . ” said porthos , “ what then ? ” the cardinal , opening the door . enter , as they might have left some turnkey to watch the dead . world , then , forever ; that is a settled thing—a resolution registered ! ” , body and soul , to the demon , the devil , for money ! ” will you accord him hospitality ? ” said planchet , humiliated by the suspicion , and moreover , terrified at the calm air of the musketeer . de villefort	102.19415283203125
are both coming to this dinner . to laugh <unk> in another manner . ” the coadjutor , from madame de longueville , and the prince de conti ; madame de chevreuse and madame de vendome have left their names at his door . august 23 , 1628 lord , but at the very first <unk> you give of such a thing i will strangle you and become frondist . a load of money to hang , and what is the use of them , i should like to know ? ” monk . make my teeth <unk> and seem to <unk> my bones , begin to pervade my whole frame ; in five minutes the malady will reach its height , and in a quarter of an	138.59991455078125
hour there will be nothing left of me but a corpse . ” , who commands your troops at charenton . ” on a chair , starting at the least noise , for toward midnight the lamp went out , and i was again in darkness . that i shall live ? ” retreat was sounded . had <unk> the <unk> was for this i had <unk> was for this i was waiting . danglars . a kind of admiration ; he was not insensible to such a proof of courage . of monsieur le prince , i laid a few snares in the runs ; and while reclining on the banks of his highness ’ s pieces of water , i slipped a few lines into his	115.29287719726562
fish ponds . must sleep at beaucaire . against an adjoining wall , <unk> by the same artificial heat . , ” said la ramee , with his rude laugh , “ you still set yourself against this poor fellow ? ” ! ” said emmanuel , thinking of morcerf and danglars . ’ artagnan to act as he thinks proper , ” said athos . ; a miserable old age awaits you . ? ” said monte cristo , starting . yards in the street when he perceived that he was followed by a man , wrapped in a large cloak . he feared that the emotion of his voice would betray him . and hastened to conduct the count out . <unk> , villequier and d	86.82568359375
’ <unk> , ” said the prince , “ recall all the troops that are on this side of the lys . who <unk> you , mademoiselle . ” doubt very fine , ” said porthos ; “ but deuce take me if i understand at all . ” presuming , i am aware . ourselves twice over , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ we have given ourselves to you ; command , we shall obey . ” ! ” if in prayer . count . ” what more does athos say ? ” continued he , repeating the count ’ s words “ i should have been a dead man—thrice dead . ” faria , how well did you judge men and things ! ”	76.9655990600586
dear sir ; then i consent to cut throats with you . again , at full gallop . ” father . of it as that we two are christians . ” , just as d ’ artagnan and his companions were prepared to mount . have said before , had been educated at the court , and the intrigues of this court were not unknown to him . ? ” man , since you have made your first passage of arms , and have acquired the right to go where you will without consulting me . ” tréville , “ it is a sad thing that in the unfortunate times in which we live , the purest life , the most incontestable virtue , can not exempt a	98.67312622070312
man from infamy and persecution . you come ? ’ said he to him . the coadjutor found it strictly guarded and a man approached him . , m. de morcerf sets you the example . ” it is a settled thing ; and now , my lord , will you obtain for me an audience with the queen ? ” myself , my lord , ” she said , “ the cardinal will do nothing , and will even , perhaps , act against us . you see it is all useless , and that my father ’ s mind is really <unk> , ” said villefort . excited jealousy . filled with roman peasants . ” , and all the house had the same regard for	85.12500762939453
d ’ artagnan that one would have for hercules should he return to earth to repeat his twelve labors . a child when his father died , he knows very little of m. noirtier , and will meet him , if not with pleasure , at least with indifference . ” gazed for some time upon the great city . lily , or a sweet rose , you had to search for it , concealed in some corner behind a mother with a <unk> , or an aunt with a <unk> . he had found porthos in bed with a strained knee , and aramis at a table between two <unk> . said the count , “ did you never tell me that you had travelled in france	111.40061950683594
? ” the young girl . us some ill turn ? hesitation , dantès entered the second grotto . duc de grammont . ” with this , monseigneur ? ” said d ’ artagnan , who had no doubt the accusation came from milady , “ a woman branded by the justice of the country ; a woman who has espoused one man in france and another in england ; a woman who poisoned her second husband and who attempted both to poison and assassinate me ! ” ordinary events took place . to disturb those who pray , madame , ” said felton , seriously ; “ do not disturb yourself on my account , i beseech you . ” ” said the cardinal , “ and	75.61307525634766
for what purpose ? ” set foot on shore , he forgot , for the moment at least , the events which had just passed , while he finished his affairs of pleasure at florence , and then thought of nothing but how he should rejoin his companion , who was awaiting him at rome . morrel made extraordinary efforts to get in all his resources . positively , ‘ make a sacrifice unto the lord . ’ ” entered the château d ’ if ; he was <unk> when he escaped . reverend sir , or have you there soldiers ready to seize me ? ” ? one then ? ” asked the officer . by having followed the orders of your superiors with more intelligence and	154.823974609375
courage than another would have done ? how matters have progressed ? they have remained upon this small promontory , on which they had settled like a flight of <unk> , without <unk> with the marseillaise population , <unk> , and preserving their original customs and the costume of their <unk> as they have preserved its language . , who , coming up to athos to ask charity , athos offered him half a crown to accompany him where he was going . , that the examination shall take place as soon as possible , and i will furnish the house with all necessary information . ” can you jest at a time when we have such deep cause for uneasiness ? ” , you don ’ t	166.908935546875
believe what i have told you ; is it not so ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , carefully avoiding to utter either the former name borne by porthos or his new one , “ then he has not forgotten me ? ” noticed him ? ” , ” said beauchamp , “ let us call on m. de monte cristo ; he is admirably adapted to revive one ’ s spirits , because he never interrogates , and in my opinion those who ask no questions are the best <unk> . ” would make me one promise . ” sir , ” said anne . that out ? ” inquired athos . moment and arranged their <unk> papers on the velvet cloth embroidered with gold which	94.0608139038086
covered the table prepared for the signature ; it was a gilt table supported on lions ’ claws . side of the wall which <unk> and retains the most heat , they may be seen sometimes talking to one another , but more frequently alone , watching the door , which sometimes opens to call forth one from the gloomy assemblage , or to throw in another outcast from society . , which was locked , and , without speaking a word , answered dantès ’ question ; for he saw between the ranks of the soldiers a passage formed from the carriage to the port . of hunger rather than part with these precious pledges ; but now that this ornament may be useful to him or	247.44705200195312
his defenders , everything must be sacrificed . rights of the great land owners . the abbé , as he returned to the apartment below , “ what have you made up your mind to do ? ” it is exactly 48,000 francs , which i am still owing him , but i dare say we shall not dispute the difference . it is very natural , ” returned bertuccio , “ since it was in this house that my vengeance was accomplished . ” the <unk> , or st. <unk> countries , where the point of honor is better understood than among our hot-headed parisians . who is devoted to your eminence , as you know . ” loss of blood by <unk> . aramis , raising	104.03582763671875
his pistol as he passed by him ; but the powder flashed in the pan and it did not go off . second , and began that day to carry out his resolve . viscount ! ” exclaimed franz . imprudent man ! m ready to do what you will , ” cried porthos ; “ even to swear by mahomet . honor of assuring you that i killed one of them with his own sword , ” said aramis ; “ for mine was broken at the first parry . of sherry and a biscuit . ; they merely attached a heavy cannon-ball to the feet , and then threw them into the sea . his eyes fixed on a black line which bordered the banks of	108.9891586303711
the tyne and seemed to extend double the length of the camp . , leaning out of his window , which looked upon the most populous part of the city , heard the act of parliament , which summoned the <unk> , charles i. , to the bar , publicly cried . , that we have crossed swords as enemies . francs at the beginning of the month , but on the <unk> we made up for it , and we now find that our accounts , reckoning from the first day of partnership up to yesterday , when i closed them , showed a capital of <unk> francs , that is , <unk> for each of us . hour the stone was <unk> from the wall ,	112.49834442138672
leaving a <unk> a foot and a half in <unk> . of my <unk> , and ripped out the seams in the sheets of my bed , during my three years ’ imprisonment at fenestrelle ; and when i was removed to the château d ’ if , i managed to bring the <unk> with me , so that i have been able to finish my work here . ” crevice ; after they got along a few paces the passage widened . ’ artagnan , obliging athos to look in the direction he pointed , showed him the body of mordaunt floating on its back , which , sometimes <unk> , sometimes rising , seemed still to pursue the four friends with looks of insult and mortal	144.84249877929688
hatred . arrest me ? ” pearls , the pins in her hair were of gold and diamonds , her girdle was of turkey silk , with large embroidered flowers , her bodice and skirt were of cashmere , her apron of indian muslin , and the buttons of her <unk> were of jewels . the back stairs , he desired them to wait . the surface of the sea and groslow and his three sailors were consumed . it appears , and i ask your pardon . ” ” said the duchess . . ” , for she is much to be pitied . that good fellow , porthos . , ” said milady . sent to the next stage , and in six hours all the	130.04348754882812
horses stationed on the road were ready . head between the railings , to try if his glance could penetrate the gloom . , and i will give it to you . ” to speak a great deal in the murder case , and that you should take something to keep up your strength ; ” and the valet placed the cup on the table nearest to the sofa , which was , like all the rest , covered with papers . honor of knowing madame danglars ; but i have already met m. lucien debray . ” how it is , ” said athos , becoming still paler , but yet attempting to laugh ; “ i was sure it was <unk> hanging of people is my	101.19952392578125
nightmare . ” the queen , “ in awaiting the cardinal ’ s decision let there be , if you please , a reference to the king only . ” said he . thousand precautions to take , a thousand counsels to give to her defender , in order that he might avoid explanations with the count before witnesses . , ” said villefort ; “ it would be better to take her to her carriage . ” me , felton ? sir , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ to observe you are in error . ? ” ! ” cried porthos , “ like the crows , you always bring bad <unk> . ! ” as they approached . wearing a handkerchief like yours on	68.91375732421875
my head , <unk> on my back , and worn-out shoes on my feet , you would not have known me . ” <unk> , near toulon . must take his departure , still in obscurity . ” said the count of morcerf , “ for a man of your merit , italy is not a country , and france opens her arms to receive you ; respond to her call . made war against each other ; there was the king , who made war against the cardinal ; there was spain , which made war against the king . dantès , “ mark this ; if you refuse at least to tell mercédès i am here , i will some day hide myself behind the door	103.46595764160156
, and when you enter i will dash out your brains with this stool . ” public prison , and with <unk> of all sorts ; still , by degrees nature , or rather custom , had prevailed , and he suffered from being naked , dirty , and hungry . was not only the <unk> , but the <unk> of the party ; and as he was a man full of forethought , these trousers , carefully rolled up in his valise , contained every sort of tool for immediate use . only a magistrate , he was almost a diplomatist . letter of the cardinal spada was singularly circumstantial , and dantès repeated it to himself , from one end to the other , for he	153.0405731201172
had not forgotten a word . know that , ’ he said , ‘ but give me the particulars . ’ for whom i can answer , if he will speak out . ” d ’ artagnan . you propose to do ? ” she , said at length ; “ come , speak . ” then ? ” your mother . ” hedge he recognized the <unk> gascon ; and as he had already perceived that these men were musketeers , he did not doubt that the three others were those called the inseparables ; that is to say , athos , porthos , and aramis . to preparing their bed which consisted of a plank and a valise . you would have caused him an access	70.03247833251953
of his disease . next morning at daybreak , and go to <unk> by a different route . . i shall be avenged . ” grimace ; mme . all—the mad passion of milady and her menaces of death . speak with me ? ” back ! ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ be off , you little villain , and forget not that i have your address . ” of armed men , ” continued d ’ artagnan . travels ; and you , who have seen the whole world , will relate your <unk> shall tell us the history of the beautiful greek who was with you the other night at the opera , and whom you call your slave , and yet treat like	103.92347717285156
a princess . such an extraordinary person , that i would not answer for it . ” that in a tone that frightens me ! ” happy ? ” that of their colonel ? different thing , ” said danglars , smiling . the point , ” whispered the governor . no , count , ” cried maximilian , seizing the count ’ s hands , “ pray laugh ; be happy , and prove to me , by your indifference , that life is endurable to <unk> . , my dear caderousse . said athos ; “ but why not porthos ? ” said he , “ having helped you in your late inquiries , or having given you the information i did . ” so .	65.19783782958984
” cristo quitted paris for auteuil , accompanied by ali . answered mazarin , “ desires me to do only what i was going to ask you to let me do . to a thousand crowns ? ” know , <unk> government was not rich enough . ” carriage in the courtyard ? ” she opened noirtier ’ s door , ran to a window in the passage , and returned hastily . ” astonishment , d ’ artagnan heard the policy which made all europe tremble criticized aloud and openly , as well as the private life of the cardinal , which so many great nobles had been punished for trying to <unk> into . ” cried planchet . , without being heard or seen , probably	116.99706268310547
heard and saw all that passed in madame de morcerf ’ s apartments . do things in a hurry . suffer ? ” asked morrel quickly . ” she cried ; “ fine counsel , indeed . , ” cried jussac , who doubtless , by his gestures and the expression of his countenance , had guessed d ’ artagnan ’ s design . done in a day what occupied me an hour . every month he makes me say a mass for the repose of the soul of one who died a violent death ; yesterday i said this mass again . ” of the quai des <unk> where the steps lead down to the river . saint peter ’ s alone . his majesty ’ s	107.84480285644531
musketeers , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and consequently your superior in everything ; only , as the question now is not of rank , but of <unk> know the <unk> and seek for yours ; the first to return will recover his chamber . ” ? ” young man ’ s frame . ladder , when he found no more support for his feet , he clung with his hands ; at length , arrived at the last step , he let himself hang by the strength of his wrists , and touched the ground . then ? ” bastion , ” said porthos . woman perceived they were watched , and redoubled their speed . ” said athos . . spot these men appeared	74.92776489257812
to be annihilated , one after the other , as if the earth had opened under their feet . speak of your warlike exploits , monsieur , ” said mazarin ; “ although they gained you much reputation , they were surpassed by others . ” to you , take care . handsome and in high spirits . ! his attention was concentrated on the <unk> of the breakfast table . the king to those around him , “ i leave you to brave the tempest ; i go before you to a kingdom which knows no storms . the count , “ i am emboldened to speak openly to you . do this time ; are there any fresh instructions ? was not only not lost ,	122.97477722167969
it grew even greater than ever ; but it was now applied to the little , instead of to the great things of <unk> the martial condition of the <unk> under the head of a good lodging , a rich table , a congenial hostess . there i am ahead of you . ” <unk> the <unk> of the palais royal , and one of them , passing under d ’ artagnan ’ s arm , entered and broke a mirror , in which porthos was complacently admiring himself . i <unk> . ” and perhaps we will beg him . play my game <unk> , fairly , and above board , as i always do . , reverend sir . ” s wish also , who would	130.06121826171875
fain have conveyed the old man against his consent ; but the old man resisted , and cried so that they were actually frightened . . ” predecessor , sent our mother , marie de medicis , to die in exile , she taught us that language . , we can easily make an excuse ; we came straight off a journey and are insurgents , too . ” i shall be more calm . ” his cheek , placed his hand before his mouth , turned his head , and sent a long jet of <unk> into the antechamber , advanced his foot , balanced himself , and began . fellow making himself <unk> on wine when he ought to be <unk> his wrath , and here	151.80746459960938
is a fool who sees the woman he loves stolen from under his nose and takes on like a big baby . he , with intense suffering , “ i might , then , have been happy yet . ” ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ was not a man . ” , my hands clasped round one of the <unk> ; then i felt that i was lost . ” , and then returned a sign in the affirmative . small staff . ” said la ramee , scratching his head ; “ you are in the wrong to tell me that , my lord . rogue that you <unk> you not your duchess , who can not fail to come to your aid ? ”	68.5999984741211
” , ” said mazarin , tearing his hair , “ too late ! ” indemnify and hold the foundation , the trademark owner , any agent or employee of the foundation , anyone providing copies of project gutenberg™ electronic works in accordance with this agreement , and any volunteers associated with the production , promotion and distribution of project gutenberg™ electronic works , harmless from all liability , costs and expenses , including legal fees , that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur : ( a ) distribution of this or any project gutenberg™ work , ( b ) alteration , modification , or additions or deletions to any project gutenberg™ work , and ( c )	438.6632995605469
any defect you cause . shall be at your house by ten o ’ clock tomorrow morning , my dear count , ” replied danglars . ” <unk> , except when it is done by athos . had darted in to his chamber , and opened the letter . bound to do , being in possession of this secret ? ” , or for albert , ” said monte cristo ; “ a dead father or husband is better than a dishonored one , <unk> washes out shame . ” sensible man could leave his house , france , his <unk> charming youth , for we saw him in the <unk> fly to the aid of a <unk> , worm-eaten royalty , which is going to crumble one	96.12541961669922
of these days like an old hovel . this man ? ” noisy . ” to the cause ? who had vowed to rescue two men from infamy , and his choice fell on you and your companion . of the young man , his hands relaxed their hold , the objects in the room gradually lost their form and color , and his disturbed vision seemed to perceive doors and curtains open in the wall . sure of it ; we talked of you an hour after you left us the other day . heir ? ” as you desire , monsieur , for you were warned just now , and i now again warn you . ” travellers will arrive , ” replied franz , “	130.30189514160156
which will make it still more difficult . ” yourself , morrel ; this weakness , if it is such , is betrayed to you alone . his hand on his heart . majesty that monsieur de tréville ’ s guarantee is more than sufficient . ” in the orangery ? ” he asked in a trembling voice , remembering the visits he had been paying to his treasury . musket hovered over his head , and he could scarcely restrain himself from closing his eyes , when with one bound guiche reached the spaniard and placed a pistol at his throat . of it , ” replied albert , “ but i can readily believe it . ” i had a minute ’ s hope . glad	88.31974792480469
you recognize me , dear m. caderousse ; it proves you have a good memory , for it must be about ten years since we last met . ” walks in a dream ; he had a glimpse of objects as through a fog . she might have means of flight and fearing she should escape , drew a pistol from his belt ; but athos raised his hand . between priests , a duel between allies ! ” by any accident return , think of me . ’ ” said porthos . said andrea carelessly , apparently forgetting him whom he but too well recollected . but you must endure your captivity quietly . conversion ! ” murmured the duke , looking at the king and dandré	180.15809631347656
, who spoke alternately , like virgil ’ s shepherds . the master ’ s care , and went and lay down in his hammock ; but , in spite of a sleepless night , he could not close his eyes for a moment . count of morcerf , and ranks among the peers . ” of henry iv . looking for porthos , porthos would have stationed himself in one of the finest <unk> and we could easily have traced him . will be reported , will cover us with shame ; for in a society such as ours satire <unk> a painful and <unk> wound . , ” said the count , “ that you do not always yourselves understand the signals you repeat . ”	121.48297882080078
myself , for i had my sister-in-law to protect and provide for . , m. danglars ! ” without accident in the camp established before la rochelle , on the tenth of the month of september of the year 1627 . of our lover ? ” said he . shall not only go alone to the duke of bracciano ’ s , but also return to florence alone . ” abbé ! ” murmured he , clenching his fists , and his teeth <unk> . it belongs to you or another , you may perhaps stand in need of it . ” kitty , blushing . worth ? ” she , “ you will avenge me ; but you will not be dead . have had any interest	82.39111328125
in preventing the accomplishment of these two things ? ” said he , “ i should lose her , and by my own <unk> ” he dwelt on this idea for a moment , then it appeared reality . , ” said franz , “ now that my companion is quieted , and you have seen how peaceful my intentions are , tell me who is this luigi vampa . silently as he had entered and appeared in a few minutes bringing the dress demanded . to open it ? ” said the delighted bertuccio , “ and you will find gloves in it . ” hotel , franz saw a man in the middle of the street . m. andrea cavalcanti . ” . ” herblay ,	86.6563949584961
” said athos , “ dismount and come here . ” albert , “ it is of your journal that i come to speak . ” , my god ! ” murmured the queen , whose teeth chattered with fright . of saying to your eminence that there had been some mistake . ” for a gambler to lose not only what he possesses but also what he has not . ” with joy . . ” asked the priest , anxiously and eagerly . quitted the room with his wife , leaving his father at liberty to do as he pleased . the quarter of such a <unk> who am still only in the <unk> by selling my saddles , i shall procure it . ” said	74.39446258544922
the shipowner , “ i am not in the least surprised , for she has been to me three times , inquiring if there were any news of the _pharaon_ . i wish to incur guilt . is innocence itself ! ” , and cucumetto came out . ; there was nothing but gilding , high and low ; the <unk> were gilt , the mouldings were gilt , the legs and arms of the chairs were gilt . monsieur commissary ; yes , that is true , and i confess that i was in the wrong . what sort of madness was it ? ” with a firm hand , she said , “ drink . if he can ! we be in accomplishing the necessary work	144.89956665039062
? ” sleep , then ? much bewildered as the first had been by the simple and firm declaration of the musketeer , upon whom he was anxious to take the revenge which men of the robe like at all times to gain over men of the sword ; but the name of m. de tréville , and that of m. de la trémouille , commanded a little reflection . viscount , do talk reason ! ” , fare better ? ’ s hand and tried to turn the conversation . madame danglars , “ it was enough to drive you mad ! ” fall at the bourse ? ” <unk> said that she caused his death ? ” made a mistake , monsieur , that i had	91.60895538330078
arrested the wrong person , and that he whom i ought to have arrested had escaped . ” motionless as a statue , looking towards marseilles , at other times gazing on the sea , and <unk> as to whether it were not better to cast herself into the abyss of the ocean , and thus end her woes . hypocrite , ” said andrea ; “ you love me ! ” , you are not safe fifty yards from the gates . ” the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg™ license when you share it without charge with others . , his services will cost you something . for the journey , but that ’	142.5603485107422
s no matter . ” means for making a possible settlement on account . portion of the grounds as the boundary of a walk , or as a place for meditation , was abundantly justified in the choice by the absence of all glare , the cool , refreshing shade , the screen it afforded from the scorching rays of the sun , that found no entrance there even during the burning days of hottest summer , the incessant and melodious <unk> of birds , and the entire removal from either the noise of the street or the bustle of the mansion . carriage is at the door , ” said he . yes , ” signed the paralytic , casting on valentine a look of joyful gratitude	244.49832153320312
for having guessed his meaning . knew . , floor , were all covered with magnificent skins as soft and downy as the richest carpets ; there were <unk> <unk> from atlas , striped <unk> from bengal ; <unk> from the cape , spotted beautifully , like those that appeared to dante ; <unk> from <unk> , <unk> from norway , and so on ; and all these skins were strewn in profusion one on the other , so that it seemed like walking over the most <unk> turf , or reclining on the most luxurious bed . de villefort could not drop the curtain which she held like a funeral <unk> over the head of valentine . back exhausted . eyes , but the firm and steady	258.1167297363281
gaze of the young girl controlled his look . d ’ artagnan , “ she is charged with some message for me from her mistress ; she is about to appoint some rendezvous of which she had not courage to <unk> ” and he looked down at the pretty girl with the most triumphant air imaginable . not have this <unk> of bad places , this quarreling in the streets , this <unk> at the <unk> ; and above all , i will not have occasion given for the cardinal ’ s guards , who are brave , quiet , skillful men who never put themselves in a position to be arrested , and who , besides , never allow themselves to be arrested , to laugh at	114.13184356689453
you ! the light of planier , gleaming in front of him like a star . ” ” replied planchet , astonished . the first glance of his eye , that his billet had been delivered , and that this billet had had its effect . to tell you that , in all probability , you will not realize six per cent of this sum . ” seen him . that mademoiselle de villefort , the heiress of the marquis and marchioness of saint-méran , had regained the good graces of her grandfather , and that she would ultimately be in possession of an income of 300,000 livres . are , ’ said the jeweller , taking the diamond from his hand . d ’ artagnan . to	82.41181945800781
her habit of conversing with her grandfather , she understood that he asked for a key . on the weak , sir . ” self-satisfaction which he had experienced the previous evening , and which had procured him so good a night ’ s rest . ? ” a long time , but finally decided in his favor . year , ” said porthos . is to the <unk> of an actor in the <unk> <unk> . at the tuileries chapter 11 . i did not die . carries you away ; and he who pours out vengeance runs the risk of tasting a bitter draught . ” . have promised to give my daughter to a man who loves her , but not to one who does	118.8516845703125
not . me that he came , for he was ignorant of my journey . ! this seduction milady might <unk> felton was forewarned , and that against the least chance . <unk> hearts fondly united ; let us unite again , not our hearts , which have never been severed , but our courage and our fortunes . , and seizing the knife which felton had laid down , exclaimed , “ and by what right will you prevent me from dying ? ” permission of monsieur athos to go into the cellar to satisfy these gentlemen ; and he , as usual , has refused . going ; may you be happy , monsieur , ” and grimaud saluted and turned toward the door to go	167.32952880859375
out . staircases , upon whose space modern civilization would build a whole house , ascended and descended the office <unk> of paris , who ran after any sort of <unk> from the provinces anxious to be enrolled , and servants in all sorts of <unk> , bringing and carrying messages between their masters and m. de tréville . saw the old man sleeping soundly in an armchair in his lodge . with me , my friend ? ” said aramis , with that mildness of language which was observable in him every time that his ideas were directed toward the church . , madame ; do me that honor , my queen , and i will find a messenger . ” his bidding , you imprudent man	152.48513793945312
? ” of a woman who has made so courageous a resolution ! to heaven with an expression of resignation and sublime gratitude . in the bushes , <unk> with a monotonous and dull note ; the leaves of the myrtle and olive trees waved and rustled in the wind . , my dear sir , ” replied aramis , coldly , very little sensible to the reparation . of the expression of that old man ’ s eye when he looks at me , the only person in the world whom he loves , and , i had almost said , by whom he is beloved in return . going ? ” head becomes weaker . am all ears . ” madame , that he did what	116.05205535888672
i have told you ; besides , that is not much more odious than that a frenchman by <unk> should pass over to the english ; that a spaniard by birth should have fought against the spaniards ; that a <unk> of ali should have betrayed and murdered ali . , the truth , <unk> pure truth , the truth of the good god . ” cold and calm as athos , frightened him . porthos , “ i am entirely of d ’ artagnan ’ s opinion ; this is a ‘ <unk> ’ country , this england . ” and half the garden , and building a wall between the garden and the <unk> , had let them upon <unk> with the pavilions at the bottom	115.27303314208984
of the garden . visible a portion of the boudoir , containing an upright piano and a blue satin couch . he should send word to his wife , so that she might not be anxious about him , but planchet replied with much sagacity that he was very sure his wife would not die of anxiety through not knowing where he was , while he , planchet , remembering her <unk> of tongue , would die of anxiety if she did know . can assure you of one thing , —the more men you see die , the easier it becomes to die yourself ; and in my opinion , death may be a torture , but it is not an expiation . ” look of tenderness	160.02801513671875
and gratitude that it was comprehended even by the notary himself . la fere , on the side of broussel , blancmesnil and viole ! , baron , i have a great mind to pick a quarrel with you for asking it ; as if all the world did not know who the countess g—— was . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , who had profited by the moment he had been left alone to put back m. de tréville ’ s clock three-quarters of an hour , “ but i thought , as it was yet only twenty-five minutes past nine , it was not too late to wait upon you . ” like him , my dear <unk> , ” said scarron . said	76.98963928222656
the king . , there is not a man who has not believed , as you do , that his mistress loved him , and there lives not a man who has not been deceived by his mistress . ” at the baroness , whose face became covered with <unk> . a child , without the least resistance or objection , which proved that he was really in love . is that i awoke in bed in a round chamber , the furniture of which was sumptuous , and into which light only penetrated by an opening in the ceiling . <unk> , my young friend ; you will be lost . ” artagnan could <unk> porthos with his knee and make signs with his eyes to athos	79.9429931640625
and aramis . awaking , paris seemed to be startled at her own appearance . downy cushions , covered with blue satin spotted with silver ; her head , supported by one of her exquisitely moulded arms , rested on the divan immediately behind her , while the other was employed in <unk> to her lips the coral <unk> of a rich <unk> , through whose flexible pipe she drew the smoke <unk> by its passage through perfumed water . let us speak of ourselves , ” replied de winter . poison that would be made use of against you ; suppose the poison was , for instance , <unk> ” ” to build ships with , penelon , ” said the poor owner mournfully , “ so	227.2733917236328
i can not accept your kind offer . ” d ’ artagnan , drawing his sword and taking refuge behind his horse ; “ are you not mistaken ? <unk> me to give you this . ” and try to make barrois drink the rest of this glass of <unk> and water . have no gestures , no screams , no modern drama , or you will oblige me to tell you that i see debray leave here , <unk> the whole of the 500,000 livres you have handed over to him this year , while he smiles to himself , saying that he has found what the most skilful players have never <unk> is , a <unk> where he <unk> without playing , and is no <unk>	134.9023895263672
when he loses . ” hôtel instead of going up at once to kitty ’ s chamber , as she endeavored to persuade him to <unk> that for two reasons : the first , because by this means he should escape reproaches , <unk> , and prayers ; the second , because he was not sorry to have an opportunity of reading his own thoughts and endeavoring , if possible , to fathom those of this woman . , whilst d ’ artagnan was on his right ; each guarded a door and served as a rampart to him on either side . word . take you to be a worthy and accomplished gentleman . that already , ” said the private secretary , smiling and shaking hands	131.42539978027344
with him . is a hundred and forty leagues ; before our letter was at angers we should be in a dungeon . ” to pay the pension was known about the town in half an hour and he was abused with wit and vehemence . have requested this interview ; i will tell you in two words , sir ; i will not marry count andrea cavalcanti . ” ; “ these devils of english , how suspicious they are ! ” is extraordinary , ” said andrea . succeeded ? ” , ” said the guardsman , astonished that his name had not produced more effect upon the young man . , seized his pen , and wrote a few words . the waist and would	96.50868225097656
have dragged her from her post ; but at that instant a treble voice , proceeding from a kind of entresol , was heard <unk> : perfectly straight line upon his upper lip ; he appeared to dread to lower his hands lest their veins should swell , and he pinched the tips of his ears from time to time to preserve their delicate pink transparency . and uttered a very feeble “ yes , ” but morrel , <unk> his hand , rushed to the bed , and after having pressed the cold lips of valentine with his own , hurriedly left , uttering a long , deep groan of despair and anguish . bring him here at eight o ’ clock , sir , and may	208.00747680664062
heaven bless you as i bless you ! ” . ” appeared in his turn behind his master , with the musketoon on his shoulder , and his head shaking . <unk> i know his former <unk> i shall not speak to him until the day after to-morrow . ” , i don ’ t know her . ” bed , but that is not my fault , and it is you who have chosen it. ” with these words he drew in his turn and crossed swords with his adversary . account of it ? ” ” repeated porthos , quite dejected . sir , half such a piece of effrontery as that would cause you to be quickly despatched to toulon for five years , for	90.75715637207031
change of air . ” d ’ artagnan . know not . said , in italian , as he was <unk> the steps and looking at a bag of <unk> , “ faith , there ’ s enough to pay five councillors of parliament , and two generals in paris . get up , watch the cardinal . to the project gutenberg™ license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work . with the same words , whilst winter <unk> his leather cuirass , that he might disguise himself like the king . minute after , and putting the money which lay before him into his pocket , the major part of which arose from his <unk> ,	99.8685302734375
“ la <unk> , ” said he , “ take my place ; i must speak to monsieur de tréville on an affair of importance . france , near antibes , in the gulf of juan , two hundred and fifty leagues from paris , on the 1st of march , and you only acquired this information today , the 3rd of march ! the little pavilion situated at the angle of the wall , of which all the windows were closed with shutters , except one on the first story . ” with well acted good-humor , “ i allow grimaud , but no one else ; you must manage it all . his horse , and whilst his musketeers continued to charge , he returned and	111.9890365600586
bent with drawn sword over the man he had knocked down . he saw not the wherewithal to dine . you were already her husband . ” . tomorrow i shall have to draw upon you for about four thousand francs ; but the count , expecting my bachelor ’ s revenue could not suffice for the coming month ’ s outlay , has offered me a draft for twenty thousand francs . do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements , we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate . lord leven , with hesitation , “ sire , your majesty has been deceived by false reports .	294.5871887207031
” with pistoles . this marriage really grieves you too ? the monk , shaking his head . d ’ artagnan awakened planchet , ” the reader must not suppose it was night , or that day was hardly come . the cardinal ? ” i have two guests . me. ” the doctor flew to his patient . inquiring glance at milady . ! in order that he might be appointed to the post he subsequently held . mazarin ; “ although , perhaps , that counsel is as good as any other . ” ” said the prince ; “ let us lose no time . ” my heart . ; and this i swear by the two beings most dear to me upon earth ,	110.4306411743164
—my father and mercédès . ” and i hail it joyfully ! ” love ; you told me so just now . ” ; the last commission of poor captain leclere ; you know to what i allude , danglars—it is sacred . are you telling us ? ” said château-renaud . to marry , not for your sake , for indeed i did not think of you in the least at the moment ( you admire candor , and will now be satisfied , i hope ) ; but because it suited me to marry you as soon as possible , on account of certain commercial speculations i am desirous of entering <unk> ” eugénie became uneasy . d ’ artagnan , “ i believe that were	151.4093475341797
you to fall in with the devil , you would conduct yourself so well that you would take him with you to heaven . ” said monte cristo “ if he has rendered the state services which merit this distinction ? ” a miserable creature ! ” continued mme . the indictment was ended . notary , who confirmed the news that the contract was to be signed that evening . out of the way , and leave things for the present to take their course . ” . be better for me to retire , with your permission , for the sight of me appears still to <unk> your <unk> ” madame de saint-méran heard her . said he , ‘ the business of my predecessor on	89.87739562988281
the strength of his assurance that he supplied the castle ; whereas , on my honor , monsieur de chavigny , though i ’ ve been here a week , has not ordered so much as a <unk> ’ ‘ but , ’ i then replied , ‘ probably monsieur de chavigny is afraid your pastry is not <unk> ’ ‘ my pastry not good ! to her ? ” said morcerf in an undertone . athos ; “ i had a plan . , however , and these gentlemen , i am sure , will presently be of my opinion . ” you never repeated to the count all the foolish remarks we used to make about him ? ” of <unk> ” groslow , “ take	134.92735290527344
this horse to the stables of the nearest inn . . clock pointed to five the count struck thrice upon his gong . , which is the name of a demon . but that with—— ” , if your horse isn ’ t tired . ” less than nothing , ” said aramis ; “ a charming little seamstress , whom i love dearly and from whose hand i requested a few lines as a sort of <unk> . ” for my passage back to leghorn . speaking countenance of the prime minister ; he looked at the queen with anxiety . , my friend ; to so good a <unk> as you are , i may say what would appear absurd to another . ” you sold	127.75956726074219
and <unk> am he whose betrothed you <unk> am he upon whom you trampled that you might raise yourself to <unk> am he whose father you condemned to die of <unk> am he whom you also condemned to starvation , and who yet <unk> you , because he hopes to be <unk> am edmond dantès ! ” at the door and announced the cardinal , the child , who had been absorbed in the pages of <unk> <unk> , enlivened as they were by <unk> of alexander ’ s feats of arms , frowned and looked at his mother . , ” said the count , in his kindest and most persuasive manner ; “ therefore do not make yourself uneasy on your brother ’ s account .	186.99171447753906
” strength to reply to him with a burst of laughter . , free air is so good ; besides , ” and rochefort drew a deep breath as he spoke , “ i am going into the country to make a tour . ” ; pardon me . ” to be pleased with his reception . distance of fifty feet ; but it appears that this edmond <unk> ” , ” replied d ’ artagnan , coolly . difficulties , but the count of monte cristo produced a permit from the governor of rome , allowing him to leave or enter the city at any hour of the day or night ; the <unk> was therefore raised , the porter had a louis for his trouble ,	90.25833892822266
and they went on their way . ’ clock in the evening , edmond heard a hollow sound in the wall against which he was lying . into your flesh , if you insinuate a bullet into your brain , which the least shock disorders , —then certainly , you will suffer pain , and you will repent quitting a life for a repose you have bought at so dear a price . ” his eyes , and then stared at the man who thus criticized the manœuvres of his captain . corsican . victim . stages of torture natural to prisoners in suspense . england as well as in france , ” said athos . will fall upon the head of whoever wrought it . ” i	156.97274780273438
had an idea of marrying his daughter , ” said debray . you would make a singular general . , ” said aramis . get so much money ? ” said athos . . a tremble , supported herself upon her chair to avoid falling . the theme of conversation between luigi and teresa . this favor after a novitiate of two <unk> novitiate which might besides be abridged if an opportunity should present itself for d ’ artagnan to render the king any signal service , or to distinguish himself by some brilliant action . said the cardinal , biting his lips with anger . an officer ? ” asked the queen of lord de winter . had an arm broken ; his horse had received a	115.66119384765625
bullet in his neck and he had difficulty in controlling him , maddened by pain . understand you , ” replied franz ; “ pray explain your meaning , for you excite my curiosity to the highest pitch . ” said friquet , “ monsieur <unk> know who he is , he gives holy water at saint <unk> ” in extravagant joy at the palais royal , to increase the hilarity of the queen , mazarin , a man of sense , and whose fear , moreover , gave him foresight , lost no time in making idle and dangerous jokes ; he went out after the coadjutor , settled his account , locked up his gold , and had confidential workmen to contrive hiding places in his	197.29356384277344
walls . . sir , ” said athos . ” cried many persons present . yes , ” said the old man ’ s eye . that my mother was lady of honor to marie de medici ? ” mercy ’ s sake do not deliver me up ! ” failing , i admit ; but with that exception , i am a good <unk> . ” is this precious stuff ? ” , that you owe this sum to him ? ” with blood ! ” murmured milady ; “ i will avenge you—and cruelly ! ” then , ” said the lieutenant . when you have received my instructions . about yesterday . ” , lubin did not know me , and told me our adventure	65.4201889038086
from one end to the other . ” which recalled to him so many royal souvenirs , whither had come so many courtiers , the scene of so much flattering homage , alone with a despairing servant , whose feeble soul could afford no support to his own , the king at last yielded to sorrow , and his courage sank to a level with that <unk> , those shadows , and that wintry cold . that room . , for what am i in want of ? time before i was able to make out what place i was in , or to take account of the details i describe . , ” said the count , “ no direct questions , my dear morcerf ; if	155.10032653808594
you wish to know anything , tell me , and i will ask her . ” brother ? ’ asked he . ? ” us <unk> your eminence . , and found—— ” monte cristo , taking it from her hand . in fact , porthos breathed so loud as to do credit to the free play of his powerful lungs . it . ” abandons himself , ” said milady . to accompany a betrothal , ” sighed poor renée . child , sir , ” murmured villefort . have informed him , and monsieur laporte is come ? ” temple ! ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ and with that , white teeth , a piercing eye , dark complexion , black hair , and	67.11512756347656
haughty <unk> , that ’ s my man of meung . ” their course without our assistance . selected the most <unk> cabbage , for instance . is the count of monte cristo . ” d ’ artagnan . , master la ramee ? ” asked the duke . till we meet again , ” said valentine , tearing herself away . , i will return all this . ” in his mind planchet did his best to make up for lost time at table . your eminence that you had but to question us , and we are ready to reply . ” cry , less piercing than the first , but followed by prolonged groaning , was heard . you ought to perceive , ” said	81.27547454833984
d ’ artagnan , “ from the place in which you find me , that i am greatly changed in everything . . . <unk> that village ? ” eagerly asked madame de chevreuse . what are your conditions ? ” all is fair in war , stratagem as well as force ; look yonder ! ” a reverie that her eyes gradually closed . to tell milady who he was , and with what a <unk> purpose he had come ; but she added , “ poor angel , whom that monster of a gascon barely failed to kill . ” that it is often he who comes off victorious from the strife , <unk> of all crime in the eyes of the world . d ’	107.8872299194336
artagnan , “ deuce take it , the campaign is going to begin ; i wish to be there , i expect to get something by it . ” ” the deceased are in perfect order , and her will bequeaths to valentine the entire property of the saint-méran family ; the notary showed me the documents yesterday , which will enable us to draw up the contract immediately . none of them drink , ” said athos , looking at him with pity , “ and yet this is one of the best ! ” and that is to pursue <unk> earth to the tribunal of men , in heaven to the tribunal of god . ’ friend . ” the executioner , who in a few	107.41431427001953
moments opened his eyes . <unk> kourchid , who had been sent by the sultan to gain possession of the person of my father ; it was then that ali <unk> having sent to the sultan a french officer in whom he reposed great <unk> to retire to the asylum which he had long before prepared for himself , and which he called <unk> , or the refuge . ” héloïse de villefort . ” . ” cried d ’ artagnan . word , what are you going to do ? ” asked she . than that , he lets it to the minister of finance while he lives in a simple house . his hat , and could not be persuaded to make use of his cloak	90.58291625976562
. that presently , ” said d ’ artagnan , with a slight smile . ” answered the sergeant , uncovering . expectations ; that is all i promise you . ” away ; at the end of the second he had ceased to mark the lapse of time . of indifference to me , ” said aramis ; “ i came here only to meet de chatillon ; i have met him , i am contented ; ’ tis something to have met de chatillon in a duel ! ” . ” a thing , sir , ” said mordaunt , “ you insult me by doubting it . ” added monte cristo , “ that he is on the eve of entering into a sort of	54.27815246582031
speculation already in vogue in the united states and in england , but quite novel in france . ” musketeer , i think , ” said the cardinal . noble , honored , powerful , for the ruin of us all ! ” service , sir , ” said the abbé , with a marked italian accent . , but swear it ! ” said monte cristo extending his hand . vast amphitheatre filled with spectators ; the balconies of the two churches at the corner of the via del babuino and the via di ripetta were crammed ; the steps even seemed a parti-colored sea , that was impelled towards the portico ; every niche in the wall held its living statue . , monsieur de tréville	169.19534301757812
, ” said the cardinal ; “ pray let that napkin be sent to me . , ” said morrel , “ but i do not see m. de morcerf . ” , nothing more . of you . ” restored him to light for an ordinary young man . , i had but my son , and he has left me ! ” be very happy , but i have my companion , monsieur du vallon , and the two prisoners , whom i can not leave . visited the posts . s arm , which he had held beneath his own , and teresa , accompanied by her elegant cavalier , took her appointed place with much agitation in the aristocratic quadrille . amélie_ , who	64.72492980957031
was very desirous of retaining amongst his crew a man of edmond ’ s value , had offered to advance him funds out of his future profits , which edmond had accepted . burst into tears . supposing there were to be doubts raised as to the validity of your marriage or the <unk> of your child ? ” you dine at the table d ’ <unk> of the hôtel des princes , or the café de paris . and aramis re-entered , the surgeon and m. de tréville alone remaining with the wounded . . ” virtue , why the devil don ’ t you make use of it with respect to her majesty ? slept ; not so the <unk> , and more thirsty than hungry	174.6963348388672
. the vessel cast anchor in the harbor of dover , and at half past ten d ’ artagnan placed his foot on english land , crying , “ here i am at last ! ” englishman to do ? ” exclaimed athos . ” asked mazarin . conversation i overheard was the master of the house ; the other , the physician . i would risk my life for you . ” ? ” asked all the four friends . clerk ceased to move over the paper ; he raised his head , and appearing to be perfectly sure of <unk> : body of their companion , swimming in blood , and then recovering voice and legs together , ran screaming off . tonight . ” cried	94.9559326171875
his eminence , for the third time . origin of this name ? ” at my service ? ” asked mazarin . as i have told you , it was too late . ” shall be yours . ” my boy ? ” cried the distracted mother , rushing toward villefort ; “ i kill my son ? , <unk> it , i beg of you , that i may at last believe it ! , is it not ? ” pleasantry compromising , for he only answered half the question , and then he spoke to franz , as the only one likely to listen with attention . applause of the whole assemblage , and everyone reconducted his lady to her place ; but the king took	79.35420227050781
advantage of the privilege he had of leaving his lady , to advance eagerly toward the queen . persons ’ dinners ; you ministers give such splendid ones . ” became scarlet , and he coughed , in order to have an excuse for putting his handkerchief to his mouth . charms them . find any fisherman and should the wind shift to the north ? ” lord de winter , “ we are going to pay a visit to her majesty the queen of england . ” but above all against d ’ <unk> lost in the distance of the future . for it comes to the same thing . ” maximilian , that i was there , and my presence had the effect of rendering you	126.9615707397461
unjust in your comparison . ” regiment that was at lens , which the prince assigned to the cardinal . ” , that i see how hopeless the position of the king is , tell me with what you are charged on the part of my royal husband . ” yourself . and it seemed to him as if everyone had left the cell . asking the man the right way , continued his route , agitated in spite of himself at the idea of seeing once more that singular man whom he had so truly loved and who had contributed so much by advice and example to his education as a gentleman . will tell you , madame , what i dare not trust to pen and	135.54222106933594
paper and the risks of transit . to say that you must have been very young then. ’ — ‘ i was four years old ; but as those events deeply concerned me , not a single detail has escaped my <unk> ’ — ‘ in what manner could these events concern you ? very door the musketeer began to entertain some doubts . the leather they eat the soles , i can not see much that is left unless they eat one another . ” be obtained ; and the party must be acquainted with english in order to ask the way to london . monte cristo , who , making at the same time some imperceptible sign , murmured : if in reply to his words	214.64727783203125
, a man lying on a <unk> of <unk> rose and advanced a few steps toward him . ” said andrea , “ sheathe your sword , my fine fellow ; there is no occasion to make such a <unk> , since i give myself up ; ” and he held out his hands to be <unk> . to lose . we breakfasted with him ; we rode in his carriage all day , and now we have taken possession of his box . ” exclaimed monte cristo in a tone of exquisite sweetness . which , on the contrary , i am not acquainted . straw than hoard up a thousand a year by being governor of the bastile . ” room was , as usual ,	81.56307983398438
empty , and only guarded by the dog , he called to his wife , ‘ hello , carconte , ’ said he , ‘ the worthy priest has not deceived us ; the diamond is real . ’ voice of la ramee . something , ” said albert ; “ today is thursday , and who knows what may arrive between this and sunday ? ” carefully concealed it , and then went away , closing as well as he could the entrance to the secret passage by the large stone as he descended . the abbess , looking at milady with increasing interest , “ i behold another poor victim ? ” trembling hand upon that of the count , mercédès rushed up the stairs and	132.2644500732422
disappeared . muttered comminges , looking after mazarin . ” are ! ” see monsieur at home , ” replied bazin . to date contact information can be found at the foundation ’ s website and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact chavigny for having , as he said , <unk> his <unk> for him ; he then divided the walls of his room into compartments and <unk> each of these compartments to some incident in mazarin ’ s life . my lord , that the moment has now arrived when , with a single word , you may recompense all these services . ” right ; that name has still its charms , and this is the first time for a long period that i have pronounced it so	132.8807373046875
distinctly . murmured , not knowing what he said , — “ <unk> ! ” behind the event that had overwhelmed him he saw the hand of god . the procureur , and prevented him from discovering anything beneath the <unk> smile he was so constantly in the habit of assuming . handkerchief with the coat of arms . ” the others and ending in a series of groans effectually roused me from my <unk> lethargy . , ” said aramis ; “ and it is a rather difficult matter . a moment , then an expression of sublime resignation appeared in his eyes , and with a slow and sad gesture he took off his two epaulets , the <unk> of his rank . ” returned gaetano	123.16938018798828
, “ the chief , who was told you were a young frenchman , invites you to sup with him . ” you , who risk your life every day , but for me , who only did so <unk> ” monte cristo “ you went to him ? ” exclaimed the abbé . pass ; it was only five hundred , two hundred , one hundred steps in advance ; at length they reached it , but it was not the friend . matter with this head ? ” said d ’ artagnan , raising the <unk> hat . for saint germain , followed by porthos . is all my secret . ” by some invisible influence towards the count , in which terror was strangely mingled	78.92133331298828
, felt an extreme reluctance to permit his friend to be exposed alone to the singular fascination that this mysterious personage seemed to exercise over him , and therefore made no objection to albert ’ s request , but at once accompanied him to the desired spot , and , after a short delay , the count joined them in the salon . , in spite of its striking appearance and the graceful effect of the geraniums planted in the two vases , as they waved their <unk> leaves in the wind and charmed the eye with their scarlet bloom , had fallen into utter <unk> . but he thought not of hunger at such a moment ; he hastily swallowed a few drops of rum , and	202.86708068847656
again entered the cavern . a father or a lover , the first glance would have sufficed to reveal valentine ’ s condition ; but to this <unk> , valentine only appeared to sleep . , and , having <unk> his master , assisted him to dress entirely in black . danglars , while the perspiration started from the roots of his hair . we go out . ” , then , morrel ? ” asked château-renaud ; “ you do not propose anything . ” t know you ; like his <unk> he is ready to obey our orders knowing nothing of our plan . ” ? nothing remains but for m. d ’ épinay to arrive that the contract may be signed , and the following	83.7715072631836
day you will be his , tomorrow you will be engaged to m. d ’ épinay , for he came this morning to paris. ” valentine uttered a cry . m. franz , to <unk> him , and to fight with him ; all that would be folly . as true a thing as it is that a heart beats in this <unk> heart devoted to <unk> that you have been the idol of our lives ; that we have , as you well <unk> heaven ! <unk> our lives twenty times for your majesty . you fool ! —what should you know about it ? —why , you were drunk ! ” must be in not having either wife or children ! ” the <unk> dantès guessed	144.7473602294922
that the two grave-diggers had come to seek <unk> idea was soon converted into certainty , when he heard the noise they made in putting down the <unk> . it would be all the better , ” replied athos . de morcerf , although of spanish origin , possesses considerable influence , both at the court of france and madrid , and i unhesitatingly place the best services of myself , and all to whom my life is dear , at your disposal . ” seen and heard , and the tartan instantly steered towards him . that albert had collected <unk> cabinets , japanese porcelain , oriental stuffs , venetian glass , arms from all parts of the <unk> was familiar to him ; and at the	184.78659057617188
first glance he recognized their date , their country , and their origin . <unk> out ! ” exclaimed madame danglars . continued superiority of athos over himself , devoid as he was of that jealousy which might have saddened a less generous disposition ; he was delighted also that the high qualities of athos appeared to promise favorably for his mission . steps before he became convinced that the woman was really mme . so , how came you in the bastille ? ” will return signed by his hand and marked with his seal ; and four-and-twenty hours afterward i will answer for its being carried into execution . ” replied aramis , a little amazed by the shower of arguments that poured upon his head	223.57269287109375
. alternately ; and the cardinal saw at once that he had recovered by a single blow all the ground he had lost . word ? ” he said . pretended , the animal with his hand , he put this bit of burning tinder in his ear . ” said the countess , reflecting . ” replied eugénie , “ unhappy girl , do you say , sir ? his age , how deep in love i was with a grecian statue which our good king , then henry iv. , gave my father , <unk> that i was mad with grief when they told me that the story of <unk> was nothing but a fable . ” on his future amours , addressing himself to the	106.37283325195312
beautiful night , and smiling at the stars , ascended the rue <unk> , or <unk> , as it was then called . prince ; simply a count . ” uttered a groan . of grimaud . you are my sister in religion . in the army one regiment on which you can implicitly rely ? ” and a great <unk> ? ” said he , “ his father loves him so much ! ” ” said athos , when he had ascertained there were five chambers free in the hôtel , “ let everyone retire to his own apartment . exclaimed , approaching the table , “ she has taken part of her draught ; the glass is three-quarters empty . ” edward on her knees ,	99.83592224121094
and from time to time pressed this child , on whom her affections appeared centred , almost convulsively to her bosom . so good as doctor <unk> believed it , neither was it so wicked as dantès thought it , since this man , who had nothing to expect from his comrade but the inheritance of his share of the prize-money , manifested so much sorrow when he saw him fall . ” said he at length . skill with the sword is so well known . ” , the last service he can by any possibility ask of you , and your work will be all the more meritorious . ” tenderly , as i told your excellency , and i resolved not to send the money	193.250732421875
, but to take it to him myself . to you ? ” mention his name at once ? ” replied the king , betraying some uneasiness . at the same time , were an exception , and proved the determination of providence to effect the entire ruin of the roman empire , <unk> by so many crimes . pay ? ” demanded d ’ artagnan . man who has such views will never allow himself to be taken , or if taken , will undergo martyrdom rather than speak . ” his head . had been right in believing that the house was not illuminated . of ten such men . ” me , maximilian . , as we have said , was exceedingly prudent for a	91.51626586914062
young man of twenty , then remembered his suspicions regarding milady . , opening his great wondering eyes . terrifies me . ” not help it . play to-night ; he has invited us in return to-morrow . , i will spit you all like <unk> ! ” a melancholy smile . carnival he had taken a notion to provide an unusual entertainment for that good town , of which he was the life and soul . at the louvre ; he was at the louvre with his company . here ? ” asked the cardinal . the breakfast-room and the salon on the ground floor . the goldsmith , o ’ reilly , and his assistant , were prohibited from going out under any pretext . ”	143.58546447753906
returned mazarin , “ prudence is a fine thing , but to-day you might regret having been too prudent . ” do ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , who began to get a glimpse of the result of the adventure , “ the thing is serious . and again mazarin smiled ; “ for you perceive that i have left off mine and put on yours . ” a moment the idea of keeping it , but i knew that at paris there was an asylum where they receive such creatures . to m. de la trémouille . lord , ” said raoul . and they may have the fact attested whenever they please . ” it to the <unk> , when the president resumed : ‘	86.8481674194336
gentlemen and you , monsieur , —you will not be displeased , i presume , to listen to one who calls himself a very important witness , and who has just presented himself . him undoubtedly , for their cries were carried to his ears by the wind . continued she . the window of noirtier ’ s room , where he had seen him the preceding night . could not last forever . ” said the executioner ; “ for as i am a good catholic , i firmly believe i am acting justly in performing my functions on this woman . ” ten paces of the group formed by the five young men . i am patiently to submit to your refusal ? ” distribute this	125.99787902832031
work in any binary , compressed , marked up , nonproprietary or proprietary form , including any word processing or hypertext form . during which i imagined i heard moans repeatedly . he was in valentine ’ s confidence and knew all their secrets , morrel took the dictionary , a pen , and some paper , and placed them all on a table where there was a light . pride before god , who has taken me from nothing to make me what i am . ” dressed and was reading a new book by m. <unk> . men without arms do against eight armed men ? ” the other side of the wall ; the prisoner had discovered the danger , and had substituted a lever	197.5943603515625
for a chisel . she , ‘ but spare the honor of the widow of <unk> ’ — ‘ it is not to me to whom you must address yourself , ’ said kourchid . small piece of paper , on which were written these <unk> ‘ from lord ruthven to countess g—— . ’ ” aramis . of his eminence , and said that he should not have failed to enter into the guards of the cardinal instead of the king ’ s guards if he had happened to know m. de cavois instead of m. de tréville . ? ” asked aramis . fere , formerly styled athos ; monsieur du vallon , whom we used to call porthos ; the chevalier d ’ herblay ,	92.22730255126953
now the abbé d ’ herblay , whom we styled <unk> ” your majesty deigns to evince towards me is a recompense which so far surpasses my utmost ambition that i have nothing more to ask for . ” , valentine ? ” exclaimed haydée ; “ he says that through me he will <unk> _me_ , who would yield my life for his . ” subject ; the abbé shook his head in token of <unk> , and refused to make any further response . project gutenberg literary archive foundation to us ? ” said porthos . your mouth has just <unk> is to say , with what view you have exposed yourself to the dangers of a sea so perilous , or at least so troublesome	156.14076232910156
at this <unk> i sent my cutter to meet you . said porthos . ” thought he , “ and not one true friend . ” ; she makes the young look ever forward , not behind . , “ the engagement is broken off . ” musketeer ! maximilian , “ i have often been almost tempted to attribute to him the gift of prophecy ; at all events , he has a wonderful power of <unk> any future good . ” replied the visitor , changing his <unk> , “ know enough of english to keep up the conversation . villefort , “ believe me , a fortune of 900,000 francs is not so easily renounced . ” the gallop of a horse . not obey	102.72904205322266
the summons till he had satisfied himself that the two men whose conversation he had overheard were at a sufficient distance to prevent his encountering them in his descent . of la samaritaine struck six ; the four friends pleaded an engagement , and took leave of m. de tréville . if the marriage should take place and confirm my credit . ” fog rising from the river , ” said the king . sir ; i have known that , ” said the queen , “ a long time ; therefore i am delighted to be able thus publicly to mark my gratitude and my esteem . ” ” said athos , sipping a glass of sparkling wine . danglars , who , on his part ,	120.21219635009766
did not perceive how soon the conversation , which was at first disinterested , was turning to a business transaction , “ there is , doubtless , a part of your fortune your father could not refuse you ? ” passed before any one could make himself heard . in hand , said to him : who through want of money , time , or enthusiasm , have not been to see the carnival before , mingle in the gayety , and <unk> to the noise and excitement . fifteen , ” replied peppino . ” said bazin , clasping his hands <unk> . my life depends on your answer . coward , planchet . ” ” i think <unk> the street , ” said athos ; and	105.99369812011719
he looked smilingly at aramis , who looked at him with an expression of surprise . nothing more to ask for madame de longueville ? ” to the cane . he made a step toward the muskets , upon which the other three friends had fixed their eyes , like men ill-disposed to allow themselves to be taken . less unwilling to respond in italian than in the other languages ; his aim was to <unk> the examination . none of your crew should see me . ” d ’ artagnan had opened his heart to any one ; it happened , however , that these two men , on meeting again , <unk> perfectly . of astonishment passed around the group of spectators of this scene .	107.21929168701172
some of the servants , ran up in alarm on hearing the cries of maximilian . man ; but who , however , behaved himself so admirably on this occasion that i will take the liberty of recommending him to your majesty . ” , civil war which you propose to me , dear aramis . ” three windows . a laugh . for release , and tréville carried it away without delay . said richelieu , surprised . only to take the right-hand staircase in the courtyard , and knock at number five on the second floor . ” ? ” blaisois , ” said athos ; “ he can , he says , only swim in rivers . ” an <unk> . , and nothing had	105.9950180053711
been heard of either the one or the other . that had passed , except the letter to m. de wardes . some trifle of 20,000 francs , which you have been saved out of your travelling expenses , so that there is not much of a score between us ; —but you must really permit me to congratulate you on the ease and unconcern with which you resigned yourself to your fate , and the perfect indifference you manifested as to the turn events might take . ” and punishment by making a frightful example . down his cheeks . felton laid the book upon the little table near which milady was sitting , at the tone in which he pronounced the two words , <unk> <unk>	170.42001342773438
, at the disdainful smile with which he accompanied them , milady raised her head , and looked more attentively at the officer . death , and <unk> a ghastly smile . it must have been a mistake . ” the baroness . guess , at least . ” that , notwithstanding their names ’ ending in <unk> and _is_ , the heroes of the story which we are about to have the honor to relate to our readers have nothing <unk> about them . check , the bond , and the heap of bank-notes . ! _ that is very easily done . to <unk> such ambition ? love him so much ! ” to walk on through the rue notre dame . to see my way	102.87752532958984
, ” murmured milady , with a savage joy , burying herself under the clothes to conceal from anybody who might be watching her this burst of inward satisfaction . unperceived , supported himself against the other side . us dukes and peers , ” said porthos , whose eyes sparkled with joy at this imaginary prospect . the sentimental turn our conversation had taken . might come . cardinal , ” said the officer . tell me what i should have to do in london , ” replied bonacieux , who remembered a little too late that rochefort had desired him to endeavor to obtain his wife ’ s secrets . him ? ” demanded the inspector . , please observe , by his courage alone ,	133.1953125
that a gentleman can make his way nowadays . ambitious , and to attain this ambition villefort would sacrifice everything , even his father . ” cardinal spoke of mme . probably on the road . ” fortune has changed very much since i saw you , madame bonacieux , and i should not be astonished if in the course of a few months it were to excite the envy of many folks . ” to him . toward athos and aramis . , the brow of athos became clouded and he bit his lips . once they are <unk> , our <unk> will be <unk> next . ” our situation we must not say all we <unk> as we have been warned that our ears should answer	120.7788314819336
for our tongues . ” concern me . , speak . ” with my <unk> consists of cooked tetragones and fruits . ” arm . ” each other ; they began to comprehend . this time , he turned pale . fontrailles , and the others escaped ; de rieux was inclined to do likewise , but i told him they wouldn ’ t look for us where we were . know myself , neither is it necessary that you should do so . perfect , and it was evident there was a great demand for a repetition , carmela alone objecting to it , but the count of san-felice besought his daughter so earnestly , that she <unk> . escaped with you ? ” ? ” said	139.63043212890625
d ’ artagnan , undecided , so strongly did the confidence of athos begin to prevail , in spite of himself . ” said mazarin , “ that you had seen the queen . ” hope of escape ? ” ” repeated milady , with an accent of indescribable grief , “ but they see not ; ears have they , but they hear not . ” possible delay <unk> . ” or stupidity , all morrel ’ s correspondents did not take this view ; and some even came to a contrary decision . , my dear monsieur mordaunt ! to allow him to part thus ; she made him a sign to dismount and come to her . perfect calmness ; valentine looked at him a	116.91714477539062
moment with her large , scrutinizing eyes , endeavoring not to let morrel discover the grief which struggled in her heart . , and they are arrested ; so that at the end of two or three days they have in their power almost all the <unk> of the establishment . advice which athos had once given him , and made his horse rear . had contrived to <unk> the cord which fastened her feet . up to ? ” had already arrived and the remainder was expected from moment to moment . ? ” asked porthos , “ what are they firing at now ? ” ” ” said morrel , looking out of the window . the queen , closing the coffer and leaning her hand	98.90394592285156
upon it , “ if there is anything to be said , it is that i have always been ungrateful to the brave men who saved me—that i have given nothing to that gallant officer , d ’ artagnan , you were speaking of just now , but my hand to kiss and this diamond . ” ordering the strictest inquiries to be made respecting these two persons ; his orders were executed , and the following evening he received these details : we go to breakfast there . ” eyes upon the treaty that d ’ artagnan presented to her . i believe , to be guided in the adventurous career you have undertaken ; for , if i mistake not , you came to paris with	133.1243896484375
the ambitious idea of making your fortune . ” ” said the stranger , becoming attentive , “ he put his hand upon his pocket while pronouncing the name of monsieur de tréville ? made mazarin uneasy . were standing on the steps , whilst the unhappy man seemed to suffer dreadful pain and yet to be concerned only to know if he was followed by the monk . minister ! ” that house , which villefort himself had called accursed ? is monsieur d ’ artagnan here ? ” of , d ’ artagnan ? ” he began . so much the <unk> ! _ as they say in my country . ” see . ” winter , then he paused ; “ but tell me ,	84.15943145751953
can you not perceive the <unk> <unk> which marks the heavens ? ” of retreat have been formed for a long time . conscience with them , as with us . ” there was something in the count which attracted universal attention wherever he appeared . nothing to fear on your return ? ” tell me of that , aramis . ” the case would your honor condemn his action ? ” moment ; mousqueton shrieked with pain . was not of a character to allow a man to escape him thus who had the insolence to ridicule him . smile of contempt . , give me , if you have not lost it , the <unk> which contained the letter . ” and any person who considered	129.9161834716797
her attentively might have observed the traces of recent tears in her eyes . a fowl ! ” , with hair as black as jet , her eyes as velvety as the gazelle ’ s , was leaning with her back against the <unk> , rubbing in her slender delicately moulded fingers a bunch of heath blossoms , the flowers of which she was picking off and strewing on the floor ; her arms , bare to the elbow , brown , and <unk> after those of the arlesian venus , moved with a kind of restless impatience , and she tapped the earth with her arched and <unk> foot , so as to display the pure and full shape of her well-turned leg , in its red	250.27984619140625
cotton , gray and blue <unk> , stocking . given up the fight . first who told me of the haitian funds . debray . ” for the future , and determined as he was to make his three friends the instruments of his fortune , d ’ artagnan was not sorry at getting into his grasp beforehand the invisible strings by which he reckoned upon moving them . done you in betraying ali tepelini ? ” a word to anybody , and began to reflect . returned franz , “ you have guessed it . ” madame , ” said de winter , “ the king wishes you to try and discover the <unk> of the king and queen toward him . ” his bureau and taking	117.51671600341797
a sheet of paper wrote some lines upon it , whilst d ’ artagnan stood imperturbable , without showing either impatience or curiosity . , and this was the received thing in the world , where the weighty and <unk> occupations of the magistrate were accepted as an excuse for what was really only calculated pride , a manifestation of professed <unk> fact , the application of the axiom , <unk> to think well of yourself , and the world will think well of <unk> , an axiom a hundred times more useful in society nowadays than that of the greeks , “ know thyself , ” a knowledge for which , in our days , we have substituted the less difficult and more advantageous science of <unk>	272.1656799316406
<unk> . good fellow , use your daggers in any way you please , and i further promise you to be there as a spectator of your prowess . ” replied faria , “ what has <unk> you from knocking down your jailer with a piece of wood torn from your bedstead , dressing yourself in his clothes , and endeavoring to escape ? ” had kept from prudence and that they might believe her seriously wounded , burned her like a bed of fire . , ” rejoined mazarin . yield to the entreaties of her he had so ardently loved , called his sufferings to the assistance of his hatred . , quick as lightning , firm as a pair of blacksmith ’ s pincers ,	168.909423828125
the soldier ’ s throat . his eyes , darkened by death , encountered only the knife which had fallen from the hand of felton , still smoking with the blood spread over its blade . , but not without difficulty . corpse , endeavored to cry out ; but her swollen tongue could utter no more than a hoarse sound which had nothing human in it and resembled the rattle of a wild beast . of his life had been to become a musketeer . two parts on either side of the wall , and contained upwards of two thousand volumes ; one division was entirely devoted to novels , and even the volume which had been published but the day before was to be seen in	190.98855590820312
its place in all the dignity of its red and gold binding . one who fears neither god nor satan , they say , and would at any time run fifty leagues out of his course to do a poor devil a service . ” , morrel sprang out on the pavement , bertuccio was waiting on the steps . the guilty one ; and he , gentlemen , was my brother ! of the trees , upon whose leaves the light still shone ; and as one of them drooped over the road , he thought that from its branches he might get a glimpse of the interior of the pavilion . whom she lavished her <unk> been previously acquainted with her , so sudden an alteration	215.35971069335938
might well have excited suspicion in his mind , or at least have greatly astonished him . time had elapsed since the death of poor valentine , and the gloom which <unk> the house was so recent , that no one wondered to see the father so absorbed in his professional duties , which were the only means he had of dissipating his grief . a man could conceive such an enterprise and still less how he could have the audacity to disclose it to her whose interest and almost duty it was to punish him . witty abbé dwelt incessant laughter ; there all the <unk> of the day had their source and were so quickly transformed , <unk> , <unk> , some into <unk> , some	268.1971740722656
into <unk> , that every one was anxious to pass an hour with little scarron , listening to what he said , <unk> it to others . in his guest , who , besides , was a nobleman , had left to him his house , his supper and his chamber . gendarme still there , but the young man now perceived a second yellow , blue , and white uniform at the foot of the staircase , the only one by which he could descend , while a third , on horseback , holding a musket in his fist , was posted as a sentinel at the great street-door which alone afforded the means of egress . the four corners , is to be the signal .	129.75088500976562
” in <unk> is to rescue him from the hands of the banditti ; he <unk> himself to madame danglars—it is that he may give her a royal present ; your step-mother and her son pass before his door—it is that his nubian may save them from destruction . porthos , looking at the gascon with the most profound admiration . long live the king ! athos ; “ you are the king of poets , my dear aramis . dead ? ” been at home when planchet came to his abode , he had doubtless hastened to the rue des fossoyeurs , and finding nobody there but his other two companions perhaps , they would not be able to conceive what all this meant . in the	138.26097106933594
gallery to make people believe that he was walking about , but he had with him a waxlight , to help him to explore his mysterious strong box . . under my hand ; i almost possess it . ” yourself . ” , my god ! gave some orders in a low voice to one of the horsemen . as if undergoing the influence of an <unk> thought , the countenance of the cardinal , till then gloomy , cleared up by degrees , and recovered perfect serenity . villefort , “ what then ? ” it and cut the cable . more numerous , succeeded one another , day and night , in the little house of the bridge of la pierre , in which the	129.83114624023438
cardinal had established his residence . said d ’ artagnan to himself . with a bound , and at the same instant the ball from the other musket tore up the gravel on the very spot on the road where he had thrown himself with his face to the ground . of elba , is too near france , and his proximity keeps up the hopes of his partisans . d ’ artagnan ; “ i fancied it was so . ” whether charles , who kept his eyes constantly closed , had noticed the insolence of the puritan captain , but the moment he heard the clear tone of d ’ artagnan ’ s voice his eyelids rose , in spite of himself . the more .	78.46875
” you have been guilty of an unparalleled intrusion , and that what you call protection is more like an insult . ” it was once proposed . rush into his arms , and strain him to my heart , crying , ‘ my father , my father ! ’ like monsieur <unk> ” 27 in the rue des fossoyeurs . the bastion , there were still more than a dozen of the enemy . directed towards her entirely reassured him , and the first words she spoke made his heart bound with delight . then , since you condemn him ! ” said d ’ artagnan , in so firm a tone that it appeared to milady an undoubted proof of devotion . upon this fortune as	114.03229522705078
something confided to me for a particular purpose . her majesty to communicate it to me ? ” to bear the sight of this touching emotion , turned away ; and villefort , without seeking any further explanation , and attracted towards him by the irresistible <unk> which draws us towards those who have loved the people for whom we mourn , extended his hand towards the young man . , you , who have had the courage to witness the death of two old men and a young girl murdered by you ? ” <unk> to sell the country house that i wish to purchase , monsieur ? ” asked monte cristo . as well informed as you , and our police are as good as your	114.76811981201172
own . ? ” asked the officer . thick clump of <unk> , which were nearly <unk> of foliage , madame de villefort sitting with a book in her hand , the perusal of which she frequently interrupted to smile upon her son , or to throw back his <unk> ball , which he obstinately threw from the drawing-room into the garden . ’ artagnan . years old ? ” the band , luigi vampa . , exclaiming , “ the emetic ! being taught and consoled . ” ransom ? ” athos , ” said aramis , “ you were meant to be a general of the army ! you don ’ t know all yet . i risk nothing but being taken back again to prison	86.03164672851562
. wrote . said gondy ; “ such men are like <unk> recognizes them only when they have struck . ” that two sentiments so opposite could dwell in the same heart , and by their union constitute a passion so strange , and as it were , diabolical . the flock was safe at the farm , the little luigi hastened to the <unk> at palestrina , took a large nail , heated and sharpened it , and formed a sort of stylus . he , “ the count and yourself recompense too generously a simple action . to the room where he had <unk> the abbé adelmonte had a collection of rabbits , cats , and <unk> , fully as fine as his collection of vegetables	211.57498168945312
, flowers , and fruit . the top when he heard a heavy <unk> in the <unk> was the general ’ s body , which the witnesses had just thrown into the river after ascertaining that he was dead . monsieur de rochefort , shall have the post of confidence ; you shall go to vincennes , where monsieur de beaufort is confined ; you will guard him well for me . , ” said the young man , “ as selfish children recollect their parents when they want their aid . the world , ” replied bonacieux . , lowering his voice and looking with a suppliant air at the cardinal , “ let us give them apparent security ; that is policy . ” , and	86.63813018798828
employed all the most acute bloodhounds and skilful agents in search of her . before she had traversed a third of the street . quarter full , as we before stated . scaffold ; oh , heavens , i forgot that it awaits me also ! i , ‘ that looks like my <unk> ; i fancy i must have <unk> that skull somewhere or <unk> ’ and , in fact , it was that unfortunate scotchman , parry ’ s brother , you know , on whom groslow amused himself by trying his strength . ” his real name ( as was the case with those of his two comrades ) , his life was very easily known . dantès ’ brow . two unfortunate beasts ,	246.56556701660156
who had not eaten anything since the morning , made such a noise in raising and letting fall the knocker that the procurator ordered his errand boy to go and inquire in the neighborhood to whom this horse and mule belonged . mazarin any better than you do . monsieur ; but suppose i should happen to be brought in contact , even four times a year , with such intelligence and <unk> , i should be a ruined man ! ” . in person the <unk> which surround the palais royal ; do you suppose that there is any danger in so doing ? ” of all these stock-jobbing intrigues . ” with the exception of two or three friends every one deserted him ; he had	164.68553161621094
no means of resistance . ” here he is ! ” cried a voice from the landing ; “ here he is ! repeated the monk , bending over him as if to tear from him the name if he would not utter it ; “ her name ! ” said the duke , starting in spite of himself . day of accustomed <unk> at the angle of two roads leading to marseilles from the catalans , she returned to her home more depressed than ever . haydée , that so perfect a seclusion , though <unk> with the habits and customs of the east , may not be practicable in paris . demonstration for the princes , but they had risen for broussel ; they were taking	137.33876037597656
the part of a plebeian and in defending broussel they instinctively felt they were defending themselves . seized me in her arms , and hurrying noiselessly along numerous turnings and windings known only to ourselves , she arrived at a private staircase of the kiosk , where was a scene of frightful tumult and confusion . ! who plays ! ” exclaimed lucien ; “ it is madame danglars ; she is indeed daring . ” do , then , to-night ? ” which the queen had sent him , he placed it in the hands of the priest who accompanied juxon . . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you have a wicked smile . monte cristo placing his arms around the count , and	104.31236267089844
leaning with him over the front of the box , just as haydée , whose eyes were occupied in examining the theatre in search of her guardian , perceived his pale features close to morcerf ’ s face . , ” said peppino , placing his hand on the banker ’ s shoulder ; “ people pay here before they eat . his treasure , or was all the world deceived as to faria ? made a special sign to him with his head . me more gently , father ; in my last moments i need a friend . ” return to paris , i shall be quite a sober , <unk> father of a family ! and <unk> <unk> the <unk> who has tried to put	114.95252990722656
on his own head a crown which he stole from under a <unk> the scoundrel who calls his party the party of the <unk> wants to send the princes of the blood to prison , not daring to kill them , as our great <unk> cardinal <unk> the miser , who weighs his gold pieces and keeps the <unk> ones for fear , though he is rich , of losing them at play next <unk> the impudent fellow who insults the queen , as they <unk> much the worse for <unk> who is going in three months to make war upon us , in order that he may retain his pensions ; is that the master whom you propose to me ? of the sort ; for were	221.56021118164062
the gentleman a montmorency , and the diplomatist a <unk> , we will breakfast at eleven ; in the meantime , follow debray ’ s example , and take a glass of sherry and a biscuit . ” also defective , you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem . the curate , “ this gentleman and i have come to talk with you a little . ” their windows , with the coolness peculiar to the inhabitants of paris in these times of perpetual riots and disturbances , closed them again as soon as they saw the four men in black <unk> instinct telling them that for the time all was over . him at la grêve , it could scarcely	173.4759063720703
be worth while to gag him , as they had nearly reached the place of execution . stove roared , the pretty madeleine wept ; d ’ artagnan felt himself invaded by hunger , cold and love . t set sufficient store on the cut of my <unk> to risk being hung at tyburn or sent for change of scene to the indies . before , my supper was brought . should have all due authority , it shall bear the imperial seal , which the <unk> is bound to have affixed to it . ’ access to or distribute copies of a project gutenberg™ work in a format other than “ plain vanilla ascii ” or other format used in the official version posted on the official	344.198974609375
project gutenberg™ website ( www.gutenberg.org ) , you must , at no additional cost , fee or expense to the user , provide a copy , a means of exporting a copy , or a means of obtaining a copy upon request , of the work in its original “ plain vanilla ascii ” or other form . ” said d ’ artagnan . foot . ” said monte cristo . ; but i tell you that the favor of a minister is ephemeral , and that a man must be mad to attach himself to a minister . that monk has , ” said de guiche . once to assume the command of the _pharaon_ , and look carefully to the <unk> of her freight . late	144.25985717773438
; they will be gone . ” ” you , d ’ artagnan , ” said athos , loud enough for the cardinal to hear him . , ” said he , quietly , “ for my part i have never loved . ” said caderousse ; “ no , i thank you . ” much to have five hundred louis , only . ” , ” said athos . you as a pattern for your conduct , not being , as you are , a paid servant , but a mere <unk> dog , who , should he fail in his duty towards me , i should not discharge from my service , but kill . ” four years ago he used to adorn and adore his	59.5549430847168
little idol , whom he will some day fall in love with in right earnest if he remains here . absent . ” apply to the chancellor , i will apply to the king , i will apply to the <unk> , i will move the courts against you , i will denounce you as branded , i will bring you to trial ; and if you are acquitted , well , by the faith of a gentleman , i will kill you at the corner of some wall , as i would a mad dog . ’ ” apprised him of all that was passing in her mind . . were assembled and rendered homage to their lord . asked danglars . the last few days ;	121.23934936523438
not that even in her days of fortune she had ever dressed with the magnificent display which makes us no longer able to recognize a woman when she appears in a plain and simple attire ; nor indeed , had she fallen into that state of depression where it is impossible to conceal the garb of misery ; no , the change in mercédès was that her eye no longer sparkled , her lips no longer smiled , and there was now a hesitation in uttering the words which formerly sprang so fluently from her ready wit . cardinal ’ s guards ? ” expect a higher rank , and who knows what might have happened had the elder branch remained on the throne ? the small cup	275.3235778808594
which contained the substance so <unk> , took a teaspoonful of the magic sweetmeat , raised it to his lips , and swallowed it slowly with his eyes half shut and his head bent backwards . , remove your <unk> ” the general tore the handkerchief from his eyes . , and directed his steps toward the door . of my guardian ? ” , whom he had treated so ill , was one of the tools of his eminence ; and d ’ artagnan knew that while his eminence was terrible to his enemies , he was strongly attached to his friends . brave , as we know , he was terrified at that wild countenance , those terribly dilated pupils , those pale cheeks , and	131.7650604248047
those bleeding lips . tent pressed a crowd of gentlemen and ladies . an hour , ’ was the reply . though born in paris , i was brought up in corsica . ” the duke , and made his way as quickly as possible to the riverside . many sweet thoughts for milady ; so , rocked by them , she soon fell asleep . the troop persist in coming to the assault , we will allow the besiegers to get as far as the ditch , and then we will push down upon their heads that strip of wall which keeps its <unk> by a miracle . ” this , ” said porthos and aramis , in the same manner as before . the following afternoon	166.06021118164062
, at half-past five o ’ clock , the young men parted . you , however , to the siege of la rochelle , ” said d ’ artagnan . porthos , “ in the first place make a bargain with the mercer , and a good bargain . ” mob have even suggested throwing up barricades in the rue saint denis and the rue saint antoine ? ” sir , ” he asked , “ that forget that this is not the manner to enter a house stricken with death ? stories of this bandit chief , each more singular than the other . necessary to affect weakness and <unk> a very difficult task for so finished an actress as milady . belong to no party ,	121.15116119384766
but remain friends ; let us be neither cardinalists nor frondists . ” out no longer ; she broke the silence . , then , to send the money to luigi vampa ? ” asked the young man , looking fixedly in his turn at the count . <unk> is nothing ; we are well mounted , are we not , porthos ? ” ; be assured i shall save you ! night now came back to his mind with startling clearness . not that the man is more ugly , more foolish , or more disagreeable than any other ; no , m. andrea cavalcanti may appear to those who look at men ’ s faces and figures as a very good specimen of his kind .	136.8746337890625
, for the young man raoul , ” said d ’ artagnan . , madame danglars , tired of waiting , returned home . consider the union with mademoiselle danglars a most suitable one ; she will enrich you , and you will <unk> her . ” ? ” d ’ artagnan ; “ i am most unhappy to hear it , on account of those fine animals . ” go to your rooms , and try to sleep away all recollections of this evening . a visit in my cell , my young friend , ” said he , “ i will show you an entire work , the fruits of the thoughts and reflections of my whole life ; many of them meditated over in the	70.26602172851562
shades of the colosseum at rome , at the foot of st. mark ’ s column at venice , and on the borders of the <unk> at florence , little imagining at the time that they would be arranged in order within the walls of the château d ’ if . monseigneur athos ? ” asked he . monk , grimaud became pale . he was sentry at the door of a general who carried on a secret correspondence with the enemy . had ceased , and the silence was frightful . ” replied the count . andrea , “ what do you want ? ” . the brigadier was too experienced to be convinced by a single proof . physician , and have , like my fellows	86.28250122070312
, sought more than once for the soul in living and in dead matter ; yet , like providence , it has remained invisible to my eyes , although present to my heart . frondeur , ’ ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i should knock here and should be sure of a good supper . were finally quit of monsieur de beaufort . ” little . ” burst into a flood of tears , and wrung her hands in agony ; but the thought , which she had always repelled before when it was suggested to her by another , came now in full force upon her mind ; and then , too , old dantès incessantly said to her , ‘ our edmond is dead	165.03244018554688
; if he were not , he would return to us . ’ a long letter . horseback and three who have dismounted . ” ” escape would be a serious misfortune to monsieur de chavigny , whom he hated for the petty persecutions he owed to him . , been involved in a dispute with the bishop of noyon in regard to the pierrefonds property , which <unk> his own , and weary at length of a legal <unk> which was beyond his comprehension , he put an end to it by purchasing pierrefonds and added that name to his others . and he suffered almost as much as poor kitty , who at that very moment was crying in the next chamber . , crammed in	175.91140747070312
the letter , and <unk> his doublet . here to enter into an <unk> of this curious work ; and i shall satisfy myself with referring such of my readers as appreciate the pictures of the period to its pages . of making people envious of me , duchess ? ” replied athos . mind was never more fertile in resources than in critical <unk> , swore again that he would try all <unk> means to prevent the <unk> of the bloody tragedy . them , that i may have the opportunity of making my peace with you ? ” dantès , holding out his hand , “ i thank you again . ” me , if the child be not dead , ” said porthos . and	114.47380065917969
most capital tobacco , in a small chest in the hold , which you shall have tomorrow . him in which there would be at the same time glory to be acquired , and money to be gained ; and as a far higher encouragement , it brought him into close intimacy with a woman he adored . the king , be his friends , protectors , march to battle at his side , and be near him in his house , where conspiracies , more dangerous than the perils of war , are <unk> every day . addressed my scruples asked me where your father had acquired his property ? leave , but maximilian would have died rather than <unk> his hold of the handle of the	188.66574096679688
door , which he closed upon the count . ” said d ’ artagnan , comprehending the slight frown of the musketeer . d ’ artagnan addressed the four musketeers , “ i am ordered to exercise the greatest possible care in guarding the prisoner , and since there are no locks to the carriage , i shall sit beside him . to you ? ” replied the king ; “ we are not of the same religion . ” said the englishman , taking a quantity of papers from his pocket , “ an assignment of 200,000 francs to our house by m. de boville , the inspector of prisons , to whom they are due . yourself , my sweet girl ! felton . me to	69.22377014160156
my death . ” supped , he went to bed . , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ listen to the noise of the people ; you will perceive that it resembles that of thunder . ” in the letter ? ” took porthos into an adjoining room , and they began to lay the basis of a reconciliation . ’ artagnan ! ” cried grimaud , “ impossible . ” by the help of two signs , with which i will acquaint you presently , you may ascertain with perfect certainty that my grandfather is still in the full possession of all his mental faculties . monsieur . breast through a <unk> in the cuirass . you mean ? ” it is quite impossible to procure	67.36158752441406
a carriage . ” forth one of the party stationed in the balcony on the lookout . of this opera if i can avoid it ; the music of <unk> <unk> is so sweet . ” a mutual understanding between the two officers of the law . planchet ? mme . o ’ clock striking at greenwich . ” is my friend , has just escaped from a serious danger , ” continued aramis , with <unk> , pointing to d ’ artagnan with his hand , and addressing the two ecclesiastics . noise of footsteps was heard upon the stairs ; the door was thrown violently open , and the unfortunate mercer rushed into the chamber in which the council was held . . others , being	98.95465850830078
unwilling to take the first chance from those who had the priority . do you want with me ? ” exclaimed athos . perfume done anything for me ? supper . ” from his belt and cut the cord . a sign with his hand , to which bonacieux replied by bowing to the ground . , “ is about to marry you , and will place in my hands his fortune , amounting to three million livres . ” live in the champs-élysées ? ” ’ t really wish it ? ” square was paved with heads . albert with firmness . will , ” replied aramis and porthos , with admirable promptness and decision , as if that were the simplest thing in the world ,	94.81011199951172
“ to be sure we will get you out ; but meantime , as we are to set off the day after tomorrow , you would do much better not to risk this bastille . ” . it to die tranquilly and honorably of old age , and if you make a campaign with it , take as much care of it as you would of an old servant . our musketeers , preparing to listen to a letter one of them had just received . what devil of an insect stung me and made me ambitious . you will make a handsome <unk> the day you marry mademoiselle danglars . ” just as i jumped the deck burst with a noise like the <unk> of a man-of-war	162.20994567871094
. ” replied dantès , who made no hesitation in answering . noticed by athos and aramis in the guardhouse , and when the two friends were announced they started and exchanged some words in a low tone . clock tomorrow rita ’ s father will be here with the money . ’ of the side wings of the gallery , after making a sign to porthos to explore the other , he saw , all at once , at his left , a tub containing an orange tree , which had been pushed out of its place and in its place an open aperture . , monsieur ? ” demanded the musketeer , <unk> a step , and with a foreign accent , which proved to d	95.1108169555664
’ artagnan that he was deceived in one of his <unk> . port , ” said aramis ; “ it will refresh you . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , crossing swords . ! ” resignation , that was all . him that he was a fool ; the <unk> went out to get stones to stone me with , but whilst they were away i found means to conciliate the priests who were present , so that my foe was <unk> instead of me . canvas . her own room , valentine , having once gained her liberty , entered the gallery , and , opening a small door at the end of it , found herself at once in the garden . , decided	86.80870819091797
to come to england again , ” said lord de winter , “ in spite of the resolutions you so often expressed in paris never to set your feet on british ground ? ” ! city of lille , as this woman has said . more steps before the landing . ” of a skirmish in getting rid of the duties ; the <unk> was , in truth , the <unk> enemy of the patron of _la jeune amélie_ . ” said the old man ’ s eye . ” said the king , seizing the bishop ’ s two hands in his own , “ promise that you will pray all your life for this gentleman and for the other that you hear beneath your feet ,	90.18727111816406
and for two others also , who , wherever they may be , are on the watch for my safety . ” confidence , since you have devised a new torture after i thought i had exhausted them all , then , count of monte cristo my pretended <unk> , count of monte cristo , the universal guardian , be satisfied , you shall witness the death of your friend ; ” and morrel , with a <unk> laugh , again rushed towards the pistols . must look after the anchoring , and dress the ship in mourning . ” ? ” the queen shook her head . ” she said softly to valentine , “ let her leave ; but do you stay . ” ramee made	117.96524047851562
a festivity of the little supper with his prisoner . , madame ? ” said mazarin , uneasily . ’ t return ; and if he should , he will be told that i have brought a woman with me , and that woman is in his apartment . ” the holy land , and one of his ancestors possessed <unk> , as the <unk> did the dead sea . ” he saw that the <unk> was not half empty . escape , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ with such enemies . a few words , but was not heard . each of the candles and blew them out one after the other . ! ” of bethune was here and wounded , when you uttered	61.91423034667969
two piercing cries . the same stature as his excellency , ” returned the host , pointing to albert . light shot through the mind of dantès , and cleared up all that had been dark and obscure before . , ” replied athos , with a threatening gesture that promised no good to <unk> it was addressed . ” replied albert , “ but not to my taste , which i confess , <unk> to something softer , gentler , and more feminine . ” on horseback . on its hinges , and the count of monte cristo reappeared . brilliant , ” answered the count . , ” said emmanuel , “ that i see two young men down there , who are evidently , waiting	90.56689453125
. ” sign in the affirmative . corridor , and barred his passage with the more intrepidity that , after many years of trial , bazin found himself near a result of which he had ever been ambitious . the appointment , the young man had established himself in the small salon downstairs . , the simple puritan fancied he recognized the step and voice of milady coming to throw herself into his arms , to accuse herself , and die with him . them , to make hazardous expeditions upon the dyke or the sea , to imagine wild plans , and to execute them <unk> were the <unk> which made the army find these days short which were not only so long to the rochellais ,	203.56497192382812
a prey to famine and anxiety , but even to the cardinal , who blockaded them so closely . made from the second pressing of the grape . as long as the almighty took to make the world ! . ” said la ramee , leaning back in his armchair and raising his glass of <unk> to his lips , and winking his eye that he might see the sun through the rich liquid that he was about to taste . ” replied franz . violent ! the association for a time with his own means . belt ; porthos and aramis , who held their drawn swords in their hands , returned them to their scabbards . knotted at the four corners and tell the crew to	139.17941284179688
disembark and carry the powder back to the arsenal , unless , <unk> ” fire , ” ejaculated mordaunt ; “ i have lighted it . ” cried the king , taking up tréville ’ s words , “ police affairs ! ; with black eyes , black hair , black eyebrows . ” of that , athos ? ” ” prayed the kneeling suppliant , “ protect my husband , guard my son , and take my wretched life instead ! ” by violence , if our love is mutual ? , i think , the sound of her _guzla_ , but she remained perfectly invisible . ” his hat on the ground , pushed back his chair to the wall and bowed to mordaunt with true	128.5467529296875
french grace . impossible , seeing that you were not at home , as he could see . ” to the _concierge_ , from whose vigilance and <unk> it was free , and , like that famous portal in the _arabian nights_ , opening at the “ <unk> ” of ali baba , it was wont to swing backward at a <unk> word or a concerted <unk> from without from the sweetest voices or <unk> fingers in the world . it , that is all ; and i thought from having his foot upon it the handkerchief was his . ” so any longer ? ” a hundred francs ; you see it is your interest to take my bank-notes . ” but his back , ” resumed	150.29806518554688
grimaud . are you sure he is as guilty as they say ? ” at liberty this evening , ” replied the husband , seriously ; “ she is detained at the louvre this evening by her duties . ” returned the old man , ‘ what hast thou done ? ’ and he gazed with terror on rita , pale and bloody , a knife buried in her bosom . receive and return them , sir , ” said the officer , in pretty good french , “ for i resided three years in paris . ” of the governor ’ s apartments , and were we to work our way through , we should only get into some <unk> cellars , where we must necessarily be	116.15026092529297
recaptured . <unk> mean those more distinguished . ” what ? ” kind of <unk> space between the floor of the king ’ s room and the ceiling of the one below it . of bracciano is one of the most delightful in rome , the duchess , one of the last <unk> of the <unk> , does its honors with the most consummate grace , and thus their _fêtes_ have a european celebrity . if you please , to answer in different order , or i will not do so at all . ” had loved him so tenderly , loved him still , although a mazarinist . me to show you the way. ” they passed silently into the breakfast-room , and everyone took his place	143.39059448242188
. i will guard the king and porthos shall guard the cardinal . ” it was in his majesty , did not prevent the courtiers from ranging themselves along his pathway . ” they had scarcely seen each other for a moment at the apartment of the swiss guard , germain , whither d ’ artagnan had sent for her . shaking hand , seized a glass of water that was standing by him <unk> , swallowed it at one gulp , and then resumed his seat , with red eyes and pale cheeks . . ” alone ? ” dance , but i like to see others do so . caderousse , thunderstruck , “ but for that black hair , i should say you were the	106.0910415649414
englishman , lord wilmore . ” told him all ; he knew me , that man did , and did not doubt an instant . and he went on before , followed by athos and aramis . milady ’ s . ” ” <unk> 3,000 francs . . ” maximilian ! ” minute , threw a rapid glance around him , and then his hand fell instantly into his pocket , where it began playing with a pistol . d ’ artagnan , “ let us be off ! me , ” said planchet , “ but is it really the king who is lying there ? ” ” said la ramee , “ that ’ s not a bad idea . ” we say ; she never	54.8518180847168
goes to bed before midnight . ” ” she said . reckon your outfit will cost ? ” said d ’ artagnan . sight of that woman and she is now in safety in the convent , which you should never have allowed her to reach , try , at least , not to miss the man . pass lorient and brest without repeating her request to the captain , who , on his part , took care not to remind her of it . the steward with a strange expression . enough to be heard in the skies . , as usual , at his place of observation before the door , his eyes glancing listlessly from a piece of closely <unk> <unk> which some fowls were	123.99609375
<unk> , though fruitlessly , endeavoring to turn up some grain or insect suited to their <unk> the deserted road , which led away to the north and south , when he was aroused by the shrill voice of his wife , and grumbling to himself as he went , he mounted to her chamber , first taking care , however , to set the entrance door wide open , as an invitation to any chance traveller who might be passing . the cabin door was <unk> ; now i recollect , —danglars himself passed by just as captain leclere was giving me the packet for the grand marshal . ” friend a part of his share which he should return when convenient . bed . twenty more	226.96463012695312
shots were fired , and the flame , rushing up like fire from the crater of a volcano , soon reached the tapestry , which it quickly devoured . consider these praises the result of blind maternal affection , but there is a soul of iron in that delicate , fragile body . of bethune in an access of passion , but now his fury is assuaged . ” young man , and that ring has a terrible one , which may betray him who wears it . ” d ’ artagnan ; “ i , too , am going . ” , tell me where he is . ” , and as the day was beginning to decline , he approached the window to read it .	124.9868392944336
muffled drums filled the square . lord , that it is he who answered for me to the queen ? ” they smell so extraordinary in this soup ? ” said porthos , at the sight of a pale liquid , abundant but entirely free from meat , on the surface of which a few crusts swam about as rare as the islands of an archipelago . he , ‘ you have heard the comte de morcerf ’ s defence . of dantès being engaged in a conspiracy ? ” ” monte cristo “ i only guessed . will put all this to rights . ” ” since . ” a famine ! ” being raised to the dignity of landlord , thought he would make all ready	129.8014373779297
, like an intelligent man ; and with this view called in the assistance of the lackey of one of his master ’ s guests , named fourreau , and the false soldier who had tried to kill d ’ artagnan and who , belonging to no corps , had entered into the service of d ’ artagnan , or rather of planchet , after d ’ artagnan had saved his life . a self-possessed , disdainful smile . happened . ” exclaimed dantès ; “ do you really believe i can acquire all these things in so short a time ? ” and strove to lift the coffer ; it was impossible . dark lantern , bunch of keys , and clothing , excepting the waistcoat ,	100.51741790771484
which could not be found , were deposited at the <unk> ; the corpse was conveyed to the <unk> . the young man . his father . ” , clinging to the curtain ; he uttered the most dreadful sob which ever escaped from the bosom of a father abandoned at the same time by his wife and son . again ? . understanding , wisely deemed that the supper table would be the most complete and satisfactory point of reunion , and at the moment when his friends , in deference to his deportment and sobriety , dared scarcely speak of some of their former good dinners , he was the first to propose that they should all assemble around some well spread table and abandon themselves	167.8471221923828
unreservedly to their own natural character and <unk> freedom which had formerly contributed so much to that good understanding between them which gave them the name of the inseparables . was not easily <unk> rather , thanks to a great pride natural to the men of his country , he did not allow one easily to see what was passing in his mind when that which was passing at all resembled <unk> placed himself haughtily in front of messieurs the guards , and waited with his hand on his hip , in an attitude by no means deficient in majesty . papers . candle , i hurried to the staircase ; about midway a body was lying quite across the stairs . then . . very coating of	241.09185791015625
fat that makes me shiver . ” ” returned the inspector with a smile . just left this room , have they not ? ” , ” said monte cristo , in a most solemn tone ; “ but instead of your son ’ s blood to stain the ground , mine will flow . ” . ” was dry , led into a deep <unk> . door ; you bid me adieu ; you mount the step to embrace me a last time ; my brother ’ s servant , who comes to fetch me , is told how to proceed ; he makes a sign to the postillion , and we set off at a gallop . ” de morcerf , i am referred to you	86.42913818359375
, ” said the countess . acquaintance , had been on all points so rational and <unk> , so wonderfully sagacious , in fact , that he could not understand how so much wisdom on all points could be allied with madness . for today . , ” cried milady , with a feigned exultation , “ on the day when i shall have suffered sufficiently for my faith . ” , ” said athos ; “ but that concerns aramis . ” seems to be going to see the queen of england . door , and had not lost one word of this scene . you want ? ” it was , by raising and lowering his head eight or ten times successively . ” replied monte	73.49636840820312
cristo taking the hand held out to him by the general ; “ in this instance i may fairly and freely accept your thanks ; but you have already tendered them , and fully discharged your <unk> indeed there existed one—and i feel almost mortified to find you still reverting to the subject . overwhelm me with <unk> ! ” ” said villefort , placing the letter in his pocketbook , “ i must have another ! ” said athos , “ it was hardly worth while to distribute ourselves for twenty fellows armed with pickaxes , <unk> , and shovels . i will come and see you , and you shall convince me . ” ? ” anything or everything . devil that pursues ! ” he	166.5467987060547
cried ; drawing his sword and preparing to attack the new foe . here , gentlemen ? ” said château-renaud , shaking hands with each of them . ” the president , when silence was restored , ‘ is the count of morcerf convicted of <unk> , treason , and conduct <unk> a member of this house ? ’ — ‘ yes , ’ replied all the members of the committee of inquiry with a unanimous voice . monsieur . ” god who hears us , that on the contrary i am a fervent catholic ! ” , ” said athos , more and more convinced that he who interrogated them had the right to do so . attitude , and threw myself down . in paris ?	108.14486694335938
try and enter the louvre . to his own home , ” said d ’ artagnan , as if he had done nothing but command all his life ; “ and attention ! was the old man sitting in his armchair in his usual place , but his eyes expressed alarm , which was confirmed by the pallor which overspread his features . who will turn their hands to anything . , ” said the monk , who , sitting on the foot of the bed , began to be interested in a story so strangely introduced . , very rough at this period of the year all along the sea coast , destroyed every day some little vessel ; and the shore , from the point of	106.50199890136719
l ’ aiguillon to the trenches , was at every tide literally covered with the wrecks of <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> . . ” with a million ? ” retorted the count . third door that those who solicited or were bidden to an audience underwent their formal interrogatory . , ” continued de winter ; “ let us be off ; the boat must be waiting for us and there is our sloop at <unk> you see it there ? first received these two <unk> athos had never parted with them . always love you . should drink to their health in their favorite wine . thousand francs . ” , where the air is pure , where every sound <unk> , where one is	158.29966735839844
sure to be humbled , however proud may be his nature . wished to be convinced , nothing more ; but now that we have come to so clear an understanding , and that all distrust and suspicion are laid at rest , we may as well fix a sum as the probable expenditure of the first year , suppose we say six millions to—— ” a dolorous situation which he had not foreseen . he could gain that of her mistress . it . ” , for i must leave you ; but i carry your word with me , do i not ? ” could be the significance of this purse , with the paper at one end and the large diamond at the other .	171.97921752929688
” opened and madame de chevreuse was announced . he could comprehend what it contained . stones , i suppose , ” said franz with an incredulous smile . at cours la reine , you find no one , you must go on to saint germain . the jailer was coming . peering through the crevices of the wooden partition , he soon discovered the young girl , who cast aside all her usual precautions and walked at once to the barrier . continued the cardinal , “ as i have heard nothing of you for some time past , i wished to know what you were doing . air will suit us much better just now than the air of paris . monsieur le comte , you	116.67805480957031
know me and i know you . cramped with looking at it , but at the end of a year i became used to it ; and then we have our hours of recreation , and our holidays . ” . he had . has not quite forgotten the young traveler whom we left on the road to flanders . the opportunity to make fresh inquiries of the new conductor ; but the horses were unharnessed , and others put in their places , without anyone claiming money from the traveller . that alarmed us , for detachments were constantly <unk> along the banks of the rhône , but the care , according to the boy ’ s account , that they took to avoid being seen .	145.45156860351562
, you are in love with this lady as you were with madame bonacieux , ” said athos , shrugging his shoulders <unk> , as if he pitied human weakness . who opens the dead body , and <unk> from the <unk> and stomach a quantity of arsenic in a spoon . morrel ; “ gone ! <unk> , my <unk> , my father ! ” that peace to her in a true <unk> is to say , with all its advantages ; when he had pointed out to her , in exchange for the precarious and contested royalty of paris , the <unk> of <unk> ’ <unk> , in other words , of all normandy ; when he had rung in her ears the five hundred thousand	112.11032104492188
francs promised by the cardinal ; when he had dazzled her eyes with the honor bestowed on her by the king in holding her child at the baptismal font , madame de longueville contended no longer , except as is the custom with pretty women to contend , and defended herself only to surrender at last . endeavoring to catch all that was said , in observing the proceeding of the cardinal , and in looking out for all the couriers who arrived . it ; he is my only remaining friend and we both need his help , —come . ” , ” said the young man , coolly , “ you will kill yourself in jumping . ” something else to do . ” prison rules	172.6417999267578
, and prisoners must not even ask for it . ” either a dull provincial person or a spy in search of information . ” a chair as though struck by a thunderbolt and in vain attempted a reply . of henry iv . monsieur de tréville telling me , when he did me the honor to call upon me yesterday , that you associated with the suspected english , whom the cardinal protects ? ” sir ? ” he said at last . , i shall be happy to show you my picture gallery , composed entirely of works by the ancient <unk> as such . elegant simplicity in a figured white silk dress , and a white rose half concealed in her jet black hair was	180.247802734375
her only ornament , <unk> by a single jewel . ? ” if the whole hostelry had been removed from his breast . the moment was come . and never stirred , ” said mordaunt . which chance sometimes affords opportunity , and those are the best of all . the morrow was to be that of the positions taken in the evening . she want to speak to me at all ? ” avoided the monk by the whole width of the road and passed him , turning his head away in <unk> . in front of the cardinal ; this was his second interview with richelieu , and he afterward confessed that he felt well assured it would be his last . the wounded man into	122.56230163574219
a room . ” repeated d ’ artagnan . that affairs were growing worse and he beat the guard ’ s march upon the door . sad one , sir , ” said caderousse , shaking his head ; “ perhaps you know all the earlier part of it ? ” ” has written to the duke of buckingham in her name . ” once , ” replied grimaud , a cloud darkening his countenance at the picture so suddenly summoned to the bar of recollection . said morcerf . of the ante-room myself and i saw you enter at the end of the corridor . ” ” exclaimed mazarin , piteously . reflected ! ” said the prisoner , sitting down in her armchair , with a	78.09122467041016
smile of disdain ; “ and i also have reflected . ” so , ” added château-renaud , with the air of a man who knows the whole of the european nobility perfectly . be a fool to accept your offer . ’ horse ; not for a kingdom ! minutes at st. omer . , then ? ” inquired d ’ artagnan , fixing his eyes on the corpse . person with them whom i knew perfectly well , and who had , in all probability made their acquaintance ; he was a tailor named caderousse , but he was very drunk . m. noirtier ’ s grandchild as valentine , and yet , if she had not been going to marry m. franz , m. noirtier	83.4007568359375
would have left her all his money ; and supposing valentine to be disinherited by her grandfather , she will still be three times <unk> than he . ” francs in your pocket ; that will be fifty fowls at 100,000 francs apiece , and half a fowl for the 50,000 . ” buried his head in the bed . dantès could not give sufficiently clear instructions to an agent . like <unk> my hands . ” ? ” cried the young girl , extending her hand through the opening , and seizing maximilian by his coat , for she understood from her own agitated feelings that her lover ’ s calmness could not be real ; “ where are you going ? ” the soup which the	132.04017639160156
jailer had brought , rose , staggered towards it , raised the vessel to his lips , and drank off the contents with a feeling of indescribable pleasure . ; but i deny that it is so in the part of it inhabited by monsieur d ’ artagnan , for i can affirm , sire , if i can believe what he says , that there does not exist a more devoted servant of your majesty , or a more profound admirer of monsieur the cardinal . ” into arithmetical explanations with an artist like you , who fears to enter my study lest she should imbibe disagreeable or <unk> impressions and sensations . of the louvre , he turned to the left , galloped across the <unk>	149.48455810546875
, passed through the rue <unk> , and , issuing from the rue de la <unk> , he arrived at m. danglars ’ door just at the same time that villefort ’ s <unk> , after having deposited him and his wife at the faubourg saint-honoré , stopped to leave the baroness at her own house . friend . ” ’ artagnan with extreme politeness and invited him to sit down with him to supper , of which he was himself about to partake . turned the corner of the thicket ; he found rita senseless in the arms of cucumetto . as he was , or appeared to be , could not resist the secret influence which had already taken possession of him . ’ s horse	74.60192108154297
stumbled and fell on his knees ; then a rattling in his throat was heard and he lay down to die . tall , the president offered him the side of the railing to assist him in getting down . made up ; he would shoot dantès , and then kill himself . by the cries she made . ; although it is only just beginning , did a lovely summer ’ s day ever dawn with greater purity than has marked the commencement of your career ? to fail in her promise to maximilian , she proposed to mademoiselle danglars that they should take a walk in the garden , being anxious to show that the delay , which was doubtless a cause of vexation to him	168.63523864746094
, was not occasioned by any neglect on her part . lofty glance , this handsome cavalier , so brilliant in feats of arms that every one was surprised that he held in his hand a sword only instead of a baton of command ! ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i will have done with her . arms folded , near rita , who was still insensible . the window , and lent his ear . worth , porthos ? ” a fine flemish phrase ; the officer replied in words that belonged to no language at all , and the bargain was concluded ; madeleine ’ s brother entered d ’ artagnan ’ s service . me hope ? ” coadjutor , ” said bazin	126.5858154296875
. gospel say ? you . ” arms to heaven , and convulsively struck one hand against the other . poor porthos when he comes up , ” said aramis . indeed he . to keep awake a whole night . ” i have left in the world , ” he said , “ out of an immense fortune . would fight , then ? . . , indeed . will be a difficult matter to arrange , besides , i shall just be in the way of all the preparations for departure . ” to cover the young man with a single glance ; he smiled on perceiving that he was a child hardly fifteen years old . said athos . working , ” said the procurator	81.04895782470703
, gravely . the heart by a frightful <unk> conversation he had heard between the doctor and villefort the night of madame de saint-méran ’ s death , recurred to him ; these symptoms , to a less alarming extent , were the same which had preceded the death of barrois . this time it was no longer from affectation , but from terror . alone was deprived of his office , being suspected of royalism . there ? exclaimed the gascon , “ ’ tis a dreadful night , my lord . much if i were poor , would you not , maximilian ? ” <unk> the mark , and he added quickly , — “ no one ; but in order to have known everything so	114.19123077392578
well , you must have been an <unk> . ” there , if the hostess remains the same . me start when you said the other day , at m. de morcerf ’ s , that messrs. thomson & french were your bankers . unusual humility , and showed her two immense porcelain jars , over which wound <unk> plants , of a size and delicacy that nature alone could produce . you , my dear doctor , that you may be deceived . ” , but wilful negligence or forgetfulness , never . fell into a rage , <unk> , and declared that they wished to <unk> him to death as they had <unk> the marechal ornano and the grand prior of vendome ; but he refused	176.3974151611328
to promise that he would not make any more drawings and remained without any fire in the room all the winter . you , ‘ i love you as a brother ; but do not ask from me more than <unk> affection , for my heart is another ’ s. ’ is not this true , fernand ? ” to tell you that she still loved you . ” is dead ! ” replied d ’ avrigny , in a voice terrible in its solemn calmness . said valentine , raising both her hands to heaven with a sublime expression , “ i have done my utmost to remain a submissive daughter ; i have begged , entreated , implored ; he has regarded neither my prayers ,	110.90758514404297
my entreaties , nor my tears . i saw him pass ; but pray , call emmanuel . ” to the day , the very hour and the date is a sacred one , maximilian . it ? ” said d ’ artagnan . said maximilian , “ i pity her very much ; she is so noble a woman ! ” <unk> waiting woman , some <unk> <unk> ; _ from madame de chevreuse ’ s chambermaid , perhaps , who was obliged to return to tours with her mistress , and who , in order to appear <unk> and attractive , stole some perfumed paper , and sealed her letter with a duchess ’ s coronet . ” make me hateful , but i will prevent	98.30394744873047
your rendering me ridiculous , and , above all , i forbid you to ruin me . ” sure , she is not happy , ” said caderousse . athos . friend , ” said madame danglars , with the same simplicity we before noticed , “ it is a fact . and prayed , with her head buried between her palpitating arms . said the maid , “ retired to her apartment with mademoiselle d ’ armilly ; they then took tea together , after which they desired me to leave , saying that they needed me no longer . ” drew a paper from a secret drawer in his desk , and wrote at the bottom of the document ( which was no other than his	93.57073974609375
will , made since his arrival in paris ) a sort of codicil , clearly explaining the nature of his death . i am charged , sir , ” replied the visitor , speaking with hesitation , “ is a confidential one on the part of him who <unk> it , and him by whom he is <unk> ” the abbé bowed . ! d ’ artagnan . been here <unk> hours . ” intoxicated with joy , electrified by love . who takes my comb and puts it in his pocket ? ” asked the duke . affairs when , the day after his interview with m. de boville , the confidential clerk of the house of thomson & french of rome , presented himself at m.	111.4787826538086
morrel ’ s . <unk> m. de villefort , and begs me to present him to your majesty . ” staircase lies , probably , the cardinal ’ s treasury of which folk tell such wonders , and we should only have to descend , empty a chest , shut the cardinal up in it , double lock it , go away , carrying off as much gold as we could , put back this orange-tree over the place , and no one in the world would ever ask us where our fortune came <unk> even the cardinal . ” the evening before ? , your goodness and your courage incline me toward you ; my gratitude is already due . had just entered . , and this	166.97349548339844
morning offered to share his money with me , as i shared mine with him . a fault which is perhaps great , but which certainly was involuntary . ” are suspected by your majesty , ” said tréville , “ the musketeers are guilty ; therefore , you see me prepared to surrender my <unk> after having accused my soldiers , there can be no doubt that monsieur the cardinal will end by accusing me . shall never escape my lips ; say , albert , my friend , do you wish it ? ” in spite of the height jumped lightly over it . way for your majesty to escape . upon any ? ” asked danglars . until the curtain was drawn up . d	103.38256072998047
’ avrigny to villefort , “ nature knows how to alleviate the deepest sorrow . his own , while beauchamp , as a journalist , had unlimited range all over the theatre . in the evening athos ordered the horses to be saddled , and lord de winter and his friends notified that they must prepare for the expedition . d ’ artagnan . confess , but it was not criminal . ” ” replied monte cristo ; “ but you see i make no resistance . ” and hoarse ; his face was furrowed with wrinkles ; his eyes burned under the <unk> <unk> , and he tottered like a drunken man . the love you once bore me ! ” for , on the contrary ,	91.93553924560547
i am desired to preserve the profoundest mystery . ” aramis , “ i may have done some good ; so , my lord , deign to receive my most respectful homage ! the amount of a million a year , from which we derive an income of 40,000 francs . they heard the noise of a carriage which stopped at the gate . ’ s opinion , my lord . ” the bolt grind in the lock and when he was satisfied that he was alone he slowly rose from his <unk> posture . and the governor is asleep . you i had no idea of insulting the court , or of making a useless disturbance in the presence of this honorable assembly . happened to me	103.08293151855469
lately that i am on the verge of madness . ” know how to make you leave your home ! ” replied albert , clasping in his convulsed grasp the glove , which monte cristo did not lose sight of . replied d ’ artagnan , taking it from his finger . ” cried the duke . the purpose , —our business concerns valentine , let us leave the dead in peace . ” this famous luigi vampa be ? ” inquired albert ; “ he may be very famous at rome , but i can assure you he is quite unknown at paris . ” the robe of the <unk> queen and rising , with a dignity that made a deep impression on those around : all	108.92353820800781
day , not daring to return to his friend , thinking thus to defer the moment when he should be convinced , once for all , that the abbé was <unk> a conviction would be so terrible ! you for one of us . ” have them back again . ” , ” rejoined athos , “ tell you , d ’ artagnan , that the queen thought that buckingham had been brought over by a forged letter ? ” distance climbing the rock in order to look down upon the boat as it passed . ” his finger toward heaven . , ” murmured the pilot , “ you should not have done so ; our master will scold us for it . ” , ” replied	81.06592559814453
the impassive young man ; “ your lordship may be assured that it requires more than the tricks and coquetry of a woman to corrupt me . ” on the contrary , that if they fall upon him i will fall upon them . ” to you , ” said the count , “ that i lay yearly aside a certain sum for each servant in my establishment ; those whom i am compelled to dismiss lose ( as a matter of course ) all participation in this money , while their portion goes to the fund accumulating for those domestics who remain with me , and among whom it will be divided at my death . ” said danglars , laughing , “ it would do her	142.8614044189453
a great deal of good . ” de saint-méran , i have known that a poisoner lived in my house . dantès , lost to me long , long since . <unk> ” friends are detained at the siege of la rochelle . ” shipowner quitted the two allies , and proceeded in the direction of the palais de justice . , you can imagine that they are but little in the vein for conversation . ” , ” he said , making an effort to control himself , “ we are not people who may be treated <unk> ; my friend there is the viscount of bragelonne and i am the count de guiche . speak french with a very pure accent , ” said danglars .	96.95254516601562
words can not express one half of my satisfaction . ” , ” replied the notary ; “ on the contrary , the meaning of m. noirtier is quite evident to me , and i can quite easily connect the train of ideas passing in his mind . ” . as we appear to be . he broke my arm ; the second , he wounded me in the breast ; and the third time , made this large <unk> ” the englishman turned down his <unk> , and showed a scar , whose <unk> proved it to be a recent one . of my captivity . the young man . said she , in a hollow voice . credited such a thing , my dear danglars ?	74.87958526611328
” asked m. morrel , as , on his return to the port for the purpose of <unk> fresh tidings of dantès , from m. de villefort , the assistant procureur , he overtook his supercargo and caderousse . a terrible antagonist . ; he had taken revenge on mazarin and had aided in his father ’ s deliverance from prison . me now ? ” on the head and immediately his face was covered with blood . ” , but in the darkness he looked in vain for the white dress , and in the silence he vainly listened for the sound of footsteps . it ? ” the groom , “ they have traversed six leagues and have only been unsaddled half an hour . ”	102.88459014892578
it seems to be the result of certain propositions which mazarin made last night to the parisians . ” of money to bring matters to an end with louis xii . long stout sword on his flank and he instinctively slipped it around within reach of his right hand . of crime or treason . him , at the bottom of his heart , that he was but an instrument of vengeance , that he was only caressed till he had given death ; but pride , but self-love , but madness silenced this voice and stifled its murmurs . head , ” replied athos ; “ you know i am cool enough . ” soul were already hovering over my body , my eyes , which i	166.09339904785156
tried to open , closed against my will , and what will appear impossible above all to you , sir , i saw , with my eyes shut , in the spot where you are now standing , issuing from that corner where there is a door leading into madame villefort ’ s <unk> saw , i tell you , silently enter , a white figure . ” once . ” ” whispered albert , “ there is not much to find fault with here . ” day for me , ’ continued the young girl , raising her ardent gaze to heaven , ‘ that on which i find at last an opportunity of avenging my father ! ’ occurs to me that the puritans are furious	125.04209899902344
against buckingham , and their <unk> <unk> him as the antichrist . ” watching his flock . rascal ! ” said bazin , looking uneasily around . , ” said the commissary to the two guards . , ” said debray coldly , “ i had your permission to do so , and i have made use of it . morrel , “ you dead ? ” thought , milady ’ s wound was not dangerous . he , with that benevolent politeness which distinguished his salutation from the common civilities of the world , “ my cavalier has attained his object . between the culprit and the victim i have no choice . ” not like to converse in our language , ” replied the envoy .	101.4672622680664
he was about to say , while richelieu , stretching out his neck , waited uselessly for the word which had died on the lips of the king . first , and three balls , by passing through it , made the napkin really a flag . s directions , danglars was waited on by vampa , who brought him the best wine and fruits of italy ; then , having conducted him to the road , and pointed to the post-chaise , left him leaning against a tree . everything will come to us when wanted . quietly , and put it as quietly in his pocket ; read the examination , and saw that the name of noirtier was not mentioned in it ; perused ,	147.81390380859375
too , the application dated 10th april , 1815 , in which morrel , by the deputy procureur ’ s advice , exaggerated with the best intentions ( for napoleon was then on the throne ) the services dantès had rendered to the imperial <unk> which villefort ’ s <unk> rendered indisputable . that arm struck him so violently in the back that he let go the ladder , crying , “ help ! ” a second blow struck him almost immediately in the side , and he fell , calling , “ help , murder ! ” then , as he rolled on the ground , his adversary seized him by the hair , and struck him a third blow in the chest . he had been	231.86892700195312
looking at on the table , and stood with his head drooping on his breast , as though overwhelmed by the perseverance and strength of faria ’ s mind . made , which will bring this dreadful tragedy to a close . say ? ” of that soft voice , in which sounded sometimes a sort of gentle <unk> , like the hissing of young <unk> . and night soon pass away . do not compel me to tarnish that noble and pure image reflected incessantly on the mirror of my heart . do more than he has promised . ” to see me ? ” inquired he . a palace ? ” said danglars , laughing ; “ come , that is something . ” ’ artagnan	92.61255645751953
, who , thanks to his four trusses of straw , was in the act of making up and tasting , by anticipation , the luxury of a bed so soft , so well stuffed at the head , so well covered at the foot , that it would have excited the envy of the king himself , if his majesty had not been fast asleep in his own . , my lord , ” said she , in order to gain time and make her adversary speak out . charity , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ not to lead one ’ s neighbors into temptation . ” them approach , drew back mechanically , until he found himself stopped by a <unk> in the centre	107.55818176269531
of the clump ; there he was compelled to remain . i was plunged during a day and night in a dungeon of the bastille ? ” old man ’ s eyes , which were raised towards heaven with an expression of infinite gratitude . heaven , sir , ” cried she , “ what means all that is passing ? wine to <unk> . ” foot ; drums were beating in the streets and in the port ; the troops about to embark were marching toward the sea . the affair ; he had only to turn his eyes on one side , and allow andrea to fly , and follow up the crime under that shadow of guilt called contempt of court . my duties will	119.27521514892578
afford me a little liberty , and i will take advantage of it to come and put things in order here , as they must necessarily be much deranged . ” short picard <unk> , which cost three hundred livres . this interview , and i trust it will convince you how <unk> are your objections to valentine ’ s marriage . ” recovered consciousness , when again i heard groans , mingled with half-stifled cries , as if from persons engaged in a deadly struggle . with a smile and taking him by the hand led him into his study . on corpus christi day , in the garden of the hôtel des postes , when chance brought us together ; you , madame de villefort ,	171.48690795898438
and her son ; i now remember having had the honor of meeting you . ” man ! d ’ artagnan ; “ but what if this rendezvous had some hidden purpose ? ” ” said the gascon , “ take care of yourself , for i am not a bad hand at the rapier . ” possessed of that strange character which has so often made me tremble ! ” height of his despair god assisted him through human means . man , scarcely sixteen years of age , now white with anger . be seen ; trees appeared in the darkness like great black phantoms chasing one another . , and by yourself , whom i love and <unk> above all the world , i swear	123.50926208496094
it . ” such as it is , it is filled with dormice , who eat everything . ” another thing , ” said athos , “ which is , that in firing off your pistol you hold your arm too far outstretched . is where he meditates on state affairs . ” precedes ordination , a thesis is always a requisite . ” i am not offended , ” answered she , “ but do you not see what a poor , helpless being i am , almost a stranger and an outcast in my father ’ s house , where even he is seldom seen ; whose will has been thwarted , and spirits broken , from the age of ten years , beneath the iron	160.6956329345703
<unk> so sternly held over me ; oppressed , mortified , and persecuted , day by day , hour by hour , minute by minute , no person has cared for , even observed my sufferings , nor have i ever breathed one word on the subject save to yourself . that , ” said buckingham ; “ he has a prisoner . ” the story relative to the diamond , and there existed no such person as the abbé busoni , then , indeed , i was lost past redemption , or , at least , my life hung upon the feeble chance of caderousse himself being apprehended and confessing the whole truth . left side of the portico , two men presented themselves at the <unk>	204.9132080078125
; the one was ali , who , smiling with an expression of the most sincere joy , seemed amply repaid by a mere look from monte cristo . you to lead , poor maximilian , you who are formed for happiness ! to the road of chaillot ; the day began to decline , carriages were passing and <unk> . politeness of manner that he heard cavalcanti pronounce these words : ” said valentine ; “ is this the reason why grandpapa has made me share all his <unk> during the last month ? ” a moment towards the procureur , who sat as motionless as though a thunderbolt had changed him into a corpse . <unk> according to d ’ artagnan ’ s portrait of him	147.50050354003906
, the stranger must be a <unk> be incapable of the baseness of stealing a letter . ? ” asked mazarin , raising a cloak which covered an arm-chair , upon which lay a complete dress for an officer , of <unk> and red , entirely embroidered with silver . editions not protected by u.s. copyright law means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works , so the foundation ( and you ! ) hundred pistoles for the <unk> ” for a time , i only fight when i am forced to do so , and always with great repugnance ; but this time the affair is serious , for here is a lady compromised by you . ” athos , “ are you	162.99888610839844
selling my <unk> <unk> ? ? ” went out , leaving the two girls a prey to their own feelings of shame , and to the comments of the crowd . ; perhaps , on perceiving it was still alive , he had thrown it into the river . ” fly . porthos . confession is , i am . asking you why you altered your costume . with questions respecting the count ; she insists upon it that i can tell her his birth , education , and <unk> , where he came from , and whither he is going . tiresome . ” his mistress abandons him , he will find friends , i will answer for it . chamber , the flooring of which creaked	121.82453918457031
beneath her heavy , uncertain tread , as she proceeded towards her armchair , into which she fell as though exhausted . . ” , ” said the host , “ i ’ ll give the pie and the bottle of wine to your servant , and in this way you will have the pen and ink into the bargain . ” ’ s maid says , sir , that mademoiselle is finishing her <unk> , and will be here shortly . ” sort of courier , covered with dust , the bearer of a letter from the duke to the cardinal , giving testimony to the valor of d ’ artagnan and porthos . maximilian , “ but i feel sure he has an excellent heart ,	92.7150650024414
and that he likes us . ” paces from them the prince turned around to the soldiers : ‘ comrades , ’ he said , ‘ you are about to suffer a furious discharge ; but after that you will make short work with those <unk> ’ there was such dead silence that friends and enemies could have heard these words ; then raising his sword , ‘ sound trumpets ! ’ he cried . ” the royal bed , my simar , madame , looks not unlike the mantle worn by kings . ” detestable , ” replied porthos . you are <unk> is a queen . ” not the slightest appearance of disease in the world , and the rabbit had not the smallest distrust ;	140.26779174804688
yet , five minutes afterwards , the rabbit was dead . us , they laughed in order to insult us ; if they did not believe it they insulted us all the more . ” said peppino , offering him a little blunt knife and a <unk> fork . shadows , the table sink through the floor ; a quarter of an hour later it reappeared , bearing my supper . , free step of an <unk> or an andalusian . said porthos , “ i would like to know what grimaud is about . ” ” ? —then you will not leave me , albert ? ” will never take place , ” said beauchamp . a rich one too , eh ? ” door himself ,	120.39938354492188
and as the carriage rolled away he passed up the walk , rang , and entered the open door with his servant . step farther , d ’ artagnan , ” said he , “ we shall cross swords together . ” ! ties which bind me to mademoiselle valentine ; if he be a sensible man , he will prove it by renouncing of his own accord the hand of his betrothed , and will secure my friendship , and love until death ; if he refuse , either through interest or ridiculous pride , after i have proved to him that he would be forcing my wife from me , that valentine loves me , and will have no other , i will fight with him	123.4200668334961
, give him every advantage , and i shall kill him , or he will kill me ; if i am victorious , he will not marry valentine , and if i die , i am very sure valentine will not marry him . ” failed in his career , but circumstances had been adverse to him . little village of eccuis , in which there is but one <unk> shield of france . , and then suddenly checking himself , he was silent ; then he continued , “ your pardon , sire , ” he said , bowing , “ my zeal carried me away . , so brave , and handles his sword so skillfully . ” if he had doubted his words . eleven	90.7240982055664
days of confinement at a crown a day , but he had reckoned without his guest . confess , that is the thing i stand most in need of . ” still ; the family had all retired to rest but villefort , who alone remained up , and worked till five o ’ clock in the morning , reviewing the last interrogatories made the night before by the examining magistrates , <unk> the <unk> of the witnesses , and putting the finishing stroke to the deed of accusation , which was one of the most energetic and best conceived of any he had yet delivered . how the relationship between aramis and a seamstress who called the queen her sister amused the young men ; but aramis	211.81219482421875
, after having blushed two or three times up to the whites of his eyes at the gross pleasantry of porthos , begged his friends not to revert to the subject again , declaring that if a single word more was said to him about it , he would never again implore his cousins to interfere in such affairs . called haydée your sister , —let her become so indeed , valentine ; render her all the gratitude you fancy that you owe to me ; protect her , for ” ( the count ’ s voice was thick with emotion ) “ henceforth she will be alone in the world . ” with much calmness , his eyes gave forth <unk> of extraordinary ferocity . after her	233.68338012695312
at boulogne . that such is his intention , ” said morrel . . ” him , she cried , “ you have promised your protection ; you have promised to save me from her anger . eaten and drunk respectfully the crown you gave me this morning , so that i have not a sou left in case i should be cold . ” villefort , “ there are the treaties of 1814 , and we can not <unk> napoleon without breaking those <unk> . ” parliament , your noisy dissensions with the princes , who fight for you to-day and to-morrow will fight against you , the popular following directed by the coadjutor , president blancmesnil , and councillor <unk> that disorder , in short ,	152.47177124023438
which <unk> the several departments of the state , must lead you to view with uneasiness the possibility of a foreign war ; for in that event england , exalted by the enthusiasm of new ideas , will ally herself with spain , already seeking that alliance . . ” , i greatly fear ; they have gone too far for him to pardon them , and there is nothing left to them but one thing , and that is to kill him . artagnan the elder girded his own sword round his son , kissed him tenderly on both cheeks , and gave him his benediction . about that ; we have , i think , a private room in the piazza del popolo ; i will	167.1398162841797
have whatever costumes you choose brought to us , and you can dress there . ” lovers have a protecting deity . emmanuel was , while cocles , by the aid of a key he possessed , opened a door in the corner of a landing-place on the second staircase , conducted the stranger into an antechamber , opened a second door , which he closed behind him , and after having left the clerk of the house of thomson & french alone , returned and signed to him that he could enter . . ring ? ” said d ’ artagnan . the steamer disappeared behind cape morgiou , a man travelling post on the road from florence to rome had just passed the little town of	144.43338012695312
aquapendente . <unk> , those <unk> of the impossible , would have accorded to the poor wretch , in exchange for his wealth , the liberty he so earnestly prayed for . the king and queen in safety also , at saint germain ? ” ” said porthos , “ i will see to the supper . ” , was humming a song as he stood warming his back at the fire la carconte had kindled to dry the wet garments of her guest ; and this done , she next occupied herself in arranging his supper , by spreading a napkin at the end of the table , and placing on it the slender remains of their dinner , to which she added three or four <unk>	202.9204864501953
eggs . d ’ artagnan . ; for they well knew what those propositions were , to whom they had been made and who had made them . at auteuil . ” unnecessary ; bertuccio will show me a light . ” with white hangings ? ” asked the countess . do , my dear diplomatist , ” replied morcerf , with a slight degree of irony in his voice , “ if you did nothing ? porthos , “ if any one had told you in the old times that the day would come when planchet would rescue rochefort and that you would protect him in it—— ” until six in the morning come in by the window . ” work on the monarchy of italy !	102.48631286621094
” table , was gazing at a <unk> of his wife and daughter ; he was waiting first for juxon , then for martyrdom . you wish to know ? ” comprehended your instructions ? ” the neighborhood of <unk> , i believe . ’ only it seems to me that your majesty goes too far in <unk> to load us with a friendship so far above our merit . you to do so . ” they are always the same . ” him which <unk> everything . no order of the kind , but on the contrary began to be insinuating . haydée was standing pale , motionless , looking at the count with an expression of fearful amazement . ; and already , at the cry	97.16252136230469
of “ _moccoletti_ ! ” repeated by the shrill voices of a thousand <unk> , two or three stars began to burn among the crowd . is perfectly <unk> ! host entered with the wine ordered and a ham which , fortunately for him , had been left out of the cellar . to ask of me , my lord ? ” said rochefort . good action , and my heart will be lighter . ” letter for me ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , eagerly . unknown , ” replied franz ; “ merely say i am a frenchman travelling for pleasure . ” a suppliant air , but without venturing to speak a word . it is true ; but what signifies that ? longer	96.06200408935547
our home ! ” letter came from milady . ; she ground her teeth inwardly ; her eyes followed the motion of the door as it closed behind lord de winter and felton , and the moment she was alone a fresh fit of despair seized her . a second view than it had done at their first rapid survey . by <unk> , like a <unk> . england you will find a young gentleman named mordaunt . ” placed at the end of a road on a <unk> , and in the light of the sun its black arms , bending in every direction , always reminded me of the claws of an immense <unk> , and i assure you it was never without emotion that i	123.05449676513672
gazed on it , for i could not help thinking how wonderful it was that these various signs should be made to cleave the air with such precision as to convey to the distance of three hundred leagues the ideas and wishes of a man sitting at a table at one end of the line to another man similarly placed at the opposite extremity , and all this effected by a simple act of volition on the part of the <unk> of the message . hope of peeping with madame coquenard into her husband ’ s chest ! ” by the beautiful glow which mounted to her cheeks . , since i have not even brought my carriage out yet . him ? ” fell into one of	164.3434295654297
those reveries so habitual with her . men , ” he said , looking at the count . of his bed , and wrapped it round him . one else polish my arms . news , my lord ? ” locked her door , while louise fell on a chair . ” now learn to write . d ’ artagnan , in the <unk> manner possible , “ you are very young ; i shall therefore overlook your frivolous remarks . m. d ’ avrigny , with an imposing calmness , “ but i think it is now time to act . of navigation ; he exaggerated to himself the power of milady . with arabesques , bathing its terraces in the water , and another floor ,	92.14993286132812
looking on the lake , was all which was visible to the eye . and fell upon his feet , without receiving any injury . door . quote to me some one of these events in history , ” said milady , “ perhaps i should partake of your confidence as to the future . ” madame danglars , “ you can feel for my emotion , can you not ? livery of considerable style and richness , appeared at the threshold , and , placing two cards in the landlord ’ s hands , who forthwith presented them to the two young men , he said : the best horse you can find . repeated the president . cocles , and if my father is there ,	100.01746368408203
announce this gentleman . ” , he would speak as she passed ; if she was accompanied , and he could not speak , still he should see her , and know that she was safe ; if they were strangers , he would listen to their conversation , and might understand something of this hitherto incomprehensible mystery . as villefort had arrived at the corner of the rue des <unk> , a man , who seemed to have been waiting for him , approached ; it was m. morrel . to the captain , who will bring you to me . this is not a servant , but a friend . ” she said . this moment , but will join us later . ” bills up	60.1082763671875
to the 5th of september ; and on the 5th of september at eleven o ’ clock ( the hand of the clock pointed to eleven ) , i shall come to receive the money . ” a great repugnance to treat with such an ill-bred fellow , made out a list , against the grain , and sent it . fulfilled the mission confided to them by queen henrietta and we have betrayed that confided to us by mazarin ; because , going hence as emissaries to cromwell , we became partisans of king charles ; because , instead of helping cut off the royal head condemned by those fellows called mazarin , cromwell , <unk> , bridge , fairfax , etc. , we very nearly succeeded	246.566162109375
in saving it . ” name ! ” cried the unhappy young man , “ if you doubt me , question me ; i will answer you. ” villefort made a violent effort , and in a tone he strove to render firm : of you to trouble yourself about me . ” a knife , covered with rust , and two letters , one of which was stained with blood , alone met his gaze . very simple means , very <unk> ” its <unk> antiquity and apparent misery , was yet cheerful and picturesque , and was the same that old dantès formerly <unk> only difference being that the old man occupied merely the garret , while the whole house was now placed at the command	154.2332305908203
of mercédès by the count . out of the window and whistled , and the horses appeared to fly . of addressing the abbé busoni ? ” asked the visitor . athos , “ would be quite another thing ; and we should <unk> see land until we were upon the other side of the <unk> . ” all , be a greater scoundrel than you have thought possible . ” , you little coward ! artagnan alone , and as it was nearly eight o ’ clock he took the young man with him . i did not . ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , breaking into a loud laugh , he having heard , as may be remembered , thanks to the broken boards ,	68.6759262084961
every syllable of the conversation between the mercer and his wife . the mourning-coaches rolled into the paved court , and the rue du faubourg saint-honoré was filled with a crowd of idlers , equally pleased to witness the festivities or the mourning of the rich , and who rush with the same avidity to a funeral procession as to the marriage of a duchess . subject : ‘ <unk> sit <unk> <unk> . ’ ” ’ s comedy , _le <unk> . the shore by a chain fixed to a stake . t talk of such things ! ” cried the procurator ’ s wife , bursting into tears . ” said athos , “ that you have a large number of the nobles with you ?	148.16278076171875
” mme . , then ? ” asked felton . and shut , and i remained overwhelmed , less , i confess it , by my grief than by the mortification of not having avenged myself . ! ” said d ’ artagnan , embarrassed ; “ you promised me— ” he exclaimed ; “ they have left me my purse and pocket-book . friend of danglars , had acted in this way , no one could suppose that he had been previously acquainted with , or had lent himself to , any of andrea ’ s intrigues . an end to this , springing forward , aimed a terrible thrust at his adversary , but the latter parried it ; and while jussac was recovering himself ,	118.68693542480469
glided like a serpent beneath his blade , and passed his sword through his body . de monte cristo have you not ? ” on the same spot where happiness was once all my own . ” count , has m. danglars any reason ? ” found 900,000 francs in bank <unk> . into the labyrinth of streets which led to his hotel , situated near the <unk> , for having for so long a time lived near the place royale , lord de winter naturally returned to lodge near his ancient dwelling . see a camp of bandits in repose ? ” he inquired . that if he had seen it , he attached so little importance to this scrap of paper , and so much importance	138.96435546875
to his two hundred thousand francs , that he would not have opposed whatever the englishman might do , however irregular it might be . , ” said she to mme . masquerade costumes of blue and white satin . how i passed that time ! by to-morrow , but the headsman will be wanting and they will put it off till the day after to-morrow . ” knife that saved me . not avow this religious indifference , my lord ; your debaucheries and crimes would <unk> for it . ” that . ” had broken her spirit ; it was not a want of courage which rendered her poverty <unk> . the count . smile . aramis , taking the same graceful position in his easy	151.92115783691406
chair that he would have assumed in bed , and complacently examining his hand , which was as white and plump as that of a woman , and which he held in the air to cause the blood to descend , “ now , as you have heard , d ’ artagnan , monsieur the principal is desirous that my thesis should be <unk> , while i , for my part , would rather it should be ideal . it was ascertained that , by a strange coincidence , this carriage contained the corpse of the marquis de saint-méran , and that those who had come thinking to attend one funeral would follow two . , gentlemen , you know that i was the means of monsieur de	104.34021759033203
rochefort ’ s escape ; well , i was very near being hung by mazarin and that made me more popular than ever . ” by these living walls , were in danger of being crushed against the <unk> of the wheels and the panels of the carriages . i am a living being , and not a <unk> man , and not a volume . , that the fire at the palace of justice was not caused by chance ? ” asked richelieu , in the tone with which he would have put a question of no importance . of that poor de winter , for whom he seemed to have a great regard ; we will tell him that we have come as amateurs to see	97.41688537597656
what is going on ; we will spend with him a guinea each per day ; and i think that by taking all these precautions we can be quite undisturbed . ” precaution , not impertinence ; no one enters here without an order from m. d ’ avrigny , or without speaking to the procureur . ” , take back this ring , to which i see you attach much value . ” ? ” asked the one who carried the lantern . , madame , that i have been drawn into a snare ; i , perhaps , may leave my life in it—for , although it may be strange , i have for some time had a presentiment that i should shortly die. ” and	140.18983459472656
the duke smiled , with a smile at once sad and charming . then ? ” which had first attracted his eye , d ’ artagnan was convinced that it could not be there that his friend dwelt ; the towers , though solid and as if built yesterday , were open and broken . of the door the prisoner stopped . of the vessel , ” replied morrel , “ that was his duty as captain ’ s mate ; as to losing a day and a half off the island of elba , he was wrong , unless the vessel needed repairs . ” what he says . ” caderousse , “ what a strange priest you are ; you drive the dying to despair ,	114.22380065917969
instead of consoling them . ” the brow of milady . delivered at the tribunal , ” said athos ; “ the very silence of his <unk> indicates that they are at work . ” evidence of a violent and desperate struggle . or eight similar excursions to the colosseum , while his less favored companion trod for the first time in his life the classic ground forming the monument of <unk> <unk> ; and , to his credit be it spoken , his mind , even amid the <unk> loquacity of the guides , was duly and deeply touched with awe and enthusiastic admiration of all he saw ; and certainly no adequate notion of these stupendous ruins can be formed save by such as have visited	271.4416809082031
them , and more especially by moonlight , at which time the vast proportions of the building appear twice as large when viewed by the mysterious beams of a southern <unk> sky , whose rays are sufficiently clear and vivid to light the horizon with a glow equal to the soft twilight of a <unk> <unk> . months more in which to await and mourn for edmond . ” fere is a <unk> . ” do now , but with the iron tooth of the pickaxe to draw the stones towards him one by one . the hair , by that costume of extreme simplicity , by the brow polished like marble and as hard and impenetrable , she recognized one of those gloomy puritans she had so	254.1787567138672
often met , not only in the court of king james , but in that of the king of france , where , in spite of the remembrance of the st. bartholomew , they sometimes came to seek refuge . to arouse from his lethargy ; in fact , he did not notice the offered hand . porthos , “ the thing would not be impossible with a good plan . ” by no means a light load ! ” said the other bearer , sitting on the edge of the <unk> . courage that prevented her putting this resolution into execution ; but her religious feelings came to her aid and saved her . then , my father , ” he said , extending his hand to	108.98178100585938
morrel , “ die in peace , my father ; i will live . ” , a good sleeper . ” said he . . ” are a lad of your word , and if ever you leave your master , i will promise you a place in my service . ” found he was bidding a hundred pistoles for a chestnut nag . , a corsican who has sworn to avenge himself cares not for distance , so his carriage , fast as it went , was never above half a day ’ s journey before me , who followed him on foot . word , for i must give poor lucien a respite . dust , and he inquired if he could not instantly cross over	117.97261047363281
to england . ” said andrea , and he read by the light of his <unk> : electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder , your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.e.1 through 1.e.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder . answer of the newcomer to this proof of affection , m. de tréville seized his right hand and pressed it with all his might , without perceiving that athos , whatever might be his <unk> , allowed a slight murmur of pain to escape him , and if possible , grew paler than he was before . ! ” he said to the sergeant , “ i believe you are impudent to me ! ! in a	177.1974639892578
promising quarter and you will soon , i hope , have news that will be agreeable to you . ” , to mademoiselle valentine de villefort that you leave these 900,000 francs ? ” demanded the notary , thinking he had only to insert this clause , but waiting first for the assent of noirtier , which it was necessary should be given before all the witnesses of this singular scene . , then ? ” all four together . god , i swear to you , because this action , the only one with which i have seriously to reproach myself in all my life , is no doubt the cause of my abject condition . he left her . d ’ artagnan . ? . chain	100.28742980957031
of people gliding under the walls . placed the superior of the jesuits , and on his left the curate of montdidier . than the door , where he remained rooted to the spot , being completely fascinated by the sight of such surpassing beauty , beheld as it was for the first time , and of which an inhabitant of more northern climes could form no adequate idea . , now acceptable ; he held the plate in his hand for an hour at a time , and gazed thoughtfully at the morsel of bad meat , of tainted fish , of black and mouldy bread . their liberty ? ; the cold drops ran down his forehead , and his heart was full of anguish .	194.6799774169922
a registered trademark . liberty this moment ; i will proclaim you a piece of <unk> virtue ; i will name you the lucretia of england . ’ robber it is hard to call him nephew whom he has impoverished ; when one is a murderer , to recognize the man whom one has made an orphan . ” a waiter , on which was placed a decanter containing lemonade and a glass . , reach scotland and rejoin lord montrose , who will not sell you . ” what monsieur de richelieu did ? order of charles iii. , and you wish to announce the good news to me ? ” a host ! had not eaten or drunk for four-and-twenty hours . to dessessart . that	185.65786743164062
his neighbor would profit by the silence to address him , but he was mistaken . for ten years before . be left to his own free will . , and i take upon myself to punish him for his want of courtesy . ” that this edmond dantès had procured tools , or made them , for they found a tunnel through which the prisoners held communication with one another . ” will <unk> , with god come our desire ; and if betrays that hope , to death we can aspire . ” a noise in the drawing-room , and went to open the door himself . behind them . . albert , with a thundering voice . her . ” this shame , madame ,	117.47004699707031
if you have incurred this ignominy , you must submit to it as an offering to god . ” thou knowest whether i am guilty ! ; i had much rather you were french and myself also ; they would hate us both less . ” come , let me embrace you . hand , put out the flame as quickly as i could , lighted my taper in the fire itself , and opened the crumpled paper with inexpressible emotion , recognizing , when i had done so , that these characters had been traced in mysterious and sympathetic ink , only appearing when exposed to the fire ; nearly <unk> of the paper had been consumed by the flame . ballet , which was one of	218.35740661621094
those excellent specimens of the italian school , admirably arranged and put on the stage by henri , who has established for himself a great reputation throughout italy for his taste and skill in the <unk> <unk> of those <unk> productions of grace , method , and elegance in which the whole <unk> de <unk> , from the principal dancers to the humblest supernumerary , are all engaged on the stage at the same time ; and a hundred and fifty persons may be seen exhibiting the same attitude , or <unk> the same arm or leg with a simultaneous movement , that would lead you to suppose that but one mind , one act of volition , influenced the moving mass . she said , “ persons	262.6441955566406
in the count ’ s situation have many secret enemies . idea of how i looked when i arrived in paris . any cause of personal dislike to you ? ” said athos , “ he has given me news of raoul . ” . yesterday . ” put his plate on the ground near the door ; the jailer , as he entered , stepped on it and broke it . ] ” cried buckingham , becoming as pale as a corpse ; “ two of the studs are wanting , there are only ten . ” bed and appeared to listen with profound attention . , perform , distribute or redistribute this electronic work , or any part of this electronic work , without prominently displaying	111.80852508544922
the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.e.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the project gutenberg™ license . tell you that in grief , as in life , there is always something to look forward to beyond ? good ambassador in france ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , gaily , “ let us sell the diamond , and say no more about it . ” his master a <unk> hat with a wide brim . , and she complained of being indisposed , but i did not think seriously of it . ” two guns , with all the <unk> for hunting ; a lofty room on the ground floor containing all the ingenious instruments the <unk> in <unk> pursuits ,	156.7080078125
since they are patient and <unk> invented for fishing . ” the way , ” and he went in first . are more than mortal , will , i am sure , lead me to death by a pleasant path , will you not ? ” his master . churchman is killed , it should be with a different weapon than a log , especially when he has behaved like a father . replying , feeling his desire to don the musketeer ’ s uniform vastly increased by the great difficulties which preceded the <unk> of it . of avoiding him the stranger jumped from his horse , and advanced to meet d ’ artagnan . be guilty , ’ said he , ‘ and did really put	142.76573181152344
in to the island of elba ; if he is really charged with a letter for the bonapartist committee at paris , and if they find this letter upon him , those who have supported him will pass for his <unk> ’ i confess i had my fears , in the state in which politics then were , and i held my tongue . door partly open enabled him to see his road , and to hear the voice of one in sorrow . my lawful wife before my lips even shall have approached your forehead . ” the gascon , “ give me your apartment on the first floor ; now that i am a captain in the royal musketeers i must make an appearance ; nevertheless	139.33001708984375
, reserve my old room on the fifth story for me ; one never knows what may happen . ” think of her personal appearance ? ” was not the chance combination of those who had collected a number of the <unk> at the same spot , but a concerted organized attack . clock in the afternoon . madame de chevreuse , “ you must excuse me , but i long to know to whom i am talking . new , and his boots are brilliant . a wish to go and pass a day at blois . was ready , but the president told him it was impossible for him to use it , since it was useless to <unk> the master if the coachman knew through	121.87032318115234
what streets he went . out at a grand gallop ; five hours after that he passed through arras . queens have shed tears , like other women . la fere requests ; that is your name , is it not , sir ? ” said the voice ; “ go away from here and leave the place to us . ” athos . your nearest relative ? ” demanded milady , with a tone of the most touching ingenuousness . man much more unfortunate than you , morrel . ” disdain . dantès , “ put this money back in your <unk> neighbor caderousse wants anything , and in that case it is at his service . ” describe the persecutions exercised by the cardinal upon his	132.07827758789062
enemies . that , like a fool , a greater fool than he of whom i spoke just now , i mistook for this peasant girl a young bandit of fifteen or sixteen , with a <unk> chin and slim waist , and who , just as i was about to <unk> a chaste salute on his lips , placed a pistol to my head , and , aided by seven or eight others , led , or rather dragged me , to the catacombs of st. sebastian , where i found a highly educated brigand chief perusing cæsar ’ s _commentaries_ , and who deigned to leave off reading to inform me , that unless the next morning , before six o ’ clock , four thousand	224.03030395507812
piastres were paid into his account at his banker ’ s , at a quarter past six i should have ceased to exist . own mind the anticipated ill-fortune of the next day , to which he had condemned himself by promising mercédès to spare her son , the count at last exclaimed : he said . ” asked athos ; “ how is it that i have not seen him ? ” , examined these treasures , edmond rushed through the <unk> like a man seized with frenzy ; he leaped on a rock , from whence he could behold the sea . be melted by your sweet voice ? owe this gracious prince ! third of the way across the river when the cord of the	148.47593688964844
ferryboat broke . , to express my surprise , ” said the abbess . mr. <unk> , ” replied buckingham . glass , and regarded herself attentively ; never had she appeared more beautiful . ’ said she . thought he saw his father ’ s pale face behind the curtain of the count ’ s bedroom . ” said athos . arrived at the place , where the guards joined him , coming up one by one . : they were to follow the road toward compiegne and on emerging from the forest turn to the right . absence , and furnished with the half of the linen , and having written down the day and hour at which i had deposited the child at the asylum	120.61917877197266
, had set off for paris , and had <unk> it . sleeves , and passed into the little vestibule where the gentlemen were accustomed to wash their hands after shooting . , ” said albert , turning round ; “ will you allow me , captain ? ” i am at liberty ? ” and the naked sword , the poor devil perceived he had to deal with a man . the man , the king would have been rescued . ” events have happened , alas ! enough , my most excellent host , and you may rely upon me to proclaim so striking a proof of your attention to your guests wherever i go . finished dinner , i will show it to you ,	106.45797729492188
and then we will take coffee in the garden . morcerf and raoul de château-renaud to be present at this signature ; you know they are my witnesses . ” , my lord , he no doubt dreams that he is one already . ” was struck by the appearance of this new personage . mother , <unk> corsinari . ” ascend , and leave me in darkness ; then i heard the well-known creaking of the door although i had heard that door open but twice . dragged monte cristo ; who , ignorant of what had happened , followed him in astonishment , <unk> some new catastrophe . great grief is insensible to minor emotions . , that i have often told you of the deep	127.79850006103516
interest my mother takes in you . ” replied albert , “ that if i had been aware of your arrival in paris , and had known your address , i should have paid my respects to you before this . she had revived , but could scarcely move or speak , so shaken was her frame by the attack . the queen , laughing , “ pray take up your abode in the chateau ; it is large , and there will be no want of room for you all ; but , as we never thought of coming here , i am informed that there are , in all , only three beds in the whole establishment , one for the king , one for me——	109.77961730957031
” resolved for certain reasons not at once to come to a full rupture with the prisoner ; he wanted to inspire , not a sudden repugnance , but a good , sound , steady hatred ; he retired , therefore , and gave place to four guards , who , having breakfasted , could attend on the prisoner . here . ” ” except the head , which lay on the table . nanette . said eugénie , while turning over the leaves of madame de villefort ’ s album , “ add that you have taken a great fancy to the young man . ” ” said milady . monsieur cardinal , we shall see , ” said the king , who , in his joy	89.13957214355469
at finding the queen guilty of a crime which he cared little about , and innocent of a fault of which he had great dread , was ready to make up all differences with her , “ we shall see , but upon my honor , you are too indulgent toward her . ” as others . ” said , “ you have worked so hard with me toward building up our fortune , that , at the moment when we are about to reap the fruits of our <unk> , it would be a ridiculous piece of <unk> in you to allow yourself to be controlled by aramis , whose cunning you <unk> cunning which , we may say between ourselves , is not always without egotism	141.47312927246094
; or by athos , a noble and disinterested man , but blase , who , desiring nothing further for himself , doesn ’ t sympathize with the desires of others . secretaire a sheet of white paper and pen and ink . then , ” said porthos ; “ it is getting cold . ” ” said in a hoarse voice , “ give me your word of honor that this horrible secret shall forever remain buried amongst ourselves ! ” the two men drew back . a letter , monsieur , ” replied planchet ; “ but one has come of itself . ” i believe he is a lutheran . ” morrel , almost tempted to throw himself on his knees before noirtier and valentine	104.77242279052734
, and to adore them as two superior beings , “ what have i ever done in my life to merit such unbounded happiness ? ” his piercing glance on the young man , on whose heart caderousse ’ s words fell like molten lead . i had been weeping ? ” said she . have a pious visit to pay . ” , ‘ you are monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ’ i answered , ‘ you think so ? ’ my guards exclaimed that they were sure of it . dungeon about twenty feet distant , and to which you descend by another stair , an old abbé , formerly leader of a party in italy , who has been here since 1811 , and in	157.1884765625
<unk> he went mad , and the change is astonishing . have obtained what you want , go , ” said she , “ monsieur de gondy . ” athos to know if he ought to reply to this intruder who thus mixed <unk> in their conversation . is this monsieur scarron , who thus puts all paris in commotion ? his pocket a second letter , presented it to the cardinal , and took his seat . ” ? ” said monte cristo , feigning uneasiness . speak before his excellency , ” said he ; “ he is one of my friends . ? ; employ it , and you will find that you derive advantage therein . ” arrested , edmond , and were a	83.67820739746094
prisoner . ” god ? ” that suits you admirably , mother , but which did not the less alarm my father and myself . ” i could adore madame de villefort . ” la ramee , “ that is only a way of corresponding . ” franz d ’ épinay , your betrothed lover , and you shrink from the idea of being his wife ; but tell me , valentine , is there no other sorrow in your heart ? that fernand , especially , was terrible in his vengeance . ” theatre , and heard her one morning when i breakfasted with the count . ” seen the enemy extend itself between myself and scotland ; and i can almost say that with my own	104.70755004882812
ears i have heard the <unk> of the treaty <unk> . ” it . of them , i believe . ” . the young man ’ s brow , and his teeth chattered . ! opening from the bedroom , or by concealing himself in the dressing-room , would be able to defend his property himself . monster <unk> or shepherds of the <unk> , and we shall have complete success . ” ” added d ’ artagnan , timidly . the ground . you give me hundreds ! , but extremely well made , and , like the men of the south , had small hands and feet . ! ” he exclaimed ; “ do you , then , never appear but to act as an	73.84941864013672
escort to death ? ” man gave rise to a prolonged sensation . expressed complete stupefaction . door and everything was <unk> , bandages , and lint ; and a groom had gone to lens , the nearest village , for a doctor . , body and soul ! ” i believe so ; for until now , no man has found himself in a position similar to mine . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ supposing that he lives , that he comes to paris ; we have seen many other such . culpable <unk> manifested by m. de villefort towards his own relations , i ought to have denounced him to the authorities ; then i should not have been an accomplice to thy	143.04620361328125
death , as i now am , sweet , beloved valentine ; but the accomplice shall become the avenger . debray to beauchamp , “ if i spoke to the president , _you_ must have been with the procureur . ” amusement , ” added the king . sailor find room in his pocket for a portfolio large enough to contain an official letter ? ” asked valentine . exchange , ” said porthos , covered with perspiration and soiled by dust , “ in exchange , i have torn many skins . told him , d ’ artagnan , who knew already that porthos called himself du vallon , was now aware that he styled himself , from his estate , de bracieux ; and that he	144.84616088867188
was , on account of this estate , engaged in a <unk> with the bishop of noyon . ’ artagnan series , madame , but m. de villefort has so many important and urgent occupations . ” from that time till midnight . him . we are eating here ? ” said athos , at the end of ten minutes . make you pay for keeping this terrible secret ? villefort , “ upon my word , you overcome me . not decline a rendezvous with a lady ; but a prudent gentleman may excuse himself from not waiting on his eminence , particularly when he has reason to believe he is not invited to make his compliments . ” them <unk> . his repast when the sound	101.16878509521484
of the bell rang sharp and loud . artagnan took quarters in that hotel , the mistress of the house , a pretty and fresh looking flemish woman , twenty-five or twenty-six years old , had been singularly interested in him ; and after certain love passages , much <unk> by an inconvenient husband to whom a dozen times d ’ artagnan had made a pretence of passing a sword through his body , that husband had disappeared one fine morning , after <unk> selling certain choice lots of wine , carrying away with him money and jewels . in this part of the street ; and only two windows looking toward the road , one of which was in a pavilion parallel to that which aramis occupied	236.276123046875
, the other belonging to aramis himself . ” said he , “ for the poisoning of my brother , and the assassination of his grace , lord buckingham . friends or our enemies , ” said milady , with her terrible coolness . ; and this very morning the surgeon declared that if monsieur porthos did not pay him , he should look to me , as it was i who had sent for him . ” but impossibilities . ” and cloudy . is not a good thing . —to paris ! said d ’ artagnan , endeavoring to resume his course , “ excuse me , but i am in a hurry . ” were dealing with englishmen or germans . ” the good book	81.60385131835938
, ” said monte cristo , “ that the sins of the fathers shall fall upon their children to the third and fourth generation . thousand means of extinguishing the _moccoletto_ ? —the gigantic bellows , the monstrous <unk> , the superhuman fans . who wished to kill the jew , ” said caderousse ; “ it was la carconte . ” , who replied that nothing could be more easy than to prepare a supper when they had in their boat , bread , wine , half a dozen partridges , and a good fire to roast them by . ! ” cried the host . toward her . you are the bearer of a letter from the island of elba , and addressed to m. noirtier	116.71005249023438
? ” friend , very good . brother is my brother , ” said edmond ; “ and we , mercédès and i , should be very sorry if he were absent at such a time . ” that she was the goddaughter of monsieur laporte , the confidential man of the queen ? me in spite of franz d ’ épinay , who tries to convince me that he is a being returned from the other world . ” he said : he , “ are your affections disengaged ? ” morrel looked at monte cristo with astonishment . in his arms and was carrying her toward the boat . noble lord as you are , my dear athos , neither princesses nor queens would be secure	87.32917785644531
from your amorous <unk> . ” ” as well worth loving and tending as m. noirtier , ” said madame de villefort ; “ besides , they are to come to paris in about a month , and valentine , after the affront she has received , need not consider it necessary to continue to bury herself alive by being shut up with m. noirtier . ” when it was asked , and even then he required to be asked twice . young man , with bright eyes , black hair , and <unk> moustache , respectfully bowed to madame de villefort . had been <unk> faithful servant , a friend , a helping <unk> to have fallen from heaven just when he expected it the least .	117.72119903564453
to saddle eight horses and to wait , keeping together and without dismounting , at the corner of a street about twenty steps from the house where the king was lodged . taste in your theological style . s voice was raised with the cry of “ forward ! ” required but one hour to take up arms again and one night to <unk> the barricades . you wish me to do for you ? ” said beauchamp mildly . said athos , with his habitual calmness , “ if it be monsieur d ’ artagnan who is concerned in this matter , i do not perceive how i can take his place . ” ” , we are all in cash , ” said d ’ artagnan	84.65420532226562
. their heads in silence . the child returned . concerning the copyright status of any work in any country other than the united states . the danger he has been in ? ” ” replied franz , “ as i shall raise none , you may make arrangements when you please ; i have pledged my word , and shall feel pleasure and happiness in <unk> to it . ” swear to you , for i have got to the end of my strength , that i will dash my brains out against the wall , and you will have my death to reproach yourself with . ” galop , so that you will owe no ill-will to signor luigi , who has , indeed , throughout	119.18663787841797
this whole affair acted like a gentleman . ” go upstairs and try to console the poor old man ? ” asked the abbé . you imagine he would speak to me ? do not faint ; i avenge myself ! ” any idea of it without having seen it . ” exclaimed debray ; “ that girl is not his wife : he told us himself she was his slave . and <unk> their criminals in the most agreeable possible manner ; but some of these , like clever <unk> , have contrived to escape human justice , and succeed in their <unk> enterprises by cunning stratagems . ’ s retreat , three were to remain on guard ; the fourth was to return to béthune in	136.8055419921875
order to inform athos and serve as a guide to the four friends . in the seine , having thrown themselves in , or having been drowned from not knowing how to swim . ” one condition—that we begin by the coadjutor . ” returned the steward ; “ but it was very late . ” _soubrette_ with his eyes , and saw her go toward the terrace ; but it happened that someone in the house called lubin , so that planchet remained alone , looking in all directions for the road where d ’ artagnan had disappeared . musketeers , d ’ artagnan felt completely solitary . nothing to fear , that i should neither be seen nor heard , so i decided upon descending to	130.3352508544922
the garden . , ” added aramis . ; there ’ s one way of settling this , ” said jacopo . the business over to morcerf , so pray settle it with him as may be most agreeable to you ; for my own part , i care nothing about the count or his mysterious doings . ” not an unreasonable man . the baroness , without expressing the ideas which the exclamation betrayed . ” said athos , “ i have been a soldier all my life and i know the force of orders ; but outside your orders there is a service you can render me . ” ’ artagnan , “ these people are very ingenious . very thickly there during the summer ,	114.75689697265625
and when autumn arrived no one had been there to mow it . a well-bred dog it is only necessary to show one end of a track ; he is certain to reach the other . ” ” cried the cardinal , looking at the clock ; “ and now it is too late to have them pursued . him of that which he had dragged from under the feet of aramis . the journalist , “ these are questions which it is difficult to answer . ” it is a resolution which my father has taken and i know he never <unk> his mind . this money ? ” i know i have kept you waiting , but you saw the cause of my delay . ”	78.5234375
? ” the englishman . down , meantime , behind a tub in the side alley . you , ” said monte cristo graciously , “ and pocket them. ” and he placed the bonds in his pocket-book . of the south , been killed ? inherited all the papers which proved that he had indeed the honor of being the son of the marquis bartolomeo and the marchioness oliva corsinari . d ’ artagnan ; “ no , i confess it . the brigand chief , “ give me the torch . ” ; then , more helpless than an infant , and <unk> and paler than marble , more crushed and broken than a <unk> trampled under foot , he fell back , doubled up in	137.66802978515625
one last convulsion , and became as rigid as a corpse . ; the second followed , and descended from the <unk> . , saw them , ” said porthos . , ” added she , pointing to the <unk> with her finger but without touching it , as if she must be <unk> by it , “ you may carry it back and make use of it yourself , for doubtless you are doubly the accomplice of lord de <unk> accomplice in his persecutions , the accomplice in his heresies . ” i will sleep at the _cheval rouge_ , and will secure a place in the first coach . when you please , monsieur ? ” said morrel . at the first discharge announced the death	107.99588775634766
of his four companions . , captain ! ” . me thus to fail in my word towards a gentleman like the count , who has all our lives in his hands ? , ” added porthos . the prison , transformed , rich , powerful . of that ? ” touch a cardinal ? ” more to do here ? ” , ” said the gascon , “ monsieur du vallon and i are going away as ambassadors , where , i know not ; but should you want anything , write to madame turquaine , at la chevrette , rue tiquetonne and draw upon her purse as on a <unk> economy ; for it is not so well filled as that of monsieur d ’ emery	98.73355865478516
. ” worthy merchant , who , in his <unk> year at the opening of this history , was now in his <unk> ; his hair had turned white , time and sorrow had ploughed deep furrows on his brow , and his look , once so firm and penetrating , was now <unk> and wandering , as if he feared being forced to fix his attention on some particular thought or person . de la boucherie . men said , ‘ he must certainly be at noisy , or be coming there this evening , for i have seen his servant . ’ looked upon with a rather favorable eye by a lady of quality , the <unk> <unk> , your pardon ; my master has commanded	172.38522338867188
me to be discreet . oriental , a <unk> , maltese , indian , chinese ; your family name is monte cristo ; sinbad the sailor is your baptismal appellation , and yet the first day you set foot in paris you instinctively display the greatest virtue , or rather the chief defect , of us eccentric parisians , —that is , you assume the vices you have not , and conceal the virtues you possess . ” is agreed ; let us go down . ” will no longer treat us as men of vulgar stamp . nothing . you have a terrible enemy on your hands . ” eugénie opened a drawer , of which she kept the key , and took from it a <unk>	214.24990844726562
violet silk travelling cloak . use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever . it . ” of the confidence of her husband , pursued by the hatred of the cardinal , who could not pardon her for having repulsed a more tender feeling , having before her eyes the example of the queen-mother whom that hatred had tormented all her <unk> marie de <unk> , if the memoirs of the time are to be believed , had begun by according to the cardinal that sentiment which anne of austria always refused <unk> of austria had seen her most devoted servants fall around her , her most intimate <unk> , her dearest	230.98223876953125
favorites . exhaust her vengeance on me alone ! ” lose as much as two thousand pistoles , laughing all the while till the tears rolled down . ” ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ here it is . ” , threw the bridle on his servant ’ s arms , and joined them . , making signs of distress ; but no one on board saw him , and the vessel stood on another tack . you should always strive to see clearly around you . ? ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . popolo or by the streets , your excellencies ? ” does not date from our days ; as soon as societies , in forming , had invented any kind of police	109.03916931152344
, that police invented <unk> . , he fulfilled the predictions of héloïse to the letter , <unk> his dress suit , drew on a pair of white gloves , ordered the servants to attend the carriage dressed in their full livery , and drove that same night to no . minutes aramis arrived , accompanied by grimaud and eight or ten followers . them ? ” unmistakable signs , that his fair _incognita_ belonged to the aristocracy . wit , and a certain relative sensibility , which enables me to draw from life in general , for the support of mine , all i meet with that is good , like the monkey who <unk> the nut to get at its contents . that first impulses are	257.6869201660156
<unk> the best . murmured the priest . a sword at home ; but at all events , i have two , and if you like , i will throw with you for one of them . ” and the rochellais eight or ten . ” ” , a man of the world and a bon <unk> , up to his eyes in learning , as his pupil described him , often recalled the profound <unk> , the witty and <unk> satire of athos to raoul ; but as regarded grace , delicacy , and nobility of external appearance , no one in these points was to be compared to the comte de la fere . only recall very bitter remembrances ; then we shall never be masters	116.38988494873047
of three hundred pistoles to redeem it , so that we really should lose two hundred pistoles by the bargain . ; even if the powerful voice of nature should be silent , you can not well mistake him ; he will enter by this door . haydée , raising her head , “ was that illustrious man known in europe under the name of ali tepelini , pasha of yanina , and before whom turkey trembled . ” , ” returned château-renaud ; “ ask debray if he would sacrifice his english steed for a stranger ? ” to him , and said : “ monsieur de tréville , his majesty has just sent for me in order to inquire respecting the circumstances which took place yesterday	125.21345520019531
at my hôtel . been passed without drawing rein ; half the escort were exhausted and several horses fell down . , most wretched , ” replied mercédès . serve him ; which d ’ artagnan perceiving , ordered two glasses to be brought , and commenced the following conversation . but consoled himself when the hostess assured him that no . continued he , “ the duchess whom you saw at the church has estates near to those of my family , we mean to make the journey together . the viscount , grateful for that praise of his son , whilst the prince exclaimed : his shoulders and the hat on his head , whilst the musketeer got off the box . , four against the	148.61944580078125
remaining five . first ? ” laporte , ” the child said ; and then added in a loud voice , “ to any one except <unk> . ” a tankard full of a dark substance , and approaching the gleam of light shed by the lamp he uttered this single <unk> : “ oh ! ” with such an expression of extreme terror that mousqueton started , alarmed , and blaisois was near fainting from fright . a small chapel covered with a tapestry of <unk> silk worked with gold , and brilliantly lighted with a vast number of candles . at five o ’ clock and bring that worthy monsieur du vallon with you . <unk> , ” said the soft voice , “ the same	157.69619750976562
thing will never happen again . not seem convinced . incredulity , edmond , ” continued faria . ” m. bertuccio , ” said the count , “ since you have been in paris , you have become quite nervous , and apparently out of your element ; you no longer seem to understand me . ” was first done was <unk> , if not worse than useless . , prevent me from sleeping with your security . ” circumstances to the rank of a confidant to his master . said anne of austria , pointing to the musketeer , calm , standing uncovered , “ here is monsieur d ’ artagnan , who is as brave as one of those ancient heroes of whom you like so	67.86822509765625
much to hear from my women . the young woman , “ what you dreaded has happened . to pass away another quarter of an hour , pretended to be reading something that interested him and muttered that he wished they would allow him to finish his chapter . grant me my request ? ” telegram reached the minister , debray had the horses put to his carriage , and drove to danglars ’ house . dueling at that period , d ’ artagnan was at liberty to assist whom he pleased . the heart of d ’ artagnan , he was touched by this mute sorrow ; but he held too <unk> to his projects , above all to this one , to change the program which	120.85384368896484
he had laid out in advance . and fell back on the crupper of his horse . go , only , as you know , i never do go , and perhaps shall go this time as little as before . ” said he , “ men are not equal , and i must beg my father to develop this <unk> in the chamber of peers . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ let us call the others . ” . ” , and who have the means of gratifying every wish , ” said emmanuel , “ know not what is the real happiness of life , just as those who have been tossed on the stormy waters of the ocean on a few frail	68.05426788330078
planks can alone realize the blessings of fair weather . ” young friend , for you will permit me , i hope , to give you that name , ” said lord de winter , “ on this very evening , if agreeable to you , i will present you to my sister , milady clarik , for i am desirous that she should take you into her good graces ; and as she is not in bad odor at court , she may perhaps on some future day speak a word that will not prove useless to you . ” the sketch he had made for their escape . . and it takes a considerable effort , much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up	130.29356384277344
with these requirements . , ” said albert , smiling . go ? ” asked porthos . coadjuteur . ‘ down with mazarin ! ’ ‘ death to the cardinal ! ’ ‘ the italian to the gallows ! ’ isn ’ t that what you would have me shout ? ” my son , ” said mercédès . , that a frenchman might show himself in public , either in tunis , constantinople , bagdad , or cairo , without being treated in that way . ” ” returned jacopo . ” said mousqueton , “ but in a very ill humor . . ” . ” try to speak to aramis himself . ham , d ’ artagnan ; it is exquisite , ” said athos	73.24471282958984
, cutting a <unk> , which he placed on the young man ’ s plate . to have too high a sense of her duty , sire . ” you a cross ? ” asked athos . two days before and seemed to have gone out of existence . , like yourself ! ” said the queen , ironically . that <unk> distinguished a shadow in the darkness ; then one of the panes became quite opaque , as if a sheet of paper were stuck on the outside , then the square cracked without falling . his pocket a bundle of bank-notes , which might have been twice the sum m. de boville feared to lose . the scent of something cooking which was not unwelcome to	108.25130462646484
him , hungry as he was ; it was that mixture of fat and garlic peculiar to provençal kitchens of an inferior order , added to that of dried fish , and above all , the <unk> smell of <unk> and <unk> . , i think . ” , and with an expression of countenance which commanded her to pay the most implicit attention to his words , he said in greek , “ <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> , ” —that is , “ tell us the fate of your father ; but neither the name of the traitor nor the <unk> ” haydée sighed deeply , and a shade of sadness clouded her beautiful brow . since she has left	153.4768524169922
paris , and you are sure of it , d ’ artagnan , nothing prevents me , and i am ready to follow you . my lord . ” hands of the young woman with a burst of emotion , gazed at her as if to read her very heart , and , seeing nothing but sincerity in her beautiful eyes , embraced her tenderly . the article relating to general fernand , an article with which , i assure you on my word of honor , i had nothing whatever to do ? ” that this woman should die thus ! ” we have said , in very low spirits ; and nothing when he was in that state of mind increased his depression so much as	91.50282287597656
gaiety in others . . too sublime to be natural . ” . affairs of ali pasha ? ” on his lips . <unk> ! ” person who wanted to speak to him came from tours , we have seen with what rapidity the young man followed , or rather went before , bazin ; he ran without stopping from the rue férou to the rue de vaugirard . you looking for them ? ” it is because he has a wife and family , and ambitious desires for himself and them . though you bade me call forth the dead or walk upon the water . ” would love me then ! ’ clock they reached the first houses in noisy ; every one was in bed	123.9533462524414
and not a light was to be seen in the village . , villefort turned to dantès . du helder , on the 21st of may , at half-past ten in the morning , and your word of honor passed for your punctuality ? ” that ? ” table , and the heated and energetic conversation that prevailed betrayed the violent and vindictive passions that then agitated each dweller of the south , where unhappily , for five centuries religious strife had long given increased bitterness to the violence of party feeling . it in the paper in the account from yanina ? ” to intrust herself to my honor ? ” orders shall be executed ; <unk> ” lips and turned away his head in a disdainful	224.07003784179688
manner , saying , “ he ’ s too ugly . ” a few minutes the cardinal would be warned by this cursed stranger , who appeared to be his agent , and he judged , with reason , he had not a moment to lose . said d ’ artagnan , “ this is something like ; this is a means of communication . conference , they proposed to separate . replied monsieur de bouillon , “ sacrifice one ’ s comfort to the public good ; but i confess to you i am now almost exhausted . axe , ” said the king , and resumed his speech . , and even seriously <unk> his brain to find a direction for this single force four times	96.84687042236328
multiplied , with which he did not doubt , as with the lever for which archimedes sought , they should succeed in moving the world , when someone tapped gently at his door . ” forehead , pressed her lips upon it , and sent him back with the ball in one hand and some <unk> in the other . . , they were here last night , <unk> am sure they were <unk> counted them . your majesty , which i still continue to doubt , should prove to have any foundation , what a terrible disclosure , what a fearful scandal ! ” map ? ” , occupying the whole width of the street and taking in every musketeer they met , so that in the	154.19300842285156
end it became a triumphal march . nothing , ” said monte cristo . he asked . of these trees , reclining on cushions , sat my father ; my mother was at his feet , and i , childlike , amused myself by playing with his long white beard which descended to his girdle , or with the <unk> of the scimitar attached to his girdle . of your looks . ” pay for my hat , you the best place and time . ” or remove the full project gutenberg™ license terms from this work , or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg™ . advantage , —that of leaving franz at full liberty to indulge his	176.137451171875
deep reverie upon the subject of signor pastrini ’ s story , in which his mysterious host of monte cristo was so strangely mixed up . just struck , and m. bertuccio , according to the command which had been given him , had two hours before left for auteuil , when a cab stopped at the door , and after <unk> its occupant at the gate , immediately hurried away , as if ashamed of its employment . secret joy at being forever relieved of this dangerous accomplice . of this ? ” not , ” replied monte cristo ; “ it is a small place i have purchased quite lately . fernand . ” cried franz . your hand , and you pardoned me on seeing	129.5554656982422
me so submissive and so repentant . ” however , to receive your excellency ’ s commands concerning the dinner . ” that which personally concerned him , for he never beheld again the five persons i have named to you , or heard mention of anyone of them . ” selim , seeing that she was about to go out ; ‘ you see i have not yet received the ring , ’ — ‘ true , ’ said my mother . , sir , ” continued the president , with a calmness still more terrible than the general ’ s anger , “ i advise you not to touch your <unk> ” the general looked around him with slight uneasiness ; however he did not yield	118.86936950683594
, but calling up all his fortitude , said , — “ i will not swear . ” he is actually insolent over the <unk> already offered me his patronage , as if he were a grand personage , and proffered me a loan of money , as though he were a banker . ” be assured that your horse will not be half so serviceable to you for that purpose as good golden louis . thing seems to me simple enough . , because i can live with my thoughts and recollections of past days . by his persistence in accusation . to be a resolute fellow . ” will obey . ” the queen ’ s diamond . ; why , then , was it impossible	131.53857421875
to dantès ? , gentlemen , my most faithful friends ; you have proved it . gentlemen , we would assist you if it were necessary . ” ” said the duke . much confidence in the word of his friend that he lowered his head , and entered the inn without reply . was finished , the buzz was redoubled through all the drawing-rooms ; the brilliant sums , the rolling millions which were to be at the command of the two young people , and which crowned the display of the wedding presents and the young lady ’ s diamonds , which had been made in a room entirely appropriated for that purpose , had exercised to the full their <unk> over the envious assembly .	125.13556671142578
over , he could by no means account for this generous conduct on the part of thomson & french towards him ; and could only attribute it to some such selfish argument as this : “ we had better help a man who owes us nearly 300,000 francs , and have those 300,000 francs at the end of three months than hasten his ruin , and get only six or eight per cent of our money back again . ” set about it . some motive to serve in hastening the ruin of a rival firm . dantès found himself on the deck of the tartan . and therefore i said , ‘ were our object money only ; ’ but we want something else , ” replied	250.09457397460938
the gascon . you were conducted yesterday . ” <unk> , you know . ” going ? ” asked porthos . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ go up to your room again ; and in ten minutes , i will answer for it , you shall have all you desire . ” an immense treasure . , your honor—— ” beauchamp , who had not yet spoken , “ you appear to accuse the count , who is absent from paris at this moment , and can not justify himself . ” were in your <unk> ” said albert . walked toward a mirror . a small iron point , —a negligence on the part of the locksmith . who <unk> us , and who ,	55.41977310180664
in the darkness of this night <unk> us , never shall my sword cross yours , never my eye express a glance of anger , nor my heart a throb of hatred , at you . he , “ first allow me to embrace you as your daughter did just <unk> ” noirtier ’ s expression could not be understood . given place to a concentrated grief which only rendered more <unk> the brilliant mental faculties of that extraordinary man . make his report , and to say that all the <unk> are at this moment in the dovecot . ” ! i do , sir ; it is the <unk> <unk> of the ancients . our epoch the traditions of another reign are troublesome ; since there	172.33377075195312
are two of them already there , let us add a third . ” vizier to you , edmond ? caderousse , <unk> , and with his fist on the table , “ hallo , edmond ! heard the sound of a door turning on its hinges , and almost immediately afterwards the tapestry was drawn aside , and the owner of all these riches stood before the two young men . on my father ’ s character . , sir ? ” into one interminable line of dust and sand , with its sides bordered by tall , meagre trees , altogether presenting so <unk> an appearance , that no one in his senses could have imagined that any traveller , at liberty to regulate his hours	154.24522399902344
for journeying , would choose to expose himself in such a formidable <unk> . another sword ? ” asked porthos . you , body and soul , my life and each warm drop that circles round my heart are consecrated to your service ; you know full well that my existence is bound up in <unk> were i to lose you i would not outlive the hour of such crushing misery ; yet you speak with calmness of the prospect of your being the wife of another ! against both . cried d ’ artagnan . battle one thinks of a thousand things forgotten till then ; those who are indifferent to one another become friends and those who are friends become brothers . to wish me to	253.09378051757812
swear this morning that i would mention the appointment to no one ? ” muttered d ’ artagnan . ! road , took the path he had before taken , and reaching the ferry , interrogated the boatman . that , and he may know what to answer you . ” marriage with oliva corsinari , and the register of your child ’ s birth . ” a short distance with debray , beauchamp , and château-renaud . and here i am . ” in a most wonderful , but most terrible manner , ” said he ; “ but valentine , poor girl , how will she bear so much sorrow ? ” to speak loud , scarcely waiting till one had finished before another began ,	125.12846374511719
and each assumed his favorite attitude on or at the table . be visible on your countenance , bear your grief as the cloud bears within it ruin and <unk> fatal secret , known only when the storm bursts . not like him , i assure you i shall be happy to see him . ” ” said valentine , kneeling before him , and pointing to maximilian , “ i love him , and will be only his ; were i compelled to marry another , i would destroy myself . ” these arrangements , he does not come himself , ” said château-renaud . , manly tread , and poor barrois followed him as he best might . shore , took him on board , and	146.82461547851562
conveyed him to a yacht splendidly fitted up , on whose deck he sprung with the activity of a sailor ; thence he once again looked towards morrel , who , weeping with joy , was shaking hands most cordially with all the crowd around him , and thanking with a look the unknown benefactor whom he seemed to be seeking in the skies . library was a bedroom . , leaving madame danglars in the street . wished for a thousand things , but still she never really wanted any . them off , ” said de rochefort , “ and the reason was , that though he had bitter enemies he possessed also true friends . and pray , how did you acquire all these honors	236.22958374023438
? ” follow the brave example of his energetic companion , and to remember that what has once been done may be done again . of money to her husband , she took him on his weak side . ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ to pass the night with m. groslow . go and take a turn in the champs-élysées , and at ten o ’ clock i will return here ; meanwhile , if the count should come in , will you beg him not to go out again without seeing me ? ” he says , major ? ” case to you , ” continued the count ; “ that where society , attacked by the death of a person , <unk> death by	67.93705749511719
death . this gentleman and why do they not bring him here ? ” , ” replied athos . <unk> land in which heads become so easily <unk> few of the preliminaries of duels ; but the daring of these four <unk> appeared to him the strongest he had ever heard of even in gascony . ” replied the young lady quickly ; “ but this is the hour when we usually give m. noirtier the unwelcome meal that sustains his pitiful existence . , clutching my hair , and uttering a groan of horror . his friend , who had already begun a fresh pursuit . of the letter opposite the seal was blank . was over himself , my persecutor allowed a movement of anger to	176.6779022216797
escape him . educated in a college in the south ; i believe near marseilles . the twenty-fifth . sir . ” have to do with galley-slaves , or <unk> in the world ? admiration , then looked around to see the instrument with which it had been shaped so correctly into form . and that i see him staggering and hear him <unk> , ” said planchet , in a piteous tone , “ but at all events we shall soon know the real state of things , for i imagine that those lofty walls , now turning ruby in the setting sun , are the walls of blois . ” they were too <unk> for anyone to dare look for them where they were . how	155.31436157226562
impatient you are . ” said porthos , “ do you think my strain cost me nothing ? —without reckoning mousqueton ’ s wound , for which i had to have the surgeon twice a day , and who charged me double on account of that foolish mousqueton having allowed himself a ball in a part which people generally only show to an <unk> ; so i advised him to try never to get wounded there any more . ” again when it pleased god , and if it pleased god . the one with which i gather my <unk> ’ ‘ lend it to us , and go into your house again ; there is a crown for the annoyance we have caused you . , came	228.03086853027344
out an instant after by the door , and satisfied himself that the woman was in the carriage . . aramis arrived ; he was dressed as an officer and had the old sword at his side which he had drawn so often and which he was more than ever ready to draw . artagnan , who was as yet purely and simply in the guards , found himself , for the time at least , separated from his good <unk> , porthos , and aramis . subterranean passage , leading under the street to a grotto in the garden of a house about a hundred yards from that of the future protector . he had a packet to leave at porto-ferrajo ? ” replied morrel ; “	94.6634292602539
i will go away . ” shepherd told the count ’ s steward that he had seen a wolf come out of the <unk> mountains , and <unk> around his flock . to her room . mazarin ; “ they told me that you were the man i wanted . make your mind easy , he shall be decently interred in the <unk> sack we can find . athos ; “ we can not see your signs . , but she did not answer . of the <unk> fair round arm of a woman but twenty-five years old , and who yet spread death around her . nubian , believes me to be an arab ; bertuccio , my steward , takes me for a roman ; haydée	121.18230438232422
, my slave , thinks me a greek . and myself in france is already irksome to him ; much more so would be that of the king . ” said maximilian , “ that the signing of a contract should occupy so long a time without unexpected <unk> . i shall not have time today . ” calm and thoughtful . monsieur , and not at all handsome , according to <unk> ’ s account . ” s orders . bring us peace , we will give them war ; if they do not bring life , we will give them <unk> ’ and he renewed the flame of his lance with a gesture which made one think of <unk> of old <unk> but i , being	107.64458465576172
only a little child , was terrified by this <unk> courage , which appeared to me both ferocious and senseless , and i recoiled with horror from the idea of the frightful death amidst fire and flames which probably awaited us . an account of what you are doing here at this hour . ” was one of the great political events of the reign of louis xiii. , and one of the great military enterprises of the cardinal . know london ; he did not know a word of english ; but he wrote the name of buckingham on a piece of paper , and everyone pointed out to him the way to the duke ’ s hôtel . ” cried the king , “ forward !	107.11193084716797
greatly delighted . was pierced by the utterance of these two words ; he stepped forward , and touching the young man ’ s shoulder , said : , sir , ” replied groslow ; “ but allow me to say there is great danger in what you undertake ; would it not be better to intrust one of the men to set fire to the train ? ” athos , “ here it is , as clear as day ; pursued as he was , d ’ artagnan would not have <unk> here five minutes had he been pressed very closely , which gives us hopes that he may have succeeded in escaping . ” the sort of presentation which was to be made that evening ,	102.14976501464844
were all in attendance . you for anything of the kind , monsieur bonacieux , ” said the young man ; “ you are a model for regular people . to say to me ; i had risked my life and favor to see you but for a second . visit to the following circumstances . on the preceding day served his apprenticeship . loves me , my mother . orchestra , and tables spread with refreshments ; the guests stopped , formed <unk> , and danced in any part of the grounds they pleased . or a keeper and at the same time a good father and husband . , bearing the woman in their arms , and carried her to the carriage , into which the	109.65034484863281
little old man got after her . one another , and a cloud came over the brows which but lately had been so cheerful . of the avenues leading towards the open space where they were assembled . sweet voice of renée had sounded in his ears pleading for mercy , or the fair mercédès had entered and said , “ in the name of god , i conjure you to restore me my affianced husband , ” his cold and trembling hands would have signed his release ; but no voice broke the stillness of the chamber , and the door was opened only by villefort ’ s valet , who came to tell him that the travelling carriage was in readiness . at least . danglars	170.41651916503906
, “ pen , ink , and paper . ” which his friend had driven away and kept away by his cheerful presence , now hovered like a phantom over the abbé ’ s dead body . to advance , counting the houses and windows . last reflection <unk> instinctive return to <unk> of weakness or fear did not dwell long in her ardent spirit . in this world which have nothing in their favor but appearances , the baldric was glittering with gold in the front , but was nothing but simple <unk> behind . athos , “ do you regret you have not shed our blood ? ” implied or appeared to imply , the <unk> of all the persons concerned in this momentous affair ,	234.05003356933594
had been preceded by a scene to which our readers must be admitted . among the musketeers and their allies , and they even began to deliberate whether they should not set fire to the hôtel to punish the insolence of m. de la trémouille ’ s domestics in daring to make a _sortie_ upon the king ’ s musketeers . considered very <unk> and madame de rambouillet had said that the room in which the marechal ornano and the grand prior de vendome had died was worth its weight in <unk> bon mot which had great success . d ’ artagnan , “ they will have left a chicken , at <unk> ” he dismounted and knocked on the door . running to the door exclaimed :	174.5619354248047
incredible , ” said madame danglars , “ that a person having at least half a million of <unk> money at his command , should possess so little information ? ” everybody . but at the same time rely on our royal gratitude . ” solitary confinement , and to be closely watched and guarded . but bowed a second time . gardener i effectually screen our meetings from all suspicion or danger . ” exclaimed everyone . one there except a musketeer of his own troop , he fixed his eyes upon the supposed soldier , in whose dress , nevertheless , he recognized at the first glance the cardinal . friend , and you , perhaps , make use of him as your accomplice . ”	157.72116088867188
” ? ” inquired charles , rising . the agitation of the night was <unk> in his pale and careworn visage . but i think that either i have expressed myself badly or your majesty has imperfectly understood me . on . , “ my father was a royalist ; they need not have asked his sentiments , which were well known . ” , thank god ! it was necessary to prove to your majesty one thing of which you <unk> is , that we still possess amongst us some valor and are worthy of some consideration at your hands . ” , perceiving the excitement depicted on the magistrate ’ s face , the savage lustre of his eyes , he understood that the revelation had	132.80960083007812
been made at the assizes ; but beyond this he was ignorant . ’ artagnan , “ i can manage so that her majesty will receive me well ; i know an excellent method . ” , fernand ? ” he said . emperor ? ” hotel of the grand roi charlemagne and when athos inquired if his commission was executed , he related his adventure . make you forget this temporary <unk> , and offer you what no doubt you did not expect to find <unk> is to say , a tolerable supper and pretty comfortable beds . ” , lame <unk> . ” to this marriage as a means of <unk> her of a guardianship which , over a girl of eugénie ’ s character ,	133.10516357421875
could not fail to be rather a troublesome undertaking ; for in the <unk> relations which maintain the bond of family union , the mother , to maintain her ascendancy over her daughter , must never fail to be a model of wisdom and a type of perfection . <unk> is , <unk> livres of income , —a fortune such as i wish i had myself , and you are not satisfied ! ’ and with eyes inflamed , albert stepped back , and morrel closed the door . i hope , some establishment like that of the <unk> , or of the repentant daughters . and mazarin ascertained that the seal was intact . s what puzzles me , ” replied danglars ; “ the news of	195.37362670898438
the return of don carlos was brought by telegraph . ” mademoiselle eugénie yesterday ? be three weeks then , ” said morcerf ; “ but remember , at the expiration of that time no delay or subterfuge will justify you <unk> ” thanks to the strategic disposition of my forces , to intercept two couriers from mazarin to the queen . ” , and the reverie of crime is remorse . ” cried the count ; “ a pleasant manner , upon my soul , of arriving at your end when that end is vengeance ! spare him . ” opening was a dark and deep angle . the abbé , with an affable smile , “ when that report is in accordance with the truth ,	144.1371307373047
everybody must believe it , the police as well as all the rest . ” dear lieutenant , i promise you nothing ; but if you bring him back to me , dead or alive , you may ask all you wish . ” my friends ! of detecting the secret of the grotto ; he consequently despatched his breakfast , and , his boat being ready , he hastened on board , and they were soon under way . is not ordained for me to die . affair ? ” approach . left . ” right , ” said the man ; “ hop in , and we ’ re off ! eminence , a league off . ” <unk> the country , ” added athos .	81.602294921875
madame danglars , and conducted her into the garden , where they found danglars taking coffee between the cavalcanti . mine . ” them . myself that nobody hears us . ” ” said monte cristo gravely , “ you must have seen before today that at all times and in all places i have been at your disposal , but the service which you have just demanded of me is one which it is out of my power to render you . ” where winter ’ s body had fallen . ’ s hand to his lips , and then left the house by a back staircase . , ” replied albert . mention one circumstance , which nevertheless ought not to be omitted ; in one	95.50242614746094
of the rooms he crossed , the <unk> of the <unk> was on <unk> . be a baron . ” blood ! ” she murmured . and shave me . ” say to you ? ” have left elba , to go whither i know not , but assuredly to attempt a landing either at naples , or on the coast of tuscany , or perhaps on the shores of france . promised himself that on the following evening he would recover from d ’ artagnan what he had lost to porthos , and on leaving reminded the gascon of his appointment . death . ” discount , of course ? ” . ” gentlemen , sheathe your swords ! ” , ” said monte cristo , as	78.06375122070312
if this was the first time he had seen the journalist that evening ; “ be seated . ” leave of athos , excepting the old duc de <unk> , who , as an old friend of the family of la valliere , went to see little louise and offered to take her to blois in his carriage . ’ s face . but you are not— ” ; and then changing the conversation all at once , athos said : the wretched woman , mournfully shaking her head , “ the prosperity of which you speak , and which , from the bottom of my heart , i pray god in his mercy to grant him , i can never enjoy . ” sufficient number of people	93.20829772949219
here yet ; we shall be remarked . ” , what is it ? small chambers , very nicely fitted up , in a furnished house , the hostess of which , still young and still really handsome , cast tender glances uselessly at him . milady , placing a bag full of louis in felton ’ s hands . i will buy it of you ! ” do not kill him . ” never spoken to the one or the other ; that he had come , at about ten o ’ clock in the evening , to pay a visit to his friend m. d ’ artagnan , but that till that hour he had been at m. de tréville ’ s , where he had	82.60018920898438
dined . will who will risk being killed with me ! ” said d ’ artagnan , raising his sword . resumed aramis , that he might perfectly understand , “ ‘ the two hands are indispensable for priests of the inferior orders , when they bestow the benediction . ’ ” queen . ” settled , do let me see the performance , and tell your friend albert not to come any more this evening ; he will hurt himself with all his ill-chosen <unk> : let him go home and go to sleep . ” have in <unk> ” and after having assured himself that the prisoner was gone , the deputy procureur hastened to the house of his betrothed . chatelet , where i slept	144.08978271484375
soundly , being very sure that on the next day i should go forth free . for i should have left him dead on the spot , i assure you . ” . ” , there might be some hopes ; but unfortunately , those were all good pieces . ” on the floor , where d ’ artagnan , after giving him just time enough to draw his breath , gagged him with his long scarf ; and the moment he had done so began to undress him with the promptitude and dexterity of a man who had learned his business on the field of battle . ? ’ said my father to some people who were holding a paper inscribed with characters of gold . i	97.8780288696289
always said you were a fine fellow , and it is a blessing when good fortune happens to such as you . m. de tréville ; “ shall i give you counsel , good counsel , the counsel of a friend ? ” years since the house had been occupied , ” said château-renaud , “ and it was quite melancholy to look at it , with the blinds closed , the doors locked , and the weeds in the court . monte cristo ; “ but what would be the use of living eighteen hundred years after lucullus , if we can do no better than he could ? ” paris to châlons , walking six leagues a day ; madame de villefort followed the litter in	104.7773208618164
her carriage . whole thing . sincerely i ask pardon for having grieved you . and a splendid duel , too ; a duel in which i hope you will take your part . ” ” for me , ” said d ’ artagnan . closet of the wounded duke laporte and patrick . order to charge , and run down these miserable rebels . ” ; and yet , sir , you may make me even <unk> than i am . ” , for i have never had it , madame . ” the door inside , and open it to nobody unless you hear three taps like this ; ” and he tapped <unk> taps close together and pretty hard , the other after an interval	132.48764038085938
, and lighter . of compromising you . ” i was cruelly bored , as you say , and as i had the seventy-five pistoles in my pocket which you had distributed to me , in order to amuse myself i invited a gentleman who was traveling this way to walk up , and proposed a cast of dice . better , ” said caderousse , his eyes sparkling with avarice . ’ s carriage ! ” said the queen . cristo , i believe ? ” said he . , and if they want it , have them burnished up . prisoners sketched a plan of education , to be entered upon the following day . a moment without betraying the slightest emotion ; while , on	97.13134002685547
the contrary , teresa , shuddering in every limb , dared not approach the slain ruffian but by degrees , and threw a hesitating glance at the dead body over the shoulder of her lover . porthos . of poor bazin had always been to serve a churchman ; and he awaited with impatience the moment , always in the future , when aramis would throw aside the uniform and assume the cassock . said the host ; “ she is still in her chamber . ” , and saw maximilian and emmanuel alight . porthos , “ i have always noticed that aramis gives good advice . ” , ” muttered athos . that the woman with him is altogether unlike all others of her sex .	171.96331787109375
not have this ? ” asked the owner ; “ he is young , it is true , but he seems to me a thorough seaman , and of full experience . ” our plan , sir , ” replied the young man . , drew his sword . year came the expedition of <unk> . interval , cocles appeared . would be for his majesty , who is seeking everywhere for brave fellows to recruit for his musketeers ! ” clock had not died away when germain announced , “ his excellency the count of monte <unk> ” the involuntary start everyone gave proved how much morcerf ’ s narrative had impressed them , and albert himself could not wholly refrain from manifesting sudden emotion . to	197.34652709960938
witness this old man , apparently a mere useless burden , becoming the sole protector , support , and adviser of the lovers who were both young , beautiful , and strong . vexed m. morrel , good , worthy man , ” said caderousse . all prepared , with the addition of sugar , which had been brought for albert . in haste a crust of bread and drank a glass of spanish wine ; then monte cristo slipped aside one of the movable panels , which enabled him to see into the adjoining room . them ; but i have often resolved to visit them . ” directed towards monte cristo , but the second was for andrea . is not only swimming but burning .	174.85809326171875
” of your majesty and your private seal . ” his knees and prayed . magnificent . ” ” replied d ’ artagnan . ’ s study , where you very willingly presented yourself yesterday to ask for the thousand francs i give you monthly for pocket-money , you must know , my dear young lady , that many things may be learned , useful even to a girl who will not marry . , and i will set out at once . child was dead , and you buried it ? silence , the lady inquired : chat quietly , as brother and sister ought to do . ” auteuil was talked of everywhere . he took little care , were the despair of aramis , who	103.78773498535156
<unk> his with <unk> paste and perfumed oil . your excellency ? ” for them ; i shall pass over them . ” ” said edmond , “ if you do not , i shall die of <unk> is all . ” s arm , and , at the same time , holding that of madame danglars under his own , he dragged the procureur to the <unk> , where the shade was thickest . nevertheless . ” me with their intentions , and i only discovered them by chance , that is why i have been so reserved with you , dear grandpapa . whole conversation morcerf had never once dared to ask if it was on his own account that danglars recalled his word . he	81.91831970214844
play in this sad drama ? ” inquired the abbé . then ? ? ” said milady , who had already overcome her agitation and recovered all her presence of mind . sang the song in a very lively manner . hour , ” said maximilian in a gloomy voice , “ our name is dishonored ! ” ’ s selection of his seat , —who knew but that , thus advantageously placed , he might not in truth attract the notice of some fair roman , and an introduction might ensue that would procure him the offer of a seat in a carriage , or a place in a princely balcony , from which he might behold the <unk> of the carnival ? cried , in an	136.34849548339844
accent of despair , “ the count has deceived me ; i am yet living ; ” and extending his hand towards the table , he seized a knife . in some degree ; when i wish to listen to sounds more exquisitely attuned to melody than mortal ear ever yet listened to , i go to sleep . ” and signed , then the representative . ’ clock in the morning . prudent to ask at once what had become of the musketeer . in such shocking spirits all the evening , my friend , ” said the baroness . . ” ” monte cristo approached , and dropped on his purple lips three or four drops of the contents of the phial . at the count	102.12166595458984
. and take all the combatants , wounded or not , royalists or cardinalists . said porthos . again ? ” piece of glass ? ” asked the duke , frowning . , amongst whom i was born , whom i have always loved better than the english . by the coadjutor , who is led by madame de guemenee . ” <unk> . ” joy at the sight of the seal , kissed the <unk> with an almost religious respect , and opened the epistle , which contained what follows : most amiable person . ” to visit another , or a musketeer of my company to <unk> with a guard of dessessart ’ s company ? ” beadle ’ s gown , his services being required	122.69135284423828
that day at notre dame . ” exclaimed raoul , recognizing the young man as having seen him in the rue cocatrix , “ spare him ! the men stopped short , respectfully . looked upon athos as an achilles , porthos as an ajax , and aramis as a joseph . aramis . think of sending him away from here . ” temptation for two wretches like you . ! ” returned the count . not the cause . ” declared they were both poisoned through eating mushrooms . to act , and have no fears for the result . ” asked morrel . which he could not account , made the lieutenant ’ s heart beat : he had no longer the assurance of youth ;	112.96633911132812
experience had taught him the importance of past events . for man ; give me one , i will give you the other . ” my child , ” cried the marquis , “ that m. de villefort may prove the moral and political physician of this province ; if so , he will have achieved a noble work . ” young general , already made so famous by the battles of rocroy , fribourg , and nordlingen . albert returned , delighted with his day ’ s work ; he had been occupied in leaving his letters of introduction , and had received in return more invitations to balls and routs than it would be possible for him to accept ; besides this , he had seen	152.47061157226562
( as he called it ) all the remarkable sights at rome . project gutenberg literary archive foundation , section of the <unk> contributions , corridor <unk> , no . had not controlled himself as he ought , but at that moment , as if he had listened at the door and comprehended the urgent need of <unk> la ramee ’ s ideas , grimaud entered and made a sign to la ramee that he had something to say to him . it to me , then , madame , who know what they are ; but you wished to be <unk> , and consequently to lend at <unk> . ” ” he cried , passing the bottle to porthos , “ we are <unk> bark is supplied	108.72489929199219
with provisions . ” the son , as you killed the mother ! ” said morcerf , “ we will speak no more on the subject . ” is made , mother , ” said the young man , affecting ease of mind . time raised his expansive brow ; a flash kindled in his eyes , and a bitter smile passed over his lips , then , like his comrades , he sank again into reverie . mousqueton . ” cried athos , “ be men ! usual manner . a secret ? ” exclaimed felton , on seeing the knife <unk> in her hand . within him at the sight of those two children , whom he had not seen for two years and whom he	69.1998062133789
now met at the moment of death . no remedies for negligence , strict liability , breach of warranty or breach of contract except those provided in paragraph 1.f.3 . my brother sends for us . ” at your chateau at bragelonne , i made certain proposals to you which you perfectly understood ; instead of answering me as a friend , you played with me as a child ; the friendship , therefore , that you boast of was not broken yesterday by the shock of swords , but by your dissimulation at your castle . ” his mind . in truth , at that epoch , four devoted hearts , four loyal spirits , four faithful swords , who saved more than my <unk> honor—— ”	281.0531005859375
his pocket , and <unk> a knot at each <unk> signal agreed <unk> it in the air and the man came up to him . you , m. de villefort , for you must be fatigued after so long a journey ; go and rest . is a <unk> , and those who love money , you know , think too much of what they risk to be easily induced to fight a duel . first to arrive . invaluable . ” undertaken with his <unk> same who was <unk> carry off a young woman who was to leave paris by the barrière de la villette ; but having stopped to drink at a cabaret , they had missed the carriage by ten minutes . these fourteen years	136.9737548828125
. ” said cavalcanti , who was quite confounded at the metallic sound of these golden words . though , ” resumed de bragelonne . around , and he burst into a loud laugh . the emperor is at this moment on the way to grenoble ; on the 10th or <unk> he will be at lyons , and on the 20th or 25th at paris . ” know this man . ” you are really a man of most superior understanding , ” said d ’ artagnan , with a look as if he spoke against his conviction . and entered the rue de harlay by the place dauphine ; the driver was paid as the door opened , and stepping lightly up the stairs madame danglars	101.63912200927734
soon reached the salle des <unk> . round a peace ; this peace will require a negotiator ; that negotiator will be me . ” replied planchet ; “ but i wanted first to see if thou <unk> grown proud . ” four cardinals that at the head of armies have equalled monsieur de <unk> and monsieur de gassion . ” he was ready to obey . i would accept my shame , as my shame was consummated ; he came to offer his fortune in exchange for my love . , your clothes , are not then hired ? coming . ” letter with safety to her majesty , ” said aramis , coloring , “ i will take that upon myself . and dantès threw himself	141.9229278564453
furiously down on his straw . from now ? ” to say may seem strange to you , who are <unk> , and <unk> humanity and your duty to your neighbor , but i never seek to protect a society which does not protect me , and which i will even say , generally occupies itself about me only to injure me ; and thus by giving them a low place in my esteem , and preserving a neutrality towards them , it is society and my neighbor who are indebted to me . ” this diamond ; you will divide the money into five equal parts , and give an equal portion to these good friends , the only persons who have loved me upon earth .	168.37643432617188
’ ” smiled , like a woman to whom <unk> is no stranger . milady , “ is your presence an indispensable accessory of my captivity ? the protecting hand of god snatch him thence , all is over , and his struggles but tend to hasten his destruction . morrel with a bitter smile , “ i am <unk> have already said <unk> as a selfish man i think not of what others would do in my situation , but of what i intend doing myself . have my plan . radiant , was he not ? ” emerged from a <unk> near which they were usually stationed , but the wolf had scarcely advanced ten yards ere he was dead . struck in the name of	189.5607452392578
the law and of justice my profession allowed me to sleep quietly , sheltered as i was by justice and law ; but since that terrible night when i became an instrument of private vengeance and when with personal hatred i raised the sword over one of god ’ s <unk> that day—— ” gutenberg™ electronic works , and the medium on which they may be stored , may contain “ defects , ” such as , but not limited to , incomplete , inaccurate or corrupt data , transcription errors , a copyright or other intellectual property infringement , a defective or damaged disk or other medium , a computer virus , or computer codes that damage or can not be read by your equipment . ,	470.45501708984375
’ i exclaimed , ‘ you are very good . ’ , i think that the baroness did not dream the whole of the don carlos matter . see , ” said mousqueton , looking at blaisois with an expression of superiority which the latter did not even think of questioning , “ you are about to see , blaisois , how we old soldiers drink when we are thirsty . ” will be summoned , the day after it will be here ! lad , ” said la ramee , “ and hear what i have to say . ” of knowing what the owner was , without the owner knowing who he was ; and however the old sailor and his crew tried to “ pump	116.8577880859375
” him , they extracted nothing more from him ; he gave accurate descriptions of naples and malta , which he knew as well as marseilles , and held stoutly to his first story . ! ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i see that you understand french . which he lived furnished , passed only a few hours in the day there , and rarely slept there . the <unk> of your cellars are guarded , and i could say to you , as that good la ramee said to me of the duc de beaufort , you must be either bird or mouse to get out . ” boast of anything . ” such months , ” continued monte cristo , in the same tone	108.23788452148438
. i no longer pray for myself , but for you . ” the case , ” said mousqueton , with a learned air , “ take some nourishment . ” dozen . ” was made the subject of discussion , had stepped back , to escape unpleasant observation ; her eyes were cast down , and she was crying . mean ? ’ asked a gendarme . faithful servants . ” and appeal to your penetration . can you conceal me ? ’ a meeting on thursday last in this very room , did you not ? ” ” said athos , exchanging a smile with d ’ artagnan and aramis , “ it is very clear you acted nobly with regard to the poor lad ;	103.89305114746094
that is like a good master . ” at all they can swim anywhere . sombre reflections by his host , who rushed into the apartment crying out , “ the spaniards ! your side , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ is as much mistaken as to our intentions as the cardinal mazarin has always been . ” the people a report that troops had only been stationed on the quays and on the pont neuf , on account of the ceremonial of the day , and that they would soon withdraw . ? ” you are free , your excellency . ” franz , let us talk of something else . increased greatly his esteem and friendship for monsieur de tréville . , and the	96.74504852294922
chamber was left solitary , with its broken window , its open door , and its smoky lamp burning sadly on the table . so dull as not to perceive that he was one too many ; but he was not sufficiently broken into the fashions of the gay world to know how to extricate himself gallantly from a false position , like that of a man who begins to mingle with people he is scarcely acquainted with and in a conversation that does not concern him . , to discharge this duty , and to express to you my overwhelming gratitude . ” went to the theatre , and installed themselves in the count ’ s box . devoted to each other ; but when it becomes	181.44732666015625
a question of serving the cardinal or of fighting him , of being mazarinists or frondists , then we are only two . ” across the landing , which was all that separated them from the apartments of the count , rang at the bell , and , upon the door being opened by a servant , said : pardon to every sin ! read any breviary . that he was satisfied . a <unk> branch i had noticed a year before at the precise spot where i stopped to dig the hole . rode ; it belonged to the butcher , who lets it out now and then to m. bazin . ” said caderousse ; “ and how much does he give you monthly ? ”	158.6017303466797
crossed close to the hilts , and as d ’ artagnan stood firm , it was his adversary who made the retreating step ; but d ’ artagnan seized the moment at which , in this movement , the sword of bernajoux deviated from the line . morrel pushing aside a loose plank , “ give me your hand in token of forgiveness of my anger ; my senses are confused , and during the last hour the most extravagant thoughts have passed through my brain . some prescribed form or attention in registering his cargo , and it is more than probable he will be set at liberty directly he has given the information required , whether touching the health of his crew , or the value	211.40182495117188
of his freight . ” knees , seized the hand , and touched it respectfully with his lips . athos , “ and the marechal has often told me so himself . ” . ” denoted the cardinal ; and it was impossible for those who did not know his face to guess in whose presence they were . <unk> all his qualities to his auditors ; and , as i have said , the auditors seeming to have great deference for the narrator , they every moment burst into fits of laughter . <unk> faithful friend of cardinal richelieu . ” what you want , ” replied athos . ” . ” said the countess g—— to albert , who had returned to her side , “	84.12075805664062
that man does nothing like other people ; he <unk> most <unk> to the third act of <unk> le <unk> , and when the fourth begins , takes his departure . ” replied with his habitual coolness , without betraying either disturbance or surprise , that should the <unk> refuse obedience to the king ’ s wishes he would have gallows erected in the public squares and proceed at once to hang the most active among them . and chibouques ; as to m. baptistin , this portion of the building was interdicted to him . . ” stayed andrea here ; it was that he might form some resolution , adopt some plan . almost incredible patience and perseverance , had contrived to provide himself with tools	280.5377502441406
requisite for so unparalleled an attempt . men , as i have denounced you before god ; and if it be necessary that , like lucretia , i should sign my accusation with my blood , i will sign it . ’ and learned ; bazin has read history , gentlemen , he knows that <unk> the fifth became pope after having kept <unk> . preserve your majesty ! ” was no longer an <unk> body , without feeling , that the villain had to deal with . weep like you ! ” . i may put you at your ease , i tell you that i am generally called ‘ sinbad the sailor . ’ ” my dear edmond , ” continued the owner , “ don	132.8486785888672
’ t let me detain you . thought to porthos : “ if athos knows where we are , if he opens communication with us , before long athos will act . ” me , my child . , rarely granted so abundantly , this has been your <unk> have given yourself up to <unk> and drunkenness , and in a fit of intoxication have ruined your best friend . ” the cardinal , and behind d ’ artagnan the door was guarded . ! ? ” asked the young girl in romaic , of monte cristo ; “ is it a friend , a brother , a simple acquaintance , or an enemy . ” an agitation the queen ’ s mind must be in for her	96.31991577148438
to have remembered me after twenty years . ” ? ” that order , my lord ! ” said felton , making a step toward the duke . ” said the abbé ; “ we have some hours before <unk> is now just a quarter past twelve o ’ <unk> ” instinctively dantès turned round to observe by what watch or clock the abbé had been able so accurately to specify the hour . he exclaimed . needed . be found ? ” , enrolled in the army , but , being married and eight years older , he was merely sent to the frontier . my lord ! ” replied la ramee . quai de <unk> to have a new blade put to his sword , and	95.6835708618164
then returned toward the louvre , inquiring of the first musketeer he met for the situation of the hôtel of m. de tréville , which proved to be in the rue du vieux-colombier ; that is to say , in the immediate vicinity of the chamber hired by d ’ artagnan—a circumstance which appeared to furnish a happy augury for the success of his journey . selim . des <unk> , the curate pointed toward the square before the church . animal , ” said the duke ; “ but remember , i only allow you half an hour . ” muttered gondy , taking his hat to go away ; but on turning around he saw the beggar between him and the door . , that before	118.8382568359375
receiving the order one must submit proofs . ” impossible ! ” ; and he rendered very important services to your father . on , monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” said he . instinct , —and although you pretend to know nothing about speculations , i think on the contrary , that your comprehension is very clear upon certain affairs , —well , you told me that your instinct led you to believe the grant would be given to the company called the southern . it is useless . from this house ; afterward we shall see . ” ” said aramis impatiently . me ; i am dying with curiosity and uneasiness ! ” a fat <unk> , mutton leg dressed with garlic , and four	157.1756591796875
bottles of old burgundy . ” ” aramis , “ tell me a little what you do fear . ” i never did love you much , but now it is worse than ever . in his carriage , danglars called out to his coachman , in a voice that might be heard across the road , “ to the chamber of deputies . ” d ’ artagnan ; “ but we shall <unk> attract a ball . ” door opening and shutting was repeated the instant afterward ; the flaming globe descended afresh , and i was completely alone . have fallen a victim , had not the treatment he has been pursuing for the last three years neutralized the effects of the poison ? ” ’	100.55270385742188
s hand between his . sort of diplomatic arrangement ; ask planchet . ” the men of whom i speak were at that time my enemies ; because they fought against me ; because i did them all the harm i could and they returned it to the best of their ability ; because one of them , with whom i had most to do , gave me a pretty <unk> , now about seven years ago , the third that i received from the same hand ; it closed an old account . ” the month m. morrel had passed many an anxious hour . formed by the duc de beaufort and grimaud , the comte de la fere and the vicomte de bragelonne were entering paris	121.8906021118164
by the rue du faubourg saint <unk> . admiring the severe beauty of his features , the only defect , or rather the principal quality of which was the pallor . brother , i <unk> it so ; but fortunately you are not mine . ” live in the times of the great emperor , we live in the times of the cardinal ; and three days hence , however well the secret might be guarded , it would be known , i say , that we were to fight , and our combat would be prevented . , now ! ” said caderousse ; “ and i did not recognize them ! some iris roots i planted here , close to this <unk> , and which some	115.66202545166016
one has trampled upon this morning . ! ” cried de gondy ; but the cries which replied to his were poor and few , and perhaps he had but uttered it to make anne of austria sensible of her weakness . , and shut again ; the mercer ’ s pretty wife had disappeared . athos passed and repassed before the pipe of the stove , broken in <unk> , the other extremity passing into the chamber above ; and every time he passed and repassed he heard a murmur of words , which at length fixed his attention . ’ said i , ‘ are we really to be killed ? ’ and at the sound of my voice the slaves redoubled their cries and prayers	196.8068389892578
and lamentations . i will tell him what i have seen , and we will consult together , and examine the body . ” me swallow twelve drops instead of ten , you see that i do not recover , then pour the rest down my throat . the tree , behind me the rock . sir ? ” he said , respectfully . oath for me on the cross ; i won ’ t ask anything more of you . ’ de chevreuse ! ” said milady to herself . to be of any service to her . , however . countenance , holding his hat in his hand and awaiting the good pleasure of his eminence , without too much assurance , but also without too	96.00787353515625
much humility . to be seen leaving ; our interview must be kept secret . ” at the door for an instant . yes , ” motioned the invalid . ” this morning , ” replied château-renaud , “ that he would meet us on the ground . ” go , ” said louis xviii. , “ and remember that i am waiting for you . ” it annoys me , knowing your connection with the morcerf family , to see him throw himself in the way. ” danglars burst out laughing . he came with the prince ; a charming young man ; he is one of your friends then , monsieur le comte ? ” ring , and drawing from his pocket a pair of steel	85.21630859375
<unk> and a small set of copper <unk> , he took the stone out of its setting , and weighed it carefully . o ’ clock , monsieur de gondy , having finished his business , returned to the <unk> palace . , my friend ; only you must please to remember that this is <unk> . sir , ” said danglars to fernand , “ here is a marriage which does not appear to make everybody happy . ” orders on that point . ” . said morrel ; “ i will take you to my sister , who is worthy also to be yours . head , and the sky turned gray . , who led him into a room almost under ground , whose bare	66.2682113647461
and reeking walls seemed as though impregnated with tears ; a lamp placed on a stool illumined the apartment faintly , and showed dantès the features of his conductor , an <unk> , <unk> , and of sullen appearance . take care ; when our turn comes , our revenge will be sweeping . ” least doubt of your love i would not make it , but you love me , my beautiful mistress , do you not ? ” my dear sister ; emmanuel , adieu ! ” morrel repeated . ” the young woman , “ i know you to be cowardly , avaricious , and foolish , but i never till now believed you infamous ! ” , but let it be the last .	141.06451416015625
” , body and soul . ” stammered , “ do you mean to keep that money ? i have no idea . ” ” ” for you , gentlemen ? ” asked the duke . , it seems . ” a garden ; a clump of trees concealed me ; no one suspected i was there . villefort ; i fully believed that when he went out in the night he would be forced to traverse the whole of the garden alone . ” the wind ? ” ” and now i wish to see him on an affair of great importance . the men to allow sword wounds to be inflicted upon you thus , ” said the cardinal . , ” said he . six	61.1386604309082
months that this weakness had been felt , the worthy procurator had nearly become the slave of his wife . offer myself , sir , ” said the priest ; “ it is our mission to <unk> our duties . ” ; there are pirates , like the bandits who were believed to have been <unk> by pope <unk> <unk> , and who yet , every day , rob travellers at the gates of rome . the advice of my hostess , while <unk> the conjugal designs of this <unk> apparition . ” ” said mousqueton , “ i can ’ t swim ; let me stay here . ” lord . ’ the branches or brush away the moss to know where the <unk> were . said	106.50037384033203
porthos ; “ what can we say to mazarin ? ” dear , you forget that these gentlemen are not initiated into my family affairs like yourself . but he is ignorant of his real name , having never known his parents . ” ? ” asked kitty . m. de comminges and desire him to shut himself up with his men in the guardhouse and in the stables . ” my leave of absence , ” continued maximilian ; “ and i shall be , together with my brother-in-law emmanuel , at the disposition of the count , whenever he thinks fit to honor us . ” else , ” continued d ’ artagnan , turning his back . pistol . tell you , m. morrel ?	81.96137237548828
” said he eagerly . carry it along with those of these gentlemen . ” , the duke couldn ’ t hope to do that , and he laughed at the mere thought of it . out , awaited them . aramis , when they were alone , “ what do you think of this business , my dear count ? ” was poisoning us . ” ” , madame , in serving a prince so unfortunate , a queen so virtuous . shoulder of his favorite selim , and he drove us all before him , as a shepherd would his <unk> flock . julie , pressing the purse to her heart , “ no , no , i beseech you do not take it , for	89.71489715576172
some unhappy day you will leave us , will you not ? ” when the campaign is over , ” replied the gascon . and beat the enemy . ” home again , raoul , ” said the comte . favorite and minister of the queen ? with equal solemnity . may catch him yet . ” the notary , “ how do you intend disposing of your fortune in case mademoiselle de villefort still <unk> on marrying m. franz ? ” the old man gave no answer . , and i have listened in vain ; i do not hear her breathe . ” , understood all , uttered a cry , as if his very heart was pierced , and fell fainting on the stone steps	96.12203216552734
. the reader will remember , who had broken parry ’ s head . artagnan , you will never make anything but a very bad secretary . mercédès again ? ” inquired the priest . confound the two , eugénie . ” remaining , ” he said . , i beg of you , but lend me a horse . ” , reflected for a few moments , wrote eight or ten lines in a charming little female hand , and then with a voice soft and slow , as if each word had been scrupulously weighed , he read the following : tell you there would be an answer , stupid ! ” said athos . where i expect to find letters , and you go to	102.6451644897461
the first tavern in the town , to l ’ <unk> du grand henri for instance , refresh yourselves , and in two hours be upon the jetty ; our boat is waiting for us there . ” convulsive hand , tore them in pieces , and trembling lest the least vestige should escape and one day appear to confront him , he approached the wax-light , always kept burning for cigars , and burned every fragment . ? the dying man in a dull and leaden manner . deny it ! ” added villefort , extending his hand toward her , as though to seize her in the name of justice . monsieur porthos , ” said she , “ that my strongbox , the strongbox of	170.1368865966797
a procurator ’ s wife though it may be , is better filled than those of your affected <unk> . ” he had amassed 250,000 francs ; six years sufficed to achieve this object . ? ” asked valentine timidly . of our friend , and let him hasten home . ” three musketeers put to one another . that the stones were not cemented , but had been merely placed one upon the other , and covered with stucco ; he inserted the point of his pickaxe , and using the handle as a lever , with joy soon saw the stone turn as if on hinges , and fall at his feet . to divert the attention of certain curious listeners , and perceiving that athos	186.52455139160156
had <unk> himself to the embrasure of a window and remained there , he proceeded to join him , throwing out a few words carelessly as he moved through the room . and broke his leg . dig . you tell me , <unk> anything fresh occurring in this part of the town ? ” soul of the old man seemed centred in his eyes which became bloodshot ; the veins of the throat swelled ; his cheeks and temples became purple , as though he was struck with <unk> ; nothing was wanting to complete this but the utterance of a cry . ? ” active links to , or other immediate access to , the full project gutenberg™ license must appear prominently whenever any copy of	181.02386474609375
a project gutenberg™ work ( any work on which the phrase “ project gutenberg ” appears , or with which the phrase “ project gutenberg ” is associated ) is accessed , displayed , performed , viewed , copied or distributed : ” said albert to beauchamp , “ it is plain that the affairs of spain are settled , for you are most desperately out of humor this morning . sir , ” said madame danglars ; “ but you suppose scenes in a manner which gives them the appearance of reality . ” mme . , and began to fancy that this recommendation concealed some mystery . of the story is , ” resumed the abbé , “ that dantès , even in his dying moments	148.2260284423828
, swore by his <unk> <unk> , that he was utterly ignorant of the cause of his detention . ” not mean her fortune only ; but tell me—— ” which he spoke . have you been ill during my absence ? ” simple mien , who had the appearance of a <unk> . a cloak galloping at the right hand of the carriage . climb . monsieur the principal has proposed to me the following subject , which has not yet been treated upon , and in which i perceive there is matter for magnificent <unk> ‘ <unk> <unk> in <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> est_ . ’ ” grimaud met him between bethune and arras and then came here to warn me of his presence . ”	148.83128356933594
adopted , sir , ” said the procureur , “ it would greatly <unk> our legal codes , and in that case the magistrates would not ( as you just observed ) have much to do . ” ” until this hour , ” replied franz . . these lines , which are in accordance with the double motion of the earth , and the <unk> it describes round the sun , i am enabled to ascertain the precise hour with more minuteness than if i possessed a watch ; for that might be broken or deranged in its movements , while the sun and earth never vary in their appointed paths . ” he ? ” ” count again ? ” angle of the gateway , so	152.94215393066406
that if the porter chanced to awake he might see but one person . is ! ” then putting his face to the lowered blinds , he said : expected but to find a blank enclosure surrounded by a straight wall , is , i assure you , a most agreeable surprise . won by a horse and rider utterly unknown on the course . ” . , placed on each side of the door of the church , reached to the scaffold , and formed a circle around it , leaving a path about ten feet wide , and around the guillotine a space of nearly a hundred feet . to collect and throw us back our balls , ” said the duke . excellency now owes	184.430419921875
me <unk> louis . ” that lord de winter was her brother-in-law , and not her brother . they wanted to revenge the past , and not to anticipate the future . , and saw the horn full of powder which his friend jacopo had left him . has failed her , on two occasions she has found herself discovered and betrayed ; and on these two occasions it was to one fatal genius , sent <unk> by the lord to combat her , that she has succumbed . ” said she . for fear that even a fragment should remain ; for that letter must have led to your condemnation . ” glass , but even then he could not distinguish anything . , what is the	145.919921875
joke ? ” step backward , became so pale that it might be said she was dying , and leaning with her left hand upon a table behind her to keep herself from falling , she with her right hand drew the paper from her bosom and held it out to the keeper of the seals . the better ? ” sister ; <unk> is dead , but he is avenged . ’ by name . the young king to d ’ artagnan , on descending from the carriage , “ the queen has charged me to invite you to dinner <unk> and your friend the baron du vallon . ” the traveller reached the <unk> . again . it were , where you <unk> ” ( athos	110.27088928222656
changed color . ) they went thither to fight themselves . ” the exalted position she had occupied , lost in the <unk> she had now chosen , like a person passing from a room splendidly lighted into utter darkness , appeared like a queen , fallen from her palace to a hovel , and who , reduced to strict necessity , could neither become reconciled to the earthen vessels she was herself forced to place upon the table , nor to the humble pallet which had become her bed . albert , whose courage <unk> at the idea of being plundered <unk> , “ not make any resistance ! ” i live ; i expect you tomorrow morning at nine o ’ clock . ’ ” shook	247.9744415283203
the room ; two or three bottles fell and were broken . ! ” cried mordaunt , springing off his horse . brightened . , i presume , of addressing m. de monte cristo . ” require a permit , for the island is uninhabited . ” as usual . ” said aramis , “ i am like the comte de la <unk> can see nothing remarkable about it . ” ” house at <unk> house is the one where i have committed an assassination ; you descend to the garden by the same staircase by which he descended ; you stop at the spot where he received the blow ; and two paces farther is the grave in which he had just buried his child . ’	87.12503814697266
artagnan , “ how can you talk like that when you are in the company of gentlemen and have such an excellent sword at your side ? ” be planned with impunity , for , as we have said , since that morning he had ceased to be “ the queen ’ s invalid . ” , when i came with such haste to you , that i was to meet an enemy here . ” his eyes , with involuntary terror . <unk> . cast on barrois showed that there was something wanting which he knew where to find . one grand point . ” was to go over to the english . austria was full of gayety and animation ; for , after having gained a	101.18528747558594
victory over the spaniard , it had just gained another over the people . had only two rooms and a parlor on the third floor , which he offered at the low charge of a louis per <unk> . affect indifference , but confess you were pleased to have it . ” informed of this by his eminence , packed his portmanteau ; and as without knowing the cause he knew the great desire and even imperative need which his friends had of returning to paris , it goes without saying that he fixed upon them to form part of the escort . to bury a living child in a garden ? ” cried monte cristo . speech , beauchamp bowed coldly to albert , turned his back	185.0359344482422
upon him , and went to the <unk> . foundation that _le <unk> yesterday announced the flight of don carlos and the revolt of barcelona . black and with his habitual simplicity ; his white waistcoat displayed his expansive noble chest and his black stock was singularly <unk> because of its contrast with the deadly paleness of his face . acquaintance , thanks to my good fortune , with many noted persons , and have , at least for the moment , a crowd of friends . madame , to listen to me , ” said danglars . most reasonable . eugénie with her usual candor . count , and examine this rock . ” read your future destiny as through a cloud . monte cristo watched him	197.3048553466797
in the shadow , and morrel saw nothing but the bright eyes of the count . , sir , and since you have such a man in your service , make him useful . ” morrel . not generally very rich , and i have no reason to think matters have much changed in this respect since i left the province . ? ” he asked . avoid this dangerous enemy , and returned as late as possible in the evening . was worth seven thousand livres ? ” sir , and i protest to you that to-day i feel very lonely . must habituate the senses to a fresh impression , gentle or violent , sad or joyous . to excuse me , <unk> <unk> was not	123.29842376708984
attending to the conversation . ” minister ’ s schemes with the more ardor , because his natural activity would be doubled by necessity . , ” said the king , “ and that is all i had to say to you . ” of blood sprang from the wound . to instruct them . the enemy ? , ” said cromwell . corso ? ” the same dungeon where he had passed the night , and left him to himself during the day . , ” said porthos . ) and it takes a considerable effort , much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements . , thus , madame , three times a day , ” said he . sardinia ,	89.30323791503906
where they intended to take in a cargo , which was to replace what had been discharged . ; he is no longer in my hands , ” replied villefort . possible , ” answered the comte de la fere . muttered the wounded man , “ the king is a prisoner . ” cristo , “ you must not ask of us , the <unk> of fine porcelain , such a question . rochefort had been the very soul of the attack , the crowd who had followed and obeyed him took to flight on seeing him fall . soon , for i shall soon speak out to athos . ” , however , ” said mazarin , “ the safest method . ” was no longer	54.61830520629883
a man , but a living corpse . never heard his name mentioned by any person , and i hope and believe he is dead . ” and silently took her hand . then , that you are about to accord , sire , it is justice . ” said athos . myself ; but watch over him. ” emmanuel looked around the room and caught sight of the pistols ; his eyes rested on the weapons , and he pointed to them . a second glance toward parry , on whose face such an expression of joy was manifested that charles stretched out his hand to him , smiling . , ” said his host ; “ it shows you have a tendency for an oriental life	106.26641845703125
. and dared not stay any longer at nîmes , so he solicited a change of residence , and , as he was in reality very influential , he was <unk> to versailles . half a million and , although such a loan is somewhat rare , on my honor , you would annoy me less ! chair . i wholly comprehend your disappointment . the unhappy fernand did that ? ” , the transteverin was no other than the bandit luigi vampa himself , and the man <unk> in the mantle the same he had known as “ sinbad the sailor , ” but who , no doubt , was still pursuing his philanthropic expedition in rome , as he had already done at porto-vecchio and tunis	201.08018493652344
. countenance an appearance of perfect candor . to be recompensed for our diligence ? ” continued the mercer , with a trifling alteration in his <unk> trifling , indeed , that d ’ artagnan did not perceive it any more than he had the momentary shade which , an instant before , had darkened the countenance of the worthy man . honor to me , ” returned monte cristo , “ to be thus , on the first day of my arrival in paris , brought in contact with a man whose merit equals his reputation , and to whom fortune has for once been equitable , but has she not still on the plains of <unk> , or in the mountains of atlas , a marshal	131.44113159179688
’ s staff to offer you ? ” to part with the horses ? ” , a small cap upon your head of the same color as your robe , and in that cap a heron ’ s feather . i can , chevalier , ” said milady , “ for do you know what is going on here ? ” man of iron , who seemed to be made of nerve and muscle only , had struck him with admiration . looked around for some corner to hide in , some way of escape . am lost , ” said d ’ artagnan . the greatest importance to communicate to you . ” oliver cromwell ? ” inquired porthos . now , then , ” said edward	73.92735290527344
, with his habitual quickness . up a long time , ” said gondy . yet the ladder didn ’ t come down of itself . ” a loud cry of joy , and darted toward the door ; she had recognized the voice of d ’ artagnan . ” was in the first circle ; although each of the three <unk> of boxes is deemed equally aristocratic , and is , for this reason , generally styled the “ nobility ’ s boxes , ” and although the box engaged for the two friends was sufficiently capacious to contain at least a dozen persons , it had cost less than would be paid at some of the french theatres for one admitting merely four occupants . two	182.38059997558594
. in any <unk> excitement of the nervous <unk> was it ; a case of <unk> <unk> more . me to the grave with the rank of captain . ” men ; if we should meet a little troop of enemies , equal or even superior in number to our own , shall we charge them , raoul ? ” are engaged with a <unk> like yourself ? ” said bertuccio , in so calm a tone , and with so steadfast a look , that andrea was moved to the very soul . de <unk> , and monte cristo hastened to join bertuccio . , athos ? what time you require , dantès . ” cried aramis , “ swords ! replied d ’ artagnan , shaking	99.81954193115234
his head ; “ you have no more the appearance of coming from thence than you have of going there . ” turned in the lock , and before the departing steps of the jailer had died away in the long corridor he had to traverse , dantès , whose restless anxiety concerning his friend left him no desire to touch the food brought him , hurried back to the abbé ’ s chamber , and raising the stone by pressing his head against it , was soon beside the sick man ’ s couch . ! of increased wages , could induce them to remain ; to every argument they replied , “ we must go , for death is in this house . ” ” said	154.87911987304688
the monk , with one of those smiles that made bragelonne shudder . eight hundred piastres . ” , opening his eyes at that last word . we speak pursued valentine even in her sleep , or rather in that state of <unk> which succeeded her waking hours ; it was then , in the silence of night , in the dim light shed from the alabaster lamp on the chimney-piece , that she saw the shadows pass and repass which <unk> over the bed of sickness , and fan the fever with their trembling wings . severe struggle in the mind of caderousse ; it was plain that the small shagreen case , which he turned over and over in his hand , did not seem to	169.8849334716797
him <unk> in value to the enormous sum which fascinated his gaze . shade of the garden , and your son disappeared in pursuit of the peacock . ” artagnan ’ s great astonishment , the pretty kitty defended herself resolutely . , next to the <unk> on the left ? ” monsieur mordaunt whom we are going to join at boulogne and with whom we cross to england . ” baron ? ” he exclaimed . fled from bourges , and has returned to spain . ” more to be said ; go and rejoin your mother and sister . ” you to strangle , porthos , ” said aramis . you do not say so to tranquillize my fears ? ” , again smiling with the	120.0478515625
disagreeable expression he had before assumed , “ you must pay for it—you understand ? ” wish me to lay aside my ministerial functions , to quit france and be an exile . ” , ” replied m. de tréville , “ that you should undertake so long a journey without that necessary passport , the sole resource of us poor béarnese . ” today ? ” , for this voice responded to a secret voice of his soul , which told him that great misfortunes awaited him . ” cried bazin , “ a poem sell so dear as that ! say about not seeing you again , i believe not a word of it ; with such a heart as <unk> such a <unk> passes through	156.04913330078125
the valley of the shadow of death a dozen times , unscathed and <unk> . was aramis . it ; before we left villeroy i settled the accounts of the regiment . ” ? ” that he had no straw left for himself . were the happiest man alive at this instant . ” the conviction that they came from m. de villefort relieved all dantès ’ apprehensions ; he advanced calmly , and placed himself in the centre of the escort . shall abandon you , dear grandpapa , and that i shall forget you when i am married ? ” are trying to penetrate into the mysteries of <unk> , in which i am not initiated . the head , his pistols by his side ,	94.31245422363281
stretched his cloak over his feet , placed his felt hat on the top of his cloak and extended himself luxuriously on the straw , which rustled under him . we are never seen one without the others , and that we are called among the musketeers and the guards , at court and in the city , athos , porthos , and aramis , or the three inseparables ? coachman perceived the grooms were not behind the vehicle ; he fancied monsieur le coadjuteur had sent them back , and without dropping the reins he sprang from his box to open the door . ? ” repeated the inspector . porthos , “ i speak french and they are all english . ” some cause for this	115.25605010986328
strange scene . ” is a fresh diamond which i enclose in the casket of my heart . felt more composed ; he looked well around him to see if olivain and the host might not be watching him , whilst he impressed a kiss upon the paper , a mute and touching <unk> , which the heart of athos might well divine on opening the letter . order you to treat me in this way ? ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . and remained some minutes as if bewildered or stunned . assist me in finding my wife . is an eternity for me . porthos , “ he has gone as a <unk> , on account of some words of our host , which	105.11796569824219
made him believe the road was not safe . ” single <unk> tells you fine things about mazarin ’ s gratitude ! ” , exposing the king ’ s bed linen , which was so worn that here and there holes could be seen . doing ? ” inquired vampa of the sentinel . a humble foreigner , you must pardon me if i do not understand all the subtle <unk> of your language . ” for that , ” replied gaetano with a laugh , “ or any authorities ? more ; have you any cause of complaint against me or monsieur d ’ herblay ? turned around once more , and said , “ not a <unk> a word ; let them think you asleep ,	121.18022155761719
or perhaps you may be killed before i have the power of helping you . ” ” you were born to be a general , and the cardinal , who fancies himself a great soldier , is nothing beside you . ” porthos ; “ i see nothing in that very extraordinary . ” , ” returned morcerf ; “ you have described him feature for feature . do in the room , so the poisoner retired stealthily , as though fearing to hear the sound of her own footsteps ; but as she withdrew she still held aside the curtain , absorbed in the irresistible attraction always exerted by the picture of death , so long as it is merely mysterious and does not excite disgust .	145.10540771484375
, are you not ? ” said lord de winter in his turn , fixing his eyes on those of milady . campaign , seek out all sorts of <unk> , in short , to our former life . ” he said , “ may i inquire what are the orders with which your majesty deigns to honor me ? ” standing at the door . literary archive foundation it as a <unk> profanation to reward treachery , perhaps crime . ” , and which was to serve as a town residence to monte cristo , was situated on the right hand as you ascend the champs-élysées . encountered for the first time villefort ’ s look , —that look peculiar to the magistrate , who , while	104.15827941894531
seeming to read the thoughts of others , betrays nothing of his own . ; the other cavaliers were only twenty steps from them . young men and placed them face to face with the prince . ? ” asked milady . consolation that they were not wounded , ” said aramis . quietly , wholly ignorant of what had become of his wife , and caring very little about it . see , there is a deadly feud between us . ” , i will do my best . ” to me . ” you want to purchase my english horse , ” said debray , “ you think he will bear the cold better . ” did know it , ” exclaimed albert , “ since	71.43696594238281
it is owing to that circumstance that we are packed into these small rooms , like two poor <unk> in the back streets of paris . ” gracefully wiped his lips with a fine cambric pocket-handkerchief . to deal with . ” answered raoul . bread , water , and fresh straw ; and that is all a prisoner can wish for . in the morning he was at the apartment of athos . to my ancestor by king francis i . ; i am dying . ” , but coquettish to excess . entirely of porthos ’ s opinion , ” replied aramis . in understanding this character , which history explains only by facts and never by reason . appeared not to perceive him . and	150.35011291503906
aramis found it in arms . to do with the poor creature , and how shall i ever meet her again ? ” with the ceremony , so that neither the chariot nor the precautions taken by those who were within it had been observed . , ” said château-renaud . wife as my father found . ” lead the second . this order ! he added , “ your pardon , sire , but my devotion to your majesty has made me forget , not the respect i have , for that is too deeply engraved in my heart , but the rules of etiquette . ” he exclaimed , turning pale with anger , “ seven <unk> and allied armies <unk> that man . aramis and	108.5811767578125
porthos is treated of in all this was the diamond , worth five or six thousand livres , which he wore on his finger ; and even this <unk> that d ’ artagnan , in his projects of ambition , wished to keep it , to make it someday a pledge for the gratitude of the <unk> not in the meanwhile , since he could not part with it , more value than the gravel he trod under his feet . ” said villefort , “ i am , on the contrary , delighted ; but i so little expected your visit , that it has somewhat overcome me . ” may be sent in something else . ” . ” to follow them ; and although ignorant	87.95872497558594
of the game , which he had never played , he accepted , not knowing what to do with his time from nine o ’ clock in the morning , as it then scarcely was , till twelve . with me ? ” he said ; “ i shall pass by blois . ” appear to be totally ignorant of the cause which brings me here . ” fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing project gutenberg™ electronic works provided that : milady , “ lord de winter ; and now you can understand it all , can you not ? vanity , d ’ artagnan at this moment joined an uneasiness much less selfish . affect the validity of the deed , but <unk>	108.93486022949219
of mind is absolutely requisite . ” measured pace , without betraying by the slightest sign that it contained people in a hurry . ” replied the prince . all wonder at <unk> can not think of everything ; but , happily , the abbé busoni thought for you . ” , indeed , as we have stated , a very handsome man . not come to visit the comte de la fere , but the comte de la fere will be sent for to visit him . ” duties , monte cristo stopped , looking around him with that expression peculiar to a certain class , which seems to say , “ i have done my duty , now let others do theirs . ” , then	86.26411437988281
, what would you call robespierre ? while i am beginning to get old . good dinner , he will confide his son to my care , i will promise to watch over him , i shall let him follow in whatever path his folly may lead him , and then i shall have done my part . ” vulgar companion in these new adventures ; he was a man of <unk> sound sense . do then ? ” was about to quit the room . does is part of a plan concerted between you—of an infernal plan . ” my heart beats fast , the blood burns in my veins , and i can hardly breathe ; but i solemnly promise you to restrain all this ardor	174.87327575683594
, this fervor and intensity of feeling , until you yourself shall require me to render them available in serving or assisting you . at <unk> ” ! ” said she . temperate . ” the termination of affairs . hôtel des princes , rue de richelieu . ten by st. paul ’ s . phaeton , monte cristo turned , and seeing bertuccio , “ what news ? ” said he . swear it ! ” and in two hours afterwards the new-comer lay at anchor beside the yacht . if you see anything such a night as this , ” said porthos . the hotel du grand charlemagne . arranging the dresses and linen in a closet when the king entered ; she could not get	168.65847778320312
out and had heard all . them that i am going to make the comte de la fere a visit , that i may converse with him tete-a-tete , and that we may not be disturbed at our interview you must conduct him , as i said before , to the pavilion of the orangery ; that , you know , is my daily promenade . all . notary , m. <unk> , place <unk> , faubourg saint-honoré , and you have my authority to inspect those deeds . ” the faubourg saint-honoré . , reserved for me , ” said monte cristo coldly , “ to be the first to do so . ” seen any of our other friends ? ” to pass that mysterious threshold	94.8785400390625
, to climb those unknown stairs by which , one by one , the old crowns of m. coquenard had ascended . the noise of a troop of horsemen , ” exclaimed porthos , leaning over his horse ’ s mane . he had made to valentine , and kept his secret . them as it does for those who are not victims of misfortune and whose <unk> glide along mechanically and tranquilly beneath the eye of providence . i was happy , because i had not courted death , because to be cast upon a bed of rocks and <unk> seemed terrible , because i was unwilling that i , a creature made for the service of god , should serve for food to the <unk> and	190.53555297851562
<unk> . evidently intended to arrest her arm , and she slowly withdrew it . strict fidelity to government principles , a profound contempt for theories and <unk> , a <unk> hatred of <unk> , —these were the elements of private and public life displayed by m. de villefort . at the most . else but to tell you so . ” have been a congestion of the brain , or apoplexy , which is the same thing , is it not ? ” princess then . ” she suffers ? ” for men before . ” too reasonable to be led by imagination . ” , with the activity of two soldiers and the knowledge of two connoisseurs , hardly required three hours to purchase the entire	148.8439178466797
equipment of the musketeer . us corrupted wretches of civilization to find gentlemen like yourself , <unk> , as you are , of immense <unk> least , so it is <unk> i beg you to observe that i do not inquire , i merely repeat ; —it is not usual , i say , for such privileged and wealthy beings to waste their time in speculations on the state of society , in philosophical reveries , intended at best to console those whom fate has disinherited from the goods of this world . ” than yours , it ’ s true , but , bah ! his wife and daughter . ” name and looked at the count to be quite sure that it was he whom the	189.86224365234375
lieutenant thus addressed . villefort , in the act of slipping on her dressing-gown , threw aside the drapery and for a moment stood motionless , as though interrogating the occupants of the room , while she endeavored to call up some rebellious tears . <unk> forbade my sending for you ; and , as you say , i am myself agitated , feverish and out of sorts . ” enemies ? ” athos , who had seated himself quietly , started up . opened , then the side-gate of the garden , and ali and his master were on the spot with lights . them such great hearts as yours . by twenty fathoms . ” at once broke upon the mind of the host as he	155.94149780273438
was giving himself to the devil upon finding nothing . he died of <unk> in dreadful <unk> ” then turning to the crew , he said , “ bear a hand there , to take in sail ! ” said the prisoner , in french . as he opened the door , the stranger bowed and took his leave , and the carriage conveyed him straight to the house of m. de villefort . villefort , “ nothing further is required . ; it is quite true . rank and fortune , and to begin this hard apprenticeship i must borrow from a friend the loaf i shall eat until i have earned one . was shut ; but he leaped over the hedge , and in spite	130.50173950195312
of the barking of a <unk> dog , went up to the cabin . this carriage , and that without offering the least resistance , without making the least noise ? ’ ” for while replying the captain had raised three fingers . scene , château-renaud , when we saw her , at the most three weeks ago , about to sign that contract ? ” his highness the duc de beaufort ! ” cried the prisoner , laughing violently , “ and by master jacques <unk> la ramee , the king ’ s commissioner . ” used to these latitudes , and knew every rock in the tuscan archipelago ; for in the midst of this obscurity franz was not without <unk> had long since disappeared ,	155.35272216796875
and monte cristo itself was invisible ; but the sailors seemed , like the lynx , to see in the dark , and the pilot who steered did not evince the slightest hesitation . of this man at the supreme moment of his agony can not be told in words . ” said mazarin , thoughtfully . the neighborhood of the house he has bought a mineral spring equal to those at <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> . the coast , these men , who are in reality smugglers , will prefer selling me to doing a good action . of saint-méran died a few days after he had set out on his journey to paris , and the marchioness a few days after her arrival ?	138.4004669189453
” swelling of the veins of his forehead and the contraction of the muscles round the eye , trace the terrible conflict which was going on between the living energetic mind and the inanimate and helpless body . , ” said monte cristo , pressing his hand to his heart to still its violent beatings ; he felt afraid of hearing his own history . . of monsieur porthos , who had desired us to be so careful of this letter , was it not ? ” the young man , “ honest men are not to be paid with such coin . ” resumed mazarin , with his artful smile ; “ from pure zeal and devotion then ? ” , at first timid and scared ,	115.2063217163086
soon recovered herself . cried she , smiling . , i do not speak french ? ” conclusion , sire , ” said the minister of police , “ that death was not the result of suicide , as we first believed , but of assassination . to do , i ’ faith ? already told you , i have an instinctive affection for him , the source of which i can not explain to you . madame danglars , “ the count of monte cristo can know nothing , or he would not seek our society as he does . ” , they are coming , ” said eugénie . i say to you , felton ? ” continued milady , in the tone of a woman	58.63338851928711
accusing herself of a crime . not brought too large a stock of money with you ? ” ! ” exclaimed madame de villefort . me with you ? ” the <unk> he redoubled the <unk> ; so that day and night the bell was ringing full swing , announcing the extreme desire for mortification which the penitent experienced . ? fancies go too far , ” replied the triumphant bonacieux , “ and i mistrust them . ” caderousse , “ they had made me drink to such an excess that i nearly lost all perception . rack , eating his hay . , and if i ever do any good , it is due to their beneficent counsels . to enter the church at the same	171.74566650390625
time as myself , he does not despair of becoming pope in his turn , or at least a cardinal . officer , she began the descent of the ladder , at the foot of which the boat waited . told you that there is nothing between me and the duchess de longueville ? the midst of the silver circle illumined by the light of the moon the same whirlpool which had been made by the sinking men was again obvious , and first were seen , rising above the waves , a wisp of hair , then a pale face with open eyes , yet , nevertheless , the eyes of death ; then a body , which , after rising of itself even to the waist	136.83802795410156
above the sea , turned gently on its back , according to the caprice of the waves , and floated . , “ in my name i beg you ! were mounted , they were soon far in advance of their servants , and arrived at crèvecœur . believe that it is my father , say so immediately ; and if , on the contrary , you believe it to be him , state your reasons for doing so . ” s wishes to the contrary ? ” said madame de villefort , selecting a new point of attack . ? ’ — ‘ i do , ’ said my father . ” no ! ” cried milady ; “ no , sir , do not call him	74.97930145263672
, i conjure you . proud as a <unk> , ’ ” murmured the duke of buckingham . my dear gérard , and by your obedience to my paternal orders , or , if you prefer it , friendly counsels , we will keep you in your place . , ” said lord de winter , “ if there are any measures to take against the countess , it concerns me ; she is my sister-in-law . ” , knowing what answer you would receive . ” the scaffold . ” exists . ” cried he to the coachman . as he entered his bedroom a man was getting in by the window . revive the subject of the count , but franz announced he had something far	84.77272033691406
<unk> to tell her , and , in spite of albert ’ s demonstrations of false modesty , he informed the countess of the great event which had preoccupied them for the last three days . ! time . away , as if these words had not been intended for him . have been in england , sir ? ” he said , making a sign to the queen , who was evidently going to issue a severe order . father is not a person whose orders may be <unk> with impunity ; protected as he is by his high position and firmly established reputation for talent and <unk> <unk> , no one could oppose him ; he is all-powerful even with the king ; he would crush	117.5114517211914
you at a word . , ” said he , “ that at least it shall be my study to merit your approbation in all things , and i will take m. ali as my model . ” for going the quick way to work ! ” ” cried milady , looking at lord de winter with eyes almost starting from their sockets . said groslow , “ i thought i had succeeded better . d ’ artagnan , “ this is rather warm ; it appears that milady and i are anxious about the health of the same person . the stranger coolly , “ he must be some prince in disguise . ” the valet de chambre , entering the room , “ a dragoon has	80.85051727294922
brought this despatch from the minister of the interior . ” your latin ! ” said d ’ artagnan , who began to feel all his patience exhausted . , ” said the gascon , “ if you happen to have any money , lock it up quickly ; if you happen to have any jewels , hide them directly ; if you happen to have any <unk> , make them pay you , or any creditors , don ’ t pay them . ” tall , slim young fellow of eighteen or twenty , with black eyes , and hair as dark as a raven ’ s wing ; and his whole appearance bespoke that calmness and resolution peculiar to men accustomed from their cradle to contend	150.25901794433594
with danger . long reveries , sigh heavily and involuntarily , then suddenly rise , and , with folded arms , begin pacing the confined space of his dungeon . and excellent young man . ” but twenty years old ! ” and in this early <unk> the birds sang on the trees and the <unk> shone through the misty <unk> , like curtains of golden <unk> . his penitents passed , and as she was young and pretty aramis took off his cap to her with his most gracious smile . to dispose of all ? ” athos , “ very bad . ” mother and said , “ why do as these people ask ? ” ” said mercédès , in a tremulous voice . his	164.01844787597656
pocket , and gave them to the man who had twice unconsciously pitied him . ” before danglars , with an energy of action those can alone understand who have seen robert <unk> represented by <unk> exclaimed : , madame ? ” said monte cristo . for instance ; what does he expect to have at the end of his devotion ? ” porthos ; “ listen . ” ) room . , have made this match ? ” asked beauchamp . longer endure this conversation , which had made him bewildered . them even of the power of uttering a cry . nothing of it . ” mousqueton ; “ suppose any one came into the room . ” he abandoned the hand of this woman to	81.08761596679688
kiss her feet . , ” said comminges , “ you shall hear of this <unk> . ” in italy ? ” can i do ? carrying me off . ” the orangery , of course , in front of the pavilion where the guard is . find a good musket , twelve cartridges , and a powder flask very useless in the face of an enemy . ” king ’ s musketeers ? ” of a wretch you buried in the dungeons of the château d ’ if . provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund . by ten o ’ clock almost all the guests had dispersed ; those who were to fly with the	98.45556640625
court had the word of command and they were each <unk> desired to be from twelve o ’ clock to one at cours la reine . to question this man ; he did not wish to hear from another what he had himself said to planchet . set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement , the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law . porthos . too , m. noirtier ? ” the massive door covered with long <unk> nails , he fell into the midst of a troop of swordsmen , who crossed one another in their passage , calling out , quarreling , and playing tricks one with	226.48851013183594
another . the door , which he closed behind the child , and bolted . are arrested by the guards of the cardinal , are they ? ” continued m. de tréville , as furious at heart as his soldiers , but <unk> his words and plunging them , one by one , so to say , like so many blows of a stiletto , into the <unk> of his auditors . of hate , of ferocity , and savage impatience , that villefort turned out of the path he had been pursuing , to see upon what person this dark look was directed . you will do us the honor to tell us , ” added aramis , in his politest tone and with his most graceful	109.75282287597656
bow . ? ” this bandit to do with the order i have given the coachman to leave the city by the porta del popolo , and to re-enter by the porta san giovanni ? ” ” he repeated ; “ ‘ delirium , ’ do you say ? , under any circumstances ! ” said caderousse , who drank as he spoke , and on whom the <unk> of the wine began to take effect , — “ under any circumstances fernand is not the only person put out by the fortunate arrival of dantès ; is he , danglars ? ” to seek vampa , would you accompany me ? ” one day walking toward the church of st. leu , and followed him instinctively .	146.60276794433594
to the water ’ s edge , and below them was a boat floating on the tide . before with the baggage , and they set out on the morning of the sixteenth . count , ” he said , “ let us on with all the speed we may . the width of the table from her husband , burst into tears , and the young girls clung to their father ’ s arms . ” ’ t know ; he had enough , and set off without waiting for the rest . for your master. ’ i have no other master but you ; <unk> pretty little <unk> , my faith , is that <unk> ! _ ” sure , ” replied château-renaud ; “ the	81.38406372070312
lovely venetian , is it not ? ” the queen , blinded by her obstinacy . again before your departure ? ” ? , among the spectators was one of his eminence ’ s guardsmen , who , still irritated by the defeat of his companions , which had happened only the day before , had promised himself to seize the first opportunity of avenging it . , sweet girl you are at present , and i have great hopes that heaven will reward you by giving you emmanuel for a husband . ” to possess the knowledge you have . ” ’ said he , ‘ swear to perform what i am going to tell you , for it is a matter of the deepest importance .	101.40119171142578
’ champs-élysées . resumed bertuccio , “ your excellency may , perhaps , be able to comprehend that this place , which i revisit for the first <unk> garden , the actual scene of my <unk> have given rise to reflections of no very agreeable nature , and produced that gloom and depression of spirits which excited the notice of your excellency , who was pleased to express a desire to know the cause . and reached the goal ; but woe to those who stood in my pathway ! ” know the purpose for which i am here . ” ... .. ... ... ... ... .. ... ... .. 35 . nothing before the interests of all . ” he said , “ i will pardon	152.9891357421875
you if you tell me all . ” monseigneur ? ” , maximilian , i will follow you . ” returned monte cristo “ upon the simple condition that they should respect myself and my friends . a man of about fifty . ” de buckingham is in france , ” replied aramis , with a significant smile which gave to this sentence , apparently so simple , a tolerably scandalous meaning . heard all . take the waters of forges , or any that may be more agreeable to you , and <unk> yourself as quickly as possible . of the bottom ; she already heard morrel ’ s voice , when suddenly a cloud passed over her eyes , her stiffened foot missed the step ,	84.28324890136719
her hands had no power to hold the baluster , and falling against the wall she lost her balance wholly and <unk> to the floor . at all understand you , but i believe all you say to be true . shut in with me . ” out that she had a _fleur-de-lis_ on her shoulder ? ” cried porthos . pain and <unk> , <unk> over the dark road , in the midst of which was now seen a moving mass , <unk> and more obscure than the rest of the horizon . ” he said , “ i prefer waiting till tomorrow . said emmanuel , ‘ have the goodness to address yourself to m. delaunay . misfortune which threatened her and the <unk> in which	112.8228759765625
she was left , she broke out into sobs and tears . ! ” at these cries , all who were in the hôtel rushed out and fell upon the four companions , who on their side cried aloud , “ to the rescue , musketeers ! ” the reckoning , while d ’ artagnan and planchet stood at the street door . d ’ artagnan , getting rid of his female garments , and appearing in his shirt , “ prepare yourself to hear an incredible , an unheard-of story . ” , ” added the other . athos , “ magnificent . <unk> night . ” god reward you ! i know nothing ; i have no part to play . d ’ épinay to noirtier	96.80264282226562
, “ since you are well acquainted with all these details , which are attested by honorable signatures , <unk> you appear to take some interest in me , although you have only manifested it hitherto by causing me sorrow , refuse me not one final <unk> me the name of the president of the club , that i may at least know who killed my father . ” of selfishness , and so i always say to la carconte , when she complains , ‘ hold your tongue , woman ; it is the will of <unk> ’ ” and caderousse bowed his head with every sign of real repentance . ” he said , “ lend me twenty francs ; you will soon be paid ;	136.93038940429688
you run no risks with me . , madame , ” said he ; “ but i do not precisely recollect the date of the day . pass , the wind blew out porthos ’ s long cloak , and d ’ artagnan rushed straight into the middle of it . of beautiful , poetical , and loving women , ” said athos , after a considerable pause , raising his head , and forgetting to continue the fiction of the count . that piercing glance which <unk> the secrets of the heart . the full project gutenberg™ license as specified in paragraph 1.e.1 . island was inhabited , yet edmond felt himself alone , guided by the hand of god . , m. beauchamp , that you	105.15386199951172
are more sober than he was . ” of being the most severe , the most upright , the most rigid magistrate on the bench ? ” the concierge the notary ’ s order . it ? ” say you will see me again ? ” he asked . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ but i—i confess i have a contrary conviction . ” at brussels . ” counted , calculated a thousand and a thousand times the income and expenditure of the family for three hundred years . hours which he counted off by minutes ! her look . continued , “ withdraw a little and let me say my prayer , i beseech you . say ! small drawing-room on the first floor ,	93.3451156616211
sat down , and crossing his legs motioned to the young man to take a seat also . brought her a handkerchief from her laundress . ” , sir , ” said athos . captured ? ” he cried ; “ no , not if i can use more activity than my enemies . to slay , but it was well felt that the inclination to do so was not wanting . that is he ; how is it , sir , that you are acquainted with this man ? villefort , ” murmured the count , “ this scene must often have haunted thy sleepless hours ! ” energetic resolution , which albert did not fear on his own account , alarmed him for his mother .	93.0632553100586
complied , although not asked in the most polite terms . standing motionless before the awful sight which d ’ artagnan , in raising the shutters , had disclosed to them through the narrow opening of the window . strange names struck us ; and it immediately occurred to us that they were but pseudonyms , under which d ’ artagnan had disguised names perhaps illustrious , or else that the bearers of these borrowed names had themselves chosen them on the day in which , from caprice , discontent , or want of fortune , they had donned the simple musketeer ’ s uniform . added , “ and make yourself agreeable to monsieur la ramee , and tell him that you suit me in all respects	212.77316284179688
. ” arms readily against thieves , wolves or scoundrels , often against nobles or huguenots , sometimes against the king , but never against the cardinal or spain . your father , a man accustomed to judicial accusations , ought to have known that all these deaths have not happened naturally ; it is he who should have watched over you—he should have occupied my <unk> should have emptied that <unk> should have risen against the assassin . . he ; “ i have not the strength of mind you have , or rather that which you would not have , if instead of my daughter valentine your daughter madeleine were <unk> ” the doctor turned pale . ” returned the sailor , “ i know their	214.20486450195312
vessel . ” of that visit ? ” upon to treat that , and no other . yet dantès knew only by the number of his cell , sprang up with an agility by no means to be expected in a person of his years , and , light and steady on his feet as a <unk> or a lizard , climbed from the table to the outstretched hands of dantès , and from them to his shoulders ; then , bending double , for the ceiling of the dungeon prevented him from holding himself erect , he managed to slip his head between the upper bars of the window , so as to be able to command a perfect view from top to bottom . improper in	144.81785583496094
our conversation , my dear planchet , and no one could find fault with it . ” husband with an expression which , at any other time , would have indicated a storm , but for the second time she controlled herself . out , ” continued the count , “ a dark lantern , a bunch of false keys , a secretaire half <unk> is tolerably <unk> ” been signed three days since ; we shall find it all ready , and can sign it today . ” cried guitant . i was going to say , if your eminence had let me finish my sentence . ” from this habit that on the said first monday of april , <unk> , the citizens , on hearing	116.89434814453125
the clamor , and seeing neither the <unk> standard nor the livery of the duc de richelieu , rushed toward the <unk> of the jolly miller . ” chapter xxiii . he will find a change , i will answer for it . ” i tell you , i assure you , and you must not be angry with me , for you have sought this disclosure . concealed ; my father himself does not know who this president was , and if he knows , he can not tell you ; proper names are not in the dictionary . ” him who executed it . ” outlet , a group of about twenty persons rushed into the garden with loud exclamations of delight . much the more	115.85731506347656
annoying , as , according to the characteristic modesty of a frenchman , albert had quitted paris with the full conviction that he had only to show himself in italy to carry all before him , and that upon his return he should astonish the parisian world with the recital of his numerous <unk> . we should need clothes and arms . ” ? ” no longer here ; he appears to have fled by the window . gone ? ’ asked monsieur de cavois . ransom of that immense treasure buried under the gallery , to which one descends on pushing a spring hidden in the wall , which causes a tub to turn , revealing a <unk> not one speak of that a little , my	172.58705139160156
lord ? ” , it is of little consequence . ” those who had aided in his escape . portsmouth ? ” the four friends were all assembled with athos . and curious glance round this <unk> ; it was the first time he had ever seen mademoiselle d ’ armilly , of whom he had heard much . have been amiss , ” said porthos ; “ but it <unk> us to find it . ” for corsica , others the island of elba ; <unk> were offered to any amount that she was bound for spain ; while africa was positively reported by many persons as her intended course ; but no one thought of monte cristo . . the expedition , had taken all the	97.0936050415039
responsibility on himself ; the four sailors fixed their eyes on him , while they got out their oars and held themselves in readiness to row away , which , thanks to the darkness , would not be difficult . madame ! ” same thing . ” monsieur , ” replied the <unk> “ a little beyond <unk> ; a charming situation , in the heart of the bois de boulogne . ” to the reparation he may require ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i say this must come to an end ; murderer , as you were , of your uncle ! of the house ; i proceeded to the stable and found my horse saddled and my lackey ready . ! ”	92.30196380615234
muttered athos . away , as it is ; but , as i before said , i was anxious to get rid of them upon any terms . certain ; only i have seen things which induce me to believe , as i told you , that the future captain will find some annoyance in the vicinity of the vieilles infirmeries . ” seeing whither he went . that the matter went beyond raillery , drew his sword , saluted his adversary , and seriously placed himself on guard . ! ” i . man forgot his habitual <unk> threw himself on his father ’ s neck . enough . ” grimaud , still <unk> his accounts . ! ” at this last command all the sails were	117.59244537353516
lowered , and the vessel moved almost imperceptibly onwards . a <unk> upon the <unk> chapter of st. augustine , which he was forced to write in latin for the following week , and which preoccupied him a good deal . ” replied danglars , “ he will remain what he is ; and perhaps become even less than he is . ” noirtier . the future , he knew the <unk> a more dangerous thing . ” ” cried the countess , “ how terrible a vengeance for a fault which fatality made me commit ! —for i am the only culprit , edmond , and if you owe revenge to anyone , it is to me , who had not fortitude to bear your absence and	126.63520050048828
my solitude . ” will not understand ? ” your departure and so overcome with grief at our separation , that i am sure i was able to but very feebly express all the affection and gratitude i feel toward you . moment that it might , ” said villefort ; “ but that happiness was denied me . between two walls of rock , following a path worn by a torrent , and which , in all human probability , human foot had never before trod , dantès approached the spot where he supposed the grottos must have existed . me . ” them with an affrighted stare , recognized them , and let drop his lantern , uttering a cry of terror . a cavern to	190.30638122558594
which the <unk> palace is nothing . ” , monsieur ? ” said peppino , addressing the count , “ if you will follow me , the opening of the catacombs is close at hand . ” ” said bonacieux , <unk> a plump , round bag , which returned of sound a money ; “ what do you think of this , madame preacher ? ” said the man . fact , he is , ” said the owner . about an hour in these preparations , he opened the door of the room in which the vicomte slept , and entered . , if i could have anticipated the honor of your visit , i would have prepared for it . , <unk> , <unk> ;	61.29164123535156
then up the <unk> to strasbourg . to a close , and the curtain fell amid the loud , unanimous <unk> of an enthusiastic and delighted audience . of cardinal spada , and the will so long sought for , ” replied edmond , still incredulous . kind to me , ” replied dantès . amusing ! ” very pale ; he looked round him a second time , several members of the club were whispering , and getting their arms from under their cloaks . but his tongue refused to move . soon provided with tools and he began his task . , and fly into superhuman regions ; fear nothing , there is a watch over you ; and if your wings , like those of	173.531005859375
<unk> , melt before the sun , we are here to ease your fall . ” like a child , into the arms of his mistress ’ s father . ? ” franz , who lay wrapped in his cloak at the bottom of the boat , “ why do not those who have been plundered complain to the french , sardinian , or tuscan governments ? ” <unk> think , my dear son , you must be by this time so accustomed to france as to look upon it almost as a second country . ” it was she whom he sought . once ? ” fail to move d ’ artagnan . the abbé . work and crowded the space before the door with all the	94.47687530517578
furniture in the room , as not only to make the passage impassable , but so to block the door that by no means could it open inward . the country , half by the protection of her cousin , half through what we have personally done for her , we shall obtain from the queen what we desire . the abbé runs a chance of being wet , ” said the other ; and then there was a burst of brutal laughter . ” cried the same voice , impatiently whilst d ’ artagnan perceived that they had rushed to the horses ’ heads . compromise matters , and give up a portion of your fortune to her son ? ” aramis , “ i have had	122.44962310791016
the occasion to observe to you more than once that you are very indiscreet ; and that is <unk> to you among the women . ” you look like , all together , as you are armed and guarded by your lackeys ? ” said the cardinal . nervous trembling , and repeated the letters of the alphabet successively , until he came to m. at that letter the old man signified “ yes . ” the king comes of age he will issue his commands himself , and ’ tis far pleasanter to obey the grandson of henry iv . a journey , dear child , ” said monte cristo , with an expression of infinite tenderness and melancholy ; “ and if any misfortune should happen	138.09156799316406
to me—— ” young lady you love , and whom you perhaps believe dead but who is not ! ” cried the bandit , throwing himself upon his knees and leaning upon his <unk> he began to lose his strength with his blood . he comes back you will kill him , you are so skillful and so brave . ” the baroness , “ i thought you never put the money out to interest . ” twenty sous over , making in all seven francs , are all that i have earned , and i ought to take ten to the owner . ” that the wind has blown off my hat ? ” rendered still more solemn by the time and place , the count said	112.60627746582031
, in a tone of melancholy wholly unlike his usual manner : have lived happily amongst those good people , who adored me , but my perverse disposition prevailed over the virtues which my adopted mother endeavored to <unk> into my heart . young man . , on which were paper , pens and ink , she hastily began to write . high . ” for once he found his master . ” <unk> has suffered everything . visitor entered , and , according to custom , franz gave up his seat to him . justice by sending her to tyburn , ” said buckingham . the full project gutenberg™ license as specified in paragraph 1.e.1 . perceptible nod that he should consent . fear . ? ”	203.51022338867188
cried kitty . i have just taken , and which i will keep , madame , dare you ask for mercy for that wretch ! ” ? ” cried athos , whose vision was still rather obscured by the uncertain shades and <unk> of daybreak . taken everything ; there isn ’ t a morsel of bread in the house . ” do not wish to kill me ? ” month of april . , my dear d ’ artagnan , with what ill luck i play , ” replied porthos , with the most careless air in the world . she had wished to speak , but she had remained silent through fear of losing one of her companion ’ s words . supper , and took	76.41388702392578
his million . you are delightful , and i should like to spend a month at bragelonne . ” custom , was thinking much and saying little . ” said the countess , “ and do not be so very headstrong . priest ! ” cried the executioner . point in advance , rubbed his horse down with some heath and leaves of trees , and placed himself across the road , about two hundred paces from the camp . was alighting from his horse at the gate of the jolly miller , without <unk> , waiter , or <unk> to hold his stirrup or take his horse , d ’ artagnan <unk> , though an open window on the ground floor , a gentleman , well-made and	95.43873596191406
of good carriage , although of rather a stern countenance , talking with two persons who appeared to listen to him with respect . twilight lighted the plain . <unk> to his mustache , a last turn to his hair , brushed , from habit , the brim of his hat with the sleeve of his doublet , and went downstairs . maintain , ” said the cardinal , “ that the duke of buckingham came to paris for a project wholly political . ” albert , but it caused lucien to shorten his visit ; he was evidently ill at ease . a man double his age ? ” interrupted tréville . was heard , and valentine fled through the avenue . , my sister . the	129.1010284423828
ladder , closed the window . , sir ; it was to fulfil the last instructions of captain leclere , who , when dying , gave me a packet for marshal <unk> . ” ? ” said milady ; “ oh , my god ! truly royal escort . ” know no one , ” said the major . château came to me yesterday to beg for leave of absence , in order to take a trip to <unk> for a week . contents into the ashes , which she disturbed that they might the more readily absorb the liquid ; then she carefully rinsed the glass , and wiping it with her handkerchief replaced it on the table . to the abbé ; i shall hold him	109.66326141357422
responsible for his <unk> ’ <unk> misconduct , and i shall soon know all about this assassination . said madame de chevreuse , hastily . , who had now again become the friend and protector of mercédès , led the girl to her home , while some friends of dantès conducted his father , nearly lifeless , to the allées de meilhan . m. de villefort ’ s promise ; and , besides , death in a boat from the hand of a gendarme seemed too terrible . of delight , taking from beneath one of the benches a bottle of wine ; and on looking more closely in the same place he discovered a dozen similar bottles , bread , and a monster <unk> of <unk> beef	146.9295196533203
. journey . ” bethune , who has just been brought in here , assassinated by spaniards , and who is now being confessed by an augustine friar . ” send into our court , which monsieur de mazarin crosses on his way to the orangery , the two guards who attend him . ” . ” third day . you were about to read , monsieur aramis , and which you so promptly concealed ? ” some time since , as the insolent dandy who so gracefully mounted his horse in the champs-élysées . ” impulse , it was neither to her mother nor her brother that she applied , but to emmanuel . understanding of what was passing around me . house , leaving your jewels	134.21969604492188
and giving up your <unk> , and everyone ’ s mouth will be filled with praises of your disinterestedness . , is vacant , and although ’ tis a year since monsieur de tréville has left it , it has not been filled . ” i throw my lasso , and as i now know in which part of the cellar is the best wine , that ’ s my point for sport . all my wife ’ s fault . ” said the queen ; “ i will follow you . ” we had intended doing three days <unk> off . ” , most capital , ” responded porthos . sometimes solicit it without being able to obtain it . very little heed of the eloquent discourse	132.70755004882812
of m. bazin ; and as he had no desire to support a <unk> discussion with his friend ’ s valet , he simply moved him out of the way with one hand , and with the other turned the handle of the door of number five . ask is of us two alone , and i very earnestly wish that it may not be interrupted . ” a note for his duchess , ordering us to put it in the post . go and speak to him myself. ” morrel went out , called baptistin , and whispered a few words to him . opposite to him descended first , then he was ordered to alight and the gendarmes on each side of him followed his example	138.39077758789062
. that since we are to save the king ? me at leghorn , you can leave me there , and i will pay you out of the first wages i get , for my food and the clothes you lend me . ” what became of him , and the share he had in edmond ’ s misfortunes ? ” add that morrel departed almost at the same time . he was somewhat to blame in all that business and we may console ourselves with the reflection that france has no cause of reproach in the matter and did all she could to serve him . ” . . down the plan of campaign , ” said porthos . replied d ’ artagnan ; “ that is	82.84056091308594
exactly what i want . ” vengeance she <unk> by the light of the flashes which her tempestuous passion <unk> over her mind against mme . ” said monte cristo ; “ i shall content myself with being presented to your sister and her husband , if you will do me the honor to introduce me ; but i can not accept the offer of anyone of these gentlemen , since my habitation is already prepared . ” , hearing no news of her lover , had come unobserved to inquire after him . be really true ? ” said dantès , quitting the helm , “ i shall be of some use to you , at least during the voyage . stabbed you ? ” first place	93.11536407470703
, they transfer from the vessel to their own boat whatever they think worth taking , then they bind the crew hand and foot , they attach to everyone ’ s neck a <unk> ball , a large hole is <unk> in the vessel ’ s bottom , and then they leave her . porthos , “ mouston , of course . ” not mine , and i can not reveal it in this manner . ” ’ s horse and winter on that of the king ; then winter took his place at the head of the first squadron , and the king , with athos on his right and aramis on his left , at the head of the second . his head was bent down	100.0861587524414
, his arms were powerless . . , when he drew from his pocket a book closed with a lock , and opened it with a key which he wore round his neck , and which never left him . , and bore no evidence of having been visited since he went away ; his treasure was just as he had left it . that , ” replied château-renaud ; “ he is one of the most extraordinary men i ever saw in my life . for a statue . said he ; “ i go at once . ” once rushed at the two youths , leaving the three others to complete the plunder of the dead or wounded travelers ; for on approaching nearer , instead	88.9773941040039
of one extended figure , the young men discovered two . and went up to the window , which was without shutters , but had the <unk> closely drawn . use of your shoulder , friend porthos , if this door proves to be locked . use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever . rough stones , among which , to give strength to the structure , <unk> of <unk> stone were at intervals <unk> . certainty when franz saw the bouquet ( conspicuous by a circle of white camellias ) in the hand of a charming harlequin dressed in rose-colored satin . planchet . at any of the windows .	251.55335998535156
my escape by this means , i examined the grounds . witness the silent agony , the mute despair of noirtier , whose tears silently rolled down his cheeks . felton , covering that hand with his kisses . guilty , sire , the guilty shall be placed in your majesty ’ s hands , who will dispose of them at your good pleasure . the gate ; if by chance the musketeers should appear , the carriage was to set off as fast as possible , pass around the convent , and go and wait for milady at a little village which was situated at the other side of the wood . . ” arabs of rome , more fortunate than those of paris , understand every	143.61305236816406
language , more especially the french , they heard the traveller order an apartment , a dinner , and finally inquire the way to the house of thomson & french . in <unk> . ! ” replied the gascon . leave , sir ? ” the <unk> procureur , who has just lost his daughter , and in fact nearly all his family , in so singular a manner ; morcerf dishonored and dead ; and then myself covered with ridicule through the <unk> of benedetto ; <unk> ” go to england a second time ; i will go and find buckingham . ” i ’ faith , ” said gondy , laughing ; “ but i have , you must know , always had , in spite	102.18074798583984
of my bands , warlike <unk> . ” colossal pie with the duke ’ s arms on it , and seemingly cooked to a turn , as far as one could judge by the golden color which illuminated the crust . some secret , implacable , and mortal enemy ! with the most exquisite sweetness and politeness , madame de morcerf replied : ” to him ; with his usual quickness he caught the anxious glance . being surprised in such a paroxysm of grief . them , and you appeared to appreciate them like a judge . contrary , they wished to assassinate him . traces of poison ? ” lovers he had anticipated after the return of madame de saint-méran and the death of the marquis	160.94677734375
, that something would occur at m. de villefort ’ s in connection with his attachment for valentine . nothing for nothing . ” —are you sure , albert ? ” so ? ” an englishman ? ” , rascal ? ” asked comminges . , the hilt of the lieutenant ’ s sword was caught in the grating and he was obliged to pull off his cloak ; in doing so he showed the butt end of his pistols and a ray of the moon was reflected on the shining metal . be reassured on that point . . charles , “ call me your father . ” not for me ? know there is a young woman whom i love , and that i believed that	101.60984802246094
woman dead ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . a deposit , on a <unk> , which is an advance , as you see , since we gain at least ten , fifteen , twenty , or a hundred livres ’ worth of iron in exchange for our money . you , make you sign a flaming parchment , <unk> your soul to him as <unk> did his <unk> ? ” ! ” he again fainted . , my dear fellow , ” said château-renaud , “ i can not imagine what objection you can possibly have to mademoiselle <unk> is , setting aside her want of <unk> and somewhat inferior rank , which by the way i don ’ t think you care very much about .	110.7703857421875
to do nothing , since you exacted a promise from these gentlemen not to let mazarin know that we were in france . ” ! ” it is to see a thing on which i have sometimes <unk> for hours together . ” ” courage to come down again . ” this strange familiarity . chair , passed his hand over his brow , moist with perspiration , and , for the third time , read the letter . , the poor girl extended her arms to him , and believed herself safe ; but carlini felt his heart sink , for he but too well knew the fate that awaited her . a man of no name , who will only be the tool of a party	97.81746673583984
in france . pope , has made him a knight of jesus christ for the services he rendered to the christians in the east ; he has five or six rings as testimonials from eastern monarchs of his services . ” ” continued caderousse , “ and capital offers , too ; but you know , you will be captain , and who could refuse you then ? ” , his life must have become a hateful burden , nor would he have participated in your griefs . sir . ” . woman inside drew a second handkerchief from her pocket , and exchanged it for that which had just been shown to her . ? ” cried the lieutenant . banditti , ” said debray . of	130.27337646484375
him ? ” ” said he , “ tell me what is the matter with me . those exercises in which monte cristo excelled . —no , not yet , ” he cried ; “ do not forsake me ! here , ” replied the concierge ; “ but—— ” added he , glancing an inquiring look at ali . , has escaped the vigilance of his guardians at bourges , and has returned to spain by the <unk> frontier . him with their agile swords . out of the louvre , and consulted his friends upon the use he had best make of his share of the forty pistoles , athos advised him to order a good repast at the pomme-de-pin , porthos to engage a lackey	132.69894409179688
, and aramis to provide himself with a suitable mistress . hour . make <unk> a vow in your presence , to employ all that remains to me in pious works . ” parents are unknown . ” , and then drew back as if she had seen a serpent . to this , du vallon ? ” waves and the sight of the sharp rocks announced the approach of death , and death then terrified me , and i used all my skill and intelligence as a man and a sailor to struggle against the wrath of god . thou wilt be hung . ” extraordinary ascendancy monte cristo exercised over everything around him , did not endeavor to resist it . t know where he is	130.6640625
. ” more bewildered , let grimaud loose and took the note . in these <unk> efforts , considering my labor well repaid if , by <unk> i had contrived to carry away a square inch of this <unk> cement , changed by ages into a substance <unk> as the stones themselves ; then to conceal the mass of earth and <unk> i dug up , i was compelled to break through a staircase , and throw the fruits of my labor into the hollow part of it ; but the well is now so completely choked up , that i scarcely think it would be possible to add another handful of dust without leading to discovery . ” said he . will not recover your liberty through	227.16558837890625
me ; living , you will not lose your life through me . ” , ” said the governor , <unk> , “ that we are not content in such cases as this with such a simple examination . ” said the duke , “ a proof of his connection with buckingham . ” that his lieutenant was incapable of jesting with regard to the service , obeyed without a word , although he thought the order strange . bent <unk> had not seen the italian ’ s smile ; but finding that her question elicited no reply she looked up . the rue dauphine , he perceived his carriage , awoke his sleeping coachman by opening the door himself , threw himself on the cushions , and	124.62869262695312
pointed towards the faubourg saint-honoré ; the carriage drove on . amazement ; athos and aramis looked at one another and smiled ; they knew d ’ artagnan , and knew that he did nothing without a purpose . noirtier ’ s gaze followed him , and his eyes appeared of such a fiery brightness that villefort felt them pierce to the depths of his heart . he , pointing to the bodies , “ can not hear us . ” said madame danglars ; “ but you began a sentence , sir , and did not finish . ” most men who have passed twenty years of age . freely than he had done for some time . that he would not go ; but he could	90.52156066894531
not resist his love of sport , and set out after dinner . ” , ” he replied , “ of the old man of the mountain , who attempted to assassinate philippe <unk> ? ” ” resumed faria with a bitter smile , “ let me answer your question in full , by acknowledging that i am the poor mad prisoner of the château d ’ if , for many years permitted to amuse the different visitors with what is said to be my insanity ; and , in all probability , i should be promoted to the honor of making sport for the children , if such innocent beings could be found in an abode devoted like this to suffering and despair . ” you ,	154.91702270507812
my <unk> ” monte cristo expected a burst of passion , but he was deceived , for morrel turning round , said calmly , — indeed have found yourself in wondrous peril to have undertaken so strange a commission ! ” there ? ” asked the count . said to himself , “ would spoil all ; d ’ artagnan , my friend , prove to this young serpent that thou art not only stronger , but more subtle than he is . ” morcerf , “ he said something about it to me . ” first to recover from his surprise . london , ” continued the cardinal . the queen , shaking her head . toward athos : by that question ? ” ” exclaimed she	93.71371459960938
; “ and to whom am i indebted for so happy a termination to my late dreadful alarm ? ” voice , the tone of which was at once polished and jeering , “ this is nothing but a butchery of horses and not a combat between men . , he renewed his offers of an engagement to dantès ; but dantès , who had his own projects , would not agree for a longer time than three months . filled with kourchid ’ s troops ; that is to say , with our enemies . wished to ascertain , or , rather , all the englishman appeared to know . him , and who , with the same precautions and the same good luck , conducted him	149.19337463378906
out of the louvre . noirtier ’ s intelligent eye . ? ” her lover desired ; she was mad . reason , monsieur , ” continued maximilian , “ of my sister and brother-in-law having only 25,000 francs a year . ” last long . , ” said athos , palpitating . beauchamp haughtily , “ there are occasions when probity <unk> ” albert , at first with a tremulous voice , but which gradually became firmer , “ i reproached you with exposing the conduct of m. de morcerf in epirus , for guilty as i knew he was , i thought you had no right to punish him ; but i have since learned that you had that right . pass not ten minutes before	139.20025634765625
; and assured that he was at the catalans , they sat down under the <unk> foliage of the <unk> and sycamores , in the branches of which the birds were singing their welcome to one of the first days of spring . the person who let down the ladder . by the lining of the trench , till they came within a hundred paces of the bastion . aramis , “ nothing . ” ” dear beauchamp , thank you for the excellent feeling which <unk> your advice ; but it can not be . the count ; “ i will give you three months ere i join you ; you see i make an ample allowance for all delays and difficulties . it me ! ”	92.6659164428711
undecided . cavalcanti , “ i know that lake fusaro alone supplies lampreys of that size . ” you pay attention to the usages of the world . with their bodies literally ploughed with wounds . my blessing for my children and with the sentiments of my soul for yourself , my dearest <unk> . ” , a custom familiar to him . satisfied with its contents . at friquet and recognized the little chorister of the rue de la <unk> . ? ” seen the count take something in my house , if only an ice . cardinal . ” benedetto was about five or six , our neighbor wasilio , who , according to the custom of the country , never locked up his purse or	155.98284912109375
his <unk> , as your excellency knows , there are no thieves in <unk> that he had lost a louis out of his purse ; we thought he must have made a mistake in counting his money , but he persisted in the accuracy of his statement . second , or rather this first king of france , became desirous that he , too , should have his guard . , lose sight of milady , and in a mirror he perceived the change that came over her face . , madame , and nothing more , ” replied the count . in the room , was it not , count ? ” she asked . sire , to intercede for her with your majesty . ” along	100.99560546875
the alley , where a number of tracks like those which had trampled down the <unk> , were visible . so direct when you know that he <unk> me ? ” had not been taken ; the people , believing that he had escaped by some back entrance , retired and left him at liberty to retreat . want ? ” and she fell full length on the floor . not yet gone to paris , they will not arrive till after you . ” gaetano had related this previous to proposing the expedition , franz would have hesitated , but now that they had started , he thought it would be cowardly to draw back . priest you wish to pray with valentine ? ” asked d	121.15596008300781
’ avrigny . the drawing-room by another door . i first heard you spoken of by my friend wilmore , the <unk> . am <unk> ” a more submissive slave than myself ? as though she would spring from her chair , but villefort stopped , and clasped his hands as if to implore her attention . without any <unk> . ” gives notice to these gentlemen , ” replied barrois , “ that he will give orders to be carried to the drawing-room . ” the amount . ” francs on account . ” lord de winter , ” said felton , with a gloomy smile . d ’ artagnan . ” said athos , bowing low , “ if the lives of three men can purchase	71.97381591796875
yours , madame . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i am one of his most faithful servants . ” of precaution , i see , my dear madame coquenard , ” said porthos , <unk> the hand of the procurator ’ s wife tenderly . not been in such a hurry , he might have had his <unk> . ” was opened , and having questioned the servant the officer learned that master broussel was at home and at dinner . today , the price would have fallen to <unk> , and instead of gaining 300,000 francs , he would have lost 20 or 25,000 . ” and beauty which many duchesses would have purchased with their <unk> . carlini , ‘ if i have done	74.68669891357422
wrongly , avenge her ; ’ and withdrawing the knife from the wound in rita ’ s bosom , he held it out to the old man with one hand , while with the other he tore open his vest . the name of a town . in equal proportions , and formed into pills . he saw behind him la carconte , paler and trembling more than ever . , what i foresaw has come to pass . ” nine o ’ clock , in the day at one o ’ clock , and in the evening at eight . to be dead , or at least insensible , and went toward him for the purpose of taking the order ; but the moment he extended his	103.02082061767578
hand to search for it , the wounded man , who had not dropped his sword , plunged the point into d ’ artagnan ’ s breast , crying , “ one for you ! ” the fowl timidly , and shuddered when he felt the knee of the procurator ’ s wife under the table , as it came in search of his . of milady ; that was most probable . blaisois ; “ covet the goods of your neighbor ? poets that such things happen , ” said athos , gravely . on the contrary , you will give me great pleasure . been there , i don ’ t say—— ” , my dear athos ! ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and	62.57386779785156
that comes very ill from you , who have never loved . ” , ” he added , bowing his head , “ you know <unk> are my judge on earth , as the almighty is in heaven ; have you for me no words of consolation ? ” your eminence . ” inform you sooner of this circumstance . ” that , d ’ artagnan , ” said athos , coolly . his dagger and stopped . say that , sir ? you have life before you , my dear albert , for you are yet scarcely twenty-two years old ; and as a pure heart like yours wants a spotless name , take my father ’ <unk> was <unk> . ” ” sir , ” replied	76.27165985107422
dantès . said the sergeant , “ it is not permitted to stop here . ” plan was formed . must remember that monsieur de chavigny is governor of vincennes , ” continued la ramee , “ and that monsieur de chavigny is not friendly to monsieur de beaufort . ” dantès , ” replied the young man calmly ; “ i am mate of the _pharaon_ , belonging to messrs. morrel & son . ” been so long restrained from a feeling of respect to the court of justice , now burst forth like thunder from the breasts of all present ; the court itself did not seek to restrain the feelings of the audience . join the princes ! ” they entered her chamber she was	91.30978393554688
still in bed . the king . ” already told you that if you ever call me anything but chevalier i will break every bone in your body . longer either throne or husband ; she has neither son , money nor friends ; the whole world , my poor child , has abandoned your mother ! ” and she fell back , weeping , into her daughter ’ s arms . ” said planchet , “ he was fond of <unk> truth , he drank , but not as other men drink . all about it , ” replied mousqueton . and looked at me . seriously , eugénie ! ” ; he is traveling on business and will return ere long . ’ artagnan series i	130.16358947753906
am there . ” ” said danglars , pushing caderousse with his knee . this , then , ” said porthos stretching out his hand to assure himself whether a chill sensation he felt on his cheek was not really caused by a drop of rain . behind the jeweller . ” in summer . favor to bring us some spanish wine and then to withdraw . soon appeared to become earnest ; for when albert and franz again encountered the carriage with the <unk> , the one who had thrown the violets to albert , clapped her hands when she beheld them in his button-hole . to us , <unk> i say it ? —to you also . ” he made a sign with his head ,	133.5924835205078
went into the anteroom , and seated himself . the window , and pretended not to hear the door as it opened . had disturbed me during my year of constant agony came back with double force . have but little interest for you , accustomed as you are to behold the pleasures and the misfortunes of the wealthy and industrious ; but such as we are , we have experienced bitter sorrows . ” ; the spring has been warm this year , and strawberries require heat , sir . of inexpressible terror , sat down without uttering a word . you going to do ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ you will be shot . ” full project gutenberg license please read this before	136.84181213378906
you distribute or use this work speak of me in any way ? ” ! eyes over that unfortunate city , which contained so much deep misery and so many heroic virtues , and recalling the saying of louis <unk> , his political predecessor , as he himself was the predecessor of robespierre , he repeated this maxim of <unk> ’ s gossip : “ divide in order to reign . ” nor did he attempt to check the tears which flowed down the cheeks of mercédès , although for each of these tears he would have shed his heart ’ s blood ; but these tears flowed for another . , ” said <unk> “ yes , grief , doctor ! arm , i looked around ,	210.56761169433594
but all was dark ; and it seemed to me as if the rain must have penetrated through the flooring of the room above , for some kind of moisture appeared to fall , drop by drop , upon my forehead , and when i passed my hand across my brow , i felt that it was wet and <unk> . on those , ” replied mazarin ; “ let us pass on to private and personal <unk> . ” my lord , ” said the young man . extraordinary , ” said château-renaud ; “ still , what i admire the most , i confess , is the marvellous promptitude with which your orders are executed . ? ” then he added aloud , “ did he	83.59202575683594
make any resistance ? ” the duchess , “ upon my word , you frighten me . ” ? ” ” said porthos ; “ pass the pen to aramis , who writes theses in latin . ” the entrance , darted through it , carefully drawing the stone over the opening , and hurried to his cell . terrible laugh , threw his torch into the sea and plunged in after it . my head toward you , your beautiful hair touch my cheek ; and every time that it touched me i trembled from head to foot . mean to remain long in paris ? ” asked andrea . his senses . d ’ artagnan , laughing , “ porthos will pay you with the money	92.10025024414062
of the duchess coquenard . ” my life , ” thought d ’ artagnan , “ in seeking for a man who is really contented with his lot . ” the unanimous answer . in this action ; there was courage ; the south was <unk> , and to assist , even on his death-bed , the father of so dangerous a bonapartist as dantès , was <unk> as a crime . perceived that the top of a wardrobe and the marble of a commode were covered with empty bottles . door ; this time milady really pushed him away from her . old , and he knew that all these complaints were but a <unk> sort of <unk> to encourage <unk> that he had now come to	113.59600830078125
his point at last . times—the ordinary signal of lovers ; but nobody replied to him , not even an echo . louis xviii. , “ i command you to speak . ” he cried . so . ” aware that the second act of _parisina_ opens with the celebrated and effective duet in which <unk> , while sleeping , betrays to <unk> the secret of her love for <unk> . with one already prepared , ” said villefort , entering the room . a sign of the cross with the bottle in his hand . of hearing his own voice ; he had tried to speak when alone , but the sound of his voice terrified him . ” exclaimed albert , “ what can there possibly	115.03740692138672
be in that to excite uneasiness ? descended , as pale as though he had issued from his tomb instead of his carriage . like the one mercédès desired , that she turned away to give vent to a sigh , which sounded more like a groan . to do with this milady ? ” d ’ artagnan to athos , “ your king has thoroughly taken me , and i am quite at his service . ” , it was not yours , then . ” ” cried a hostler , running out and looking after the stranger , “ monsieur , here is a paper which dropped out of your hat ! his <unk> being nearly of the same size as aramis , and as aramis	98.23717498779297
was so <unk> paid by the publisher who purchased his poem as to allow him to buy everything double , he sold his friend a complete outfit . , i swear to you he did . advanced as that , my dear countess , ” returned franz , “ i can not deny that we have abused his good nature all day . ” auteuil do you reside ? ” my advice , valentine ? ” know how to write , reverend sir . ” my man was going to fire a pistol at me ; but <unk> did you get rid of yours ? ” , the abduction is an accomplished fact , ” replied eugénie . repeat , the longest head of the four , and	114.49836730957031
for my part i declare that i will obey him . his hand across his brow . like , but we will not . ” be alone . ” . which he had become acquainted with valentine , and how he had loved her , and that valentine , in her solitude and her misfortune , had accepted the offer of his devotion . other bank the executioner raise both his arms slowly ; a <unk> fell upon the blade of the large sword . to porthos at the moment in which he was attacked in his <unk> hopes , inspired much gratitude in the musketeer toward the procurator ’ s wife . . silence would be followed by a fiery outburst . ? ” said porthos .	88.99288177490234
a hundred times , fernand , and really you must be very stupid to ask me again . ” porthos and aramis were posted as to the situation . you belong to the house , and in a fit of passion might run his sword through you or blow out your brains . ” ; the king , the duc d ’ angoulême ; and the cardinal , m. de schomberg . gnawed ! ” ? ” the swiss to yield to him the disputed chamber ; the swiss refused by shaking his head , and drew his sword . to this hallucination that d ’ artagnan traveled , at whatever pace his horse pleased , the six or eight leagues that separated chantilly from crèvecœur , without	135.6223907470703
his being able to remember on his arrival in the village any of the things he had passed or met with on the road . ? beaufort come . ” ’ aubigne is very charming ! ” is now my turn to dress myself . ’ ones he had so often thought of was thinking of him , and striving to diminish the distance that separated them . beautiful vessel ? ” of the line ; then all the superior officers approached him to pay their compliments , m. dessessart , captain of the guards , as well as the others . person be who has taken it into his head to wrap himself up in a blue coat embroidered with green ? ” his <unk> ” five	138.2342071533203
o ’ clock and be in time , but the delay may cause your friend to pass an uneasy night , and therefore we had better go with all speed to extricate him from the hands of the <unk> . compromise me a little , ” said monsieur de comminges , with a smile , “ still make your demand . house , they found the ground cut up , as if a considerable body of horsemen had preceded them . monte cristo , “ your words <unk> and <unk> my heart , the more so as you have every reason to hate me . distribute this work in any binary , compressed , marked up , nonproprietary or proprietary form , including any word processing or hypertext	150.85337829589844
form . all probability i shall not be able to undergo the fatigues of the siege of la rochelle , and that it would be far better that you should appoint there either monsieur de condé , monsieur de <unk> , or some valiant gentleman whose business is war , and not me , who am a churchman , and who am constantly turned aside for my real vocation to look after matters for which i have no aptitude . visitors ashamed of theirs , and i don ’ t like to humiliate people . ” who was passing through the streets which led from the louvre to the hôtel de ville , and which were all illuminated with colored lanterns . an idea of the perfect change	160.4643096923828
that had taken place . been with the object of her visit , the treatment she had received from these underlings appeared to her so insulting , that she began by complaining of it . duc de beaufort , armed , in the field ? ” villefort , “ i do not lose a single word . ” mother ’ s <unk> poor mother ! ” cried the major , taking a third biscuit . ; when he saw franz , the servant came up to him . , he has a good understanding with the shepherds in the plains , the fishermen of the tiber , and the smugglers of the coast . cause which procures me the pleasure of seeing m. de morcerf so early ?	89.05362701416016
” , for it is a family inheritance ; both my father and grandfather died of it in a third attack . you were the chief ? ” ; but if your reason for inquiry is that you may procure a window to view it from , you are much too late . ” was about to close the gates , but seeing such a handsome equipage he fancied that it was some visit of importance and the carriage was allowed to pass and to stop beneath the porch . <unk> ! ” more ! rogliano , neither have i since that day either seen or heard anything concerning him . to the society , forgetting in his perfectly juvenile good faith that he had fed this society	184.8845977783203
for a month ; and he set his mind actively to work . . ’ efforts , and one of them cried in italian , “ courage ! ” the background , ” said porthos , “ and he will advance alone . ” aramis , “ how did you manage it ? ” in god ? ” said caderousse . little sleep , and i do not suppose you are very much inclined for it <unk> ” bertuccio bowed , and resumed his story . now ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . protector , the steward , that she and he might be present amongst the servants of the house . forest the light could scarcely penetrate through the foliage , and the <unk> of two	72.42083740234375
old oak trees , the refuge of the <unk> , startled by the travelers , were in deep shadow . d ’ artagnan looked or listened with avidity . . ” silence , which proved that the cardinal was employed in seeking the terms in which he should write the note , or else in writing it . which you will find waiting at the porte de <unk> , as you enter nice ; pass through turin , chambéry , and pont-de-beauvoisin . strong than he , had attempted what he had not had sufficient resolution to undertake , and had failed only because of an error in calculation . him . ! ” said grimaud , who had not spoken a word . him to find you	139.85459899902344
here . ” monsieur . , that have faded from the <unk> ; do they not seem to say , with their pale lips and staring eyes , ‘ we have seen ’ ? ” word of honor . ” that letter was everything . about for a minute or two , mme . the effect that the owners of the _pharaon_ had promised to attend the nuptial feast ; but all seemed unanimous in doubting that an act of such rare and exceeding condescension could possibly be intended . man who , on the morning of the day when general quesnel disappeared , presented himself at his house . ” bandits ? ” said franz , calculating the chances of peril . , since it has stood	150.81094360351562
five years of prison , with monsieur de chavigny to boot , ’ tis excellent ! ” continued maximilian , “ i will seek m. franz d ’ <unk> am happy to be able to mention this in mademoiselle de villefort ’ s <unk> will conduct myself toward him so as to compel him to challenge me. ” noirtier ’ s look continued to interrogate . without ? this <unk> ? _ ” inquired aramis . ” replied villefort , in a voice now scarcely human . that question , ” said château-renaud , “ for none of us has seen him . ” ! ” astonishment at the sight of their visitor ’ s emotion , and wondered to see the large tears silently chasing each other	107.18657684326172
down his otherwise stern and immovable features ; but they felt the <unk> of his grief , and kindly refrained from questioning him as to its cause , while , with instinctive delicacy , they left him to indulge his sorrow alone . i request it . ” to see , if possible , what he thought of this proposal . to me alone ? ” said the marquis . ridicule of this , and took it for a piece of simplicity , at which he laughed in his large mustache . the opera , the <unk> , or the <unk> ; i purchased mine at constantinople ; it cost me more , but i have nothing to fear . ” as the yard . a sword in	124.21771240234375
his hand , and sees a mortal enemy within reach of that sword , and does not fight , is a coward ! the marrow at hearing this <unk> creature reproach him , with that sharp voice which she took such pains to conceal in conversation , for not having killed a man whom he had seen load her with kindnesses . yours , then ? ” , not perhaps in the best taste , but characteristic of d ’ artagnan , whose principal object was to divert his opponent ’ s attention , mordaunt did not reply , but continuing to turn around he succeeded in changing places with d ’ artagnan . piece of bread ; the jailer entered and placed the bread on the table	166.92755126953125
. andrea stopped his horse , and caderousse leaped out . athos ; “ monsieur aramis does me the honor to share my opinions . ” taken possession of him than he became more composed , arranged his couch to the best of his power , ate little and slept less , and found existence almost supportable , because he felt that he could throw it off at pleasure , like a worn-out <unk> . the musketeer , in irreproachable costume , <unk> as usual , with a tolerably firm step , entered the cabinet . , to make a good appearance , to be a good gamester , and to pay in cash . , ” replied the duke , “ and it is the cardinal who	132.36715698242188
has dealt this blow . preparations for raoul ’ s departure and was seeking to gain time . have but to say the word , and i will spare you all uneasiness by presenting my letter of credit to one or other of these two <unk> . ” athos . men ! ” said milady ; “ please to remember that he who shall touch a hair of my head is himself an assassin . ” tree till they arrived at twenty steps from the house unperceived and saw by means of a lantern suspended under a hut , four fine horses . to drink ; i give you my word . ” am not a baron by birth , my real name is , at least ,	128.4797821044922
danglars . ” ? ” you , day by day , your actions from your entrance to the service of the cardinal to this evening . ” my husband would be at home , i hastened hither . ” and pray begin at the beginning ; i like order in everything . ” received his congratulations with the air of a man conscious that they are merited . ” said monsieur de retz ; “ they are looking at us. ” and leaving aramis he went to talk with madame de chevreuse , who was in the midst of a large group . , time brings round opportunity ; opportunity is the <unk> of man . the young man , bowing ; “ i can refuse nothing asked	104.9596939086914
of me thus . a spit , and rushed into the chamber occupied by the two friends . ” said porthos ; “ true , i had forgotten it ! ” murmured the baroness . into the bedchamber ; it was a model of taste and simple elegance . towards me that you now ask at my hands ? champs-élysées just now , worthy foster-father . ” andrea . who durst presume to doubt his words with the look of one equally surprised and displeased . ! ” cried the young man , whose <unk> breath at times , when his head went under water , under the wave , exhaled and made the icy waters <unk> . his part , entered boldly at the principal gate .	129.00601196289062
brave guitant , whatsoever command i may give you in that <unk> <unk> i may order you to do , will you not perform it ? ” and what do you want ? ” cried she . your dispatches , written or verbal , and return by post ; and when he shall know what you have done , he will advise what you have to do . ” ? ” a thing that he had not before <unk> nothing had led him to the <unk> the ground , trampled here and <unk> there , presented confused traces of men and horses . honest man who entertains neither love nor hatred for anybody . , at half-past ten in the morning , rue du helder , no .	143.66531372070312
for a moment ; with this red handkerchief on my head , with scarcely any shoes , no papers , and ten gold <unk> in my pocket , without reckoning what was there <unk> in all about two hundred francs , —why , i should certainly be arrested at the barriers . to carry me to some place where i may see a priest or take the trouble to send one to me here . avrigny ’ s glance met noirtier ’ s eye . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ for i believe if he does not pay us , we shall be well enough paid by another party . ” , messalina , those three celebrated <unk> . ” that he discovered through three	101.82311248779297
or four rather frivolous adventures , that the count , like himself , had a secret to hide in the depths of his heart . soldiers . ” the little staircase , instead of passing through the ante-chamber where d ’ artagnan was waiting . ” said milady . fancied she saw the luminous eye of the <unk> eye which lived in her memory , and the recollection overwhelmed her with so much shame that she asked herself whether any amount of gratitude could ever repay his adventurous and devoted friendship . this question was addressed drew from an inlaid secretaire a small portfolio with a lock , in which she counted twenty-three bank-notes . albert , staring . the handwriting was disguised . ” who travels for	184.74314880371094
his pleasure . ” —a fearful misfortune . ” , though not so many as is said ; but these thieves stand in far more dread of a policeman than a lord . put in a dungeon . ” , my dear viscount ? ” said monte cristo , wiping his hands on the <unk> which ali had brought him ; “ i must occupy my leisure moments in some way or other . by monsieur voiture that monsieur l ’ abbé is repeating to me. ” said athos in a loud voice , “ and i confess i think it incomparable . ” exclaimed ; “ you ! not desert , ” said the king ; “ he can always be found , as tréville says .	124.67677307128906
does not please me at all ; it is too gracious . ” t budge , then ; if they come , tell them what has happened . , ” continued the cardinal , perceiving d ’ artagnan ’ s composure , “ that , as i have told you , the welfare of the state is placed in your hands . ” the inquiry , turned back . mind to take a wife from paris . ” uniform <unk> was not <unk> at that epoch of less liberty but more <unk> a <unk> doublet , a little faded and worn , and over this a magnificent baldric , worked in gold , which shone like water <unk> in the sun . dantès , “ how long shall	87.33467102050781
i have to wait ? ” are you ? ” if mademoiselle danglars , instead of being called <unk> , had been named mademoiselle <unk> danglars ; what a fine effect that would have produced on the announcement of her marriage ! ” thank you , my good friends , both in my own name and the queen ’ s . ” not altogether impossible he might have had , for he made me promise several times never to speak of that letter to anyone , assuring me he so advised me for my own interest ; and , more than this , he insisted on my taking a solemn oath never to utter the name mentioned in the address . ” this <unk> politeness , the countenances	129.0126495361328
of the women betrayed a certain amount of uneasiness ; louvieres became very pale and waited impatiently for the officer to explain himself . ” said the voice . that a report of the king ’ s intention to leave paris by night had been circulated . father , who brought his daughter ’ s ransom in person . said d ’ artagnan , handing the letter to him , “ this time , at least , you are sure of your title of baron , and i of my captaincy . ” added d ’ artagnan , “ that whenever i catch him i will kill him , this mordaunt . ” perfect order ; each register had its number , each file of papers its place	99.58297729492188
. to resume the cassock . i swear to you that you are as safe here as you were twenty years , <unk> , athos , in the rue <unk> , and you , aramis , in the rue de vaugirard . ” , madame ? ” said d ’ artagnan . his vengeance by a long and tortuous path , he saw an abyss of doubt yawning before him . doctor ? ” exclaimed villefort ; “ where is he ? ” monte cristo “ i perfectly recollect him ; i think he was your colleague . ” thing is more clear to me than that <unk> is to you . to our sorrows , which you couldn ’ t share without crime , you alone among	67.42109680175781
us have discovered what we were searching for in vain . madame de villefort , “ they have again discovered the secret of the famous _aqua tofana_ that they said was lost at perugia . ” to them his majesty ’ s fixed intention to open the campaign on the first of may , and they must immediately prepare their outfits . signify ; he has a letter of credit on me , so i must see him when he requires his money . ” baroness , turning towards her daughter , “ this is the count of monte cristo . ” is at last ! ” said d ’ artagnan , as he drew the letter from his pocket . , ” he cried , as he	70.74803161621094
entered ; “ i have hired a <unk> <unk> , as light as a canoe , as easy on the wing as any swallow . the cardinal ’ s gallows . ” with a rapid glance . the river the three men perceived that they were followed , turned around , and looking <unk> at the frenchmen , passed some jests from one to another . father ! ” cried the young man , “ why should you not live ? ” madame de villefort , “ why did he not take wine ? steps than those of the sentinel , which came from the end of the corridor and stopped before her door . to ask of you ; that is , the name of your true	84.67115783691406
executioner . pocket a small case of black shagreen , opened , and gave it to the jeweller . beautiful turkish arms , his fine english guns , his japanese china , his cups mounted in silver , his <unk> <unk> by <unk> or <unk> ; examined the cupboards , and placed the key in each ; threw into a drawer of his secretaire , which he left open , all the pocket-money he had about him , and with it the thousand fancy jewels from his vases and his <unk> ; then he made an exact inventory of everything , and placed it in the most conspicuous part of the table , after putting aside the books and papers which had collected there . have it ,	175.7706298828125
” said athos . ancient rights . when i call <unk> seigneur ! ” knife , felton , a terrible idea occurred to me . cristo ; but as though in a dream he was transfixed to the spot , <unk> eyes glared as though they were starting through the sockets ; he <unk> the flesh on his chest until his nails were stained with blood ; the veins of his temples swelled and boiled as though they would burst their narrow boundary , and <unk> his brain with living fire . to his . said , “ this is a serious business and my heart <unk> as if you had pierced it through and through . arrived half dead at the imperial gates . by a sergeant	172.48092651367188
, drove away idlers from the place where the duke had mounted his horse . took it into their heads to travel a hundred leagues , and their guardians consented to accompany them , they would have a capital chance of escaping . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , returning to the cardinal . captain , ” said he , “ come here , that i may growl at you . made up your mind to this journey ? ” not change his nature , ” he said . ” said richelieu . ” that ’ s my business . ” , seated in a chair which he balanced on two legs , leaning his elbow on an old worm-eaten table , was a tall young	85.08179473876953
man of twenty , or two-and-twenty , who was looking at her with an air in which vexation and uneasiness were mingled . my lord , ” said felton , with a tone of profound disgust which sounded to the very bottom of the heart of milady , “ you were right , my lord , and i was wrong . ” challenged m. de monte cristo at the opera yesterday , he apologized on the ground today . ” succeed with him , i pronounce you the demon himself . ” said , “ i—i do not understand you . ” the door to the house , or from the house to the door , m. de villefort would be obliged to pass by one of these	64.55435943603516
clumps of trees . followed the gentleman at a distance of five hundred paces . poor scarron ’ s pension . ” ; you well know that our interests are the same . ” , instead of the sixteen i had last year , i have this year , you see , eleven , already <unk> , thirteen , fourteen , fifteen , sixteen , seventeen , eighteen . our friends . about me . ” to him , which he kissed tenderly . , valentine , you must not be alarmed . the queen , “ suppose you put one of your sons in the king ’ s place ; we might be off during the time . ” held a book in his hand . ;	100.84777069091797
you have my word . ” voiture ill ? ” inquired a gentleman who had spoken to athos in the rue saint honore ; “ what is the matter with him ? ” with this description was followed , but he was lost sight of at the corner of the rue de la <unk> and the rue <unk> ” villefort leaned on the back of an armchair , for as the minister of police went on speaking he felt his legs bend under him ; but when he learned that the unknown had escaped the vigilance of the agent who followed him , he breathed again . hour in this apartment ; they could not long delay bringing her a repast . this second manifestation of physical exhaustion	119.18363189697266
; he was at the window , calling : ” replied the prince . use of harnesses without horses ? ” monsieur de tréville , captain of the musketeers . ” , stupefied , cast down , annihilated by all that happened , stood , with crossed arms , before the musketeer and mme . ? ” cried the pretended monk , “ pardon you ! bishop juxon might be permitted to visit him . audience in the rear ; the muskets are for us . ” an investigation , which might dispose of the <unk> report before it had time to spread , and restore m. de morcerf to the position he had long held in public opinion . , sadly shaking his head , “ yes	114.62313079833984
, it is as you said , misfortune , indeed , has overtaken us . foundation is a <unk> <unk> ( c ) ( 3 ) <unk> corporation organized under the laws of the state of <unk> and granted tax exempt status by the internal revenue service . him come to paris ; and when once come to paris , to draw him into some snare . ” calm , at least in appearance . deceit or <unk> in the manner of the accused . opened and in walked the coadjutor . aramis , and give me the remaining twenty-five . ” different , ” cried the abbé ; “ and we shall understand each other , i hope . ” ” villefort , ” cried a beautiful	131.36813354492188
young creature , daughter to the comte de salvieux , and the cherished friend of mademoiselle de saint-méran , “ do try and get up some famous trial while we are at marseilles . accident . artagnan , of whom you spoke just now , monsieur d ’ herblay ; may i ask if you have any news of him ? ” ” cried bertuccio , setting down the lantern at the angle of the interior wall . villefort , fixing an imperious glance on the child , “ go and play in the drawing-room , my dear ; i wish to speak to your mamma . ” mother , when you see me return with an embroidered uniform ! as it could to the shore ; but	107.67662048339844
there was not depth enough of water for it to touch land . thus favored , and at the end of twenty-four hours , the bite was mortal . athos , “ i am not far from approving the idea of monsieur porthos . ” from the table , folded their napkins more slowly still , bowed , and retired . fatigue and anxiety , my dear duke , when we have a telegraph which <unk> messages in three or four hours , and that without getting in the least out of breath . ” refund - if you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it , you can receive a refund of the money ( if any ) you paid for	182.4887237548828
it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from . , ” said porthos , in a melancholy voice , “ i am very ill ; should you meet a doctor you will do me a favor by sending him to me . ” a young man , scarcely nineteen or twenty , and this gentleman must be thirty at least . ! go out by that door whenever you please ; for from this moment you are free as the air . ” sir , ” answered dantès , “ and i ’ m with you. ” then calling to the crew , he said , “ let go ! ” remember it was through my chamber you had penetrated hers ,	93.65912628173828
and that then she would suppose i was your accomplice ; so i took what little money i had and the best of my things , and i got away . , ” replied raoul , blushing . to have him killed , ” said d ’ artagnan to porthos , “ but at all events it shall not be by me . have been so long shut up , that i am only of one <unk> am for fresh air . of joining this monsieur mordaunt we were to go and join our friends ? ” said porthos , with a gesture fierce enough to have frightened an army . this proof of affection ; he not only extended his hand to the young man , but	99.3516616821289
flew to him with open arms . palace , loud cries of “ long live their majesties ! ” resounded . don ’ t be angry , my boy ; you know well enough what it is to be unfortunate ; and misfortunes make us jealous . majesty will not commit such an act of imprudence , first , because it would be useless and would produce the most <unk> results . look so young , so beautiful ! ” , then , madame , to the first person you saw from us ? ” details ? ” misfortune to all who surround me ! he had no secrets from me , and if this had been so he would have confided in me . ” who are	129.82713317871094
these men who killed the son with despair , and the father with famine ? ” , ” answered porthos . to the end , and consent to be blindfolded . ” doing there ? ” cried the two friends . at five o ’ clock in the afternoon , thanks to you , she escaped . ” danglars . ! ” returned bertuccio in deep contempt . brilliant feint which mordaunt parried . was seeking to preserve him from some misfortune which threatened him . leaving the door fastened , he drew back the bolts and even placed the door ajar , as though he had left the room , forgetting to close it , and slipping into the chimney like a man accustomed to that kind	96.24434661865234
of <unk> exercise , after replacing the <unk> , which represented achilles with <unk> , and <unk> the very marks of his feet upon the ashes , he commenced climbing the hollow tunnel , which afforded him the only means of escape left . , mr. president , how entirely you have read my thoughts , ” said benedetto , in his softest voice and most polite manner . he has had to prepare lint of him . ” ? ” said athos , recovering from the instinctive fear he had at first experienced , by the aid of reason ; “ are we not men accustomed to defend ourselves ? taken possession of the bastion . confidence in that poor little madame bonacieux . ” as a	186.96434020996094
sorrowful dream , ” said beauchamp ; “ let it vanish as the last sparks from the blackened paper , and disappear as the smoke from those silent ashes . ” to say , “ <unk> ” he resumed : — what have you lived on ? second look , more full of amazement than the first . she might not answer , clasped her beautiful hands till her sharp nails almost pierced them . gutenberg literary archive foundation was created to provide a secure and <unk> future for project gutenberg™ and future generations . the young man , “ i ask you in what year ! ” have of the queen ’ s heart ; she will not rest contented beaten . ” his pallor , the	181.86691284179688
sweat which covered his face , the dust which soiled his clothes , all indicated that he was the messenger of some important and terrible news . left of the little troop . for i see you once more , ” said the old man ; “ and now it ’ s all <unk> is all right again . ” one of the previous speakers , “ as he was a churchman , they may go to some expense in his behalf . ” . ” ” replied porthos , “ i am falling asleep , which is strange , considering we have not had any fighting ; truly the parisians are idiots . ” , henrietta ? ” she demanded . doubt , with your enemies ,	94.97807312011719
the huguenots and the spaniards . ” first note to be inserted in your journal ? affairs at the very moment we introduced our readers to the study of cardinal <unk> that of cardinal richelieu . , that i had lived long enough . ” say , or rather do ? ” ali placed himself in the light , so that his master might see him distinctly , and then <unk> in his intelligent manner the countenance of the old man , he closed his eyes , as noirtier was in the custom of doing when saying “ yes . ” monseigneur , do you believe the cardinal will be so kind as to tell me what has become of my wife ? ” in black and with	112.31969451904297
a gravity that <unk> ill , entered , bowed to the king , and <unk> a parchment , read the sentence , as is usually done to criminals before their execution . put it in execution that very minute . ” felton , “ that is a _fleur-de-lis_ which i see there . ” . ” , “ behold , other players appear . ” ” on the drawer of a small chest between the windows . he only drinks pure water tinged with a little sherry , and is so rich that he can not , without intending to laugh at me , try to borrow money . to him as a consequence of the affair of yesterday , and the two will pass off together .	133.209228515625
” she was very pale . : ‘ fifteen days , twenty days ? in love with madame de chevreuse , you would hardly lay your heart at the feet of her mortal enemy ! ” little eyes and his great mouth , to inhale better the joke his eminence deigned to address to him , and ended by a burst of laughter , so violent that his great limbs shook in hilarity as they would have done in an <unk> . not as he entered , cromwell did not move . ” ” added athos and the other two . thousand tortures by which a man may be made to suffer without society taking the least <unk> of them , or offering him even the insufficient means	177.69854736328125
of vengeance , of which we have just spoken ? the assistance of two strangers , two unknown persons ? advantage of waking the porter ? ” distance ; but it was apparently not heard by the jeweller , caderousse , or la carconte , absorbed as they were all three with the demon of gain . his head modestly in at the half-open door , and told his master that the horses were ready . , my god ! ” cried milady ; “ when i supplicate thee to pour upon this man the chastisement which is his due , thou knowest it is not my own vengeance i pursue , but the deliverance of a whole nation that i implore ! ” mounted on the table	143.33180236816406
, and , divining the wishes of his companion , placed his back securely against the wall and held out both hands . . ” belong to the fronde , do you not ? ” my eyes that there is nothing but devotion and sympathy in my heart ? ” —to be sure ! ” cried dantès , eagerly quitting the table ; “ let us go directly ! ” he continued , “ give me the red silk purse that m. morrel left on old dantès ’ chimney-piece , and which you tell me is still in your hands . ” that she might put her thoughts a little into order . said monte cristo , who grew uneasy at the attention with which julie looked at	127.91275024414062
him . a servant to go before franz with a light . the guardhouse door ! but one thing i have resolved on , and that is , to stop at nothing to restore a poor devil to liberty , who has got into this scrape solely from having served me . love , intoxicated with joy . the head of that movement , i can appreciate better than any other its significance and its probable results . m. de tréville , calling him back . but she did not raise her head . year the city is in that state of dull apathy , between life and death , which renders it similar to a kind of station between this world and the <unk> sublime spot ,	184.02308654785156
a resting-place full of poetry and character , and at which franz had already halted five or six times , and at each time found it more marvellous and striking . and stammered out a few words of gratitude which soon expired under the gloomy looks of the cardinal . not yet been attuned to the sublimity of the substances it <unk> . years of discretion and become my own master , i have been constantly seeking him , but all in vain . i might easily have accepted it , for it was i who put into his hands the first silver he ever earned ; but now m. dantès has no longer any occasion for <unk> is about to become a captain . ” handsome ,	190.8202362060547
i was dragged into a snare . , it appeared to me not to have the same taste as in the morning . aramis . la meilleraie , “ do not say too much against him before me , for the service he rendered me is still fresh . ” the castle of rueil the cardinal richelieu had some horrible ‘ oubliettes ’ constructed . ” so good as to mount the shoulders of two of our men , they will carry you ashore ? ” the young man answered this invitation with a gesture of indifference , and stepped out of the boat ; the sea immediately rose to his waist . they said . than i possess , poor child ! three-quarters of a league to	133.11289978027344
the <unk> and kept on for corsica . child , suffer poverty and hunger ? will understand . ” i implore you ! ” him ? ” expressive language , have named it the “ lions ’ den , ” probably because the captives possess teeth which frequently gnaw the bars , and sometimes the keepers also . and queen charming at the ball . he demands ? ” a sleep . ” my child , in your very best manner ; for , had he not come to our aid , neither you nor i would have been alive to speak our thanks . ” that you may be recognized ? ” know that my hand stretches far , and that you shall pay very dearly for	210.9900360107422
the hundred louis you have from me . ” . named m. franz d ’ épinay ? ” , —a horse that cost 5,000 francs ! ” said monte cristo , in the tone which a father would use towards a son . . , are not prisoners , ” returned mazarin , with his ironical smile , “ only guests ; but guests so precious that i have put a grating before each of their windows and bolts to their doors , that they may not refuse to continue my visitors . said he to me , ‘ have you made your mind up to take the oath i requested of you ? ’ . ” with yellow damask , and the centre one with white damask	114.68862915039062
and a red cross . tell you all this with tears of heartfelt anguish , can you reply that i am wrong , can you prevent my putting an end to my miserable existence ? the rarest pictures by the old masters , the <unk> hung with draperies from china , of fanciful colors , fantastic design , and wonderful texture . grimaud ; and he went right to the prisoner . the following epistle : one point and that was , cunning ; had they been actuated equally by courage , the one would have done great things for the other . the major , “ i am quite ashamed of the trouble i am giving you . ” there is no <unk> comes by chance .	198.28469848632812
” down the <unk> , with a strength apparently above that of a woman ; but finding she could not accomplish this , she in her fury stabbed at the door with her poniard , the point of which repeatedly glittered through the wood . ideas presented itself , valentine was nearly persuaded to ring the bell , and call for help . my lord ! better , ” said rochefort , “ as i wish to continue my journey . ” a <unk> voice which <unk> to pronounce his name , reached him . added : a piece of furniture ; and milady saw , with the joy of a demon , that his strength would fail him perhaps before the end of her recital . _	110.7811050415039
” have almost forgotten the little latin i have ever known . to his system of reticence , he contented himself with interrogating d ’ artagnan by a look . <unk> stole one , i had one <unk> , only <unk> , sir , they ate half of it on the wall ; a splendid <unk> never ate a better . ” ” said monte cristo , smiling ; “ you are a delightful _cicerone_ . and most hideous , or rather most admirable ones , for i found them ugly enough to frighten me . ” ” said a loud voice outside the room , “ in the name of the law ! ” as no attempt was made to prevent it , the door was opened	110.20518493652344
, and a magistrate , wearing his official scarf , presented himself , followed by four soldiers and a corporal . cried he , starting up ; “ is my mother ill ? ” and he hastened to the door . do you wish for anything else ? ” said the patron . ” said kitty . ” replied the englishman . way . , my travelling friend , do we ? ” cried the countess , extending her hand to him with all the warmth and cordiality of an old acquaintance ; “ it was really very good of you to recognize me so quickly , and still more so to bestow your first visit on me . ” were a friend of mine , i should	70.937744140625
ask you if you would sell your horse . ” ’ s gracious manner . ; i will obey you at all points . ” sir ; you are tempting me—you make me doubt the goodness of <unk> is impossible , it can not be ! ” the ground and resumed his labor . he continued aloud , “ was he ever heard of afterwards ? ” , ” said barrois , staggering as if he would fall . , he opened his eyes . , madame . in looking at this old , <unk> , <unk> tower ( which might be <unk> to an <unk> dame dressed up to receive her grandchildren at a birthday feast ) that it would have been capable of telling strange things	115.06604766845703
, if , —in addition to the menacing ears which the proverb says all walls are provided with , —it had also a voice . appear to suspect that there could be the slightest connection between lucien ’ s visit and the curiosity of the baroness . laugh last ! ’ ” said the procurator ’ s wife . ” asked the disturbed host . the guards immediately sprang forward , and two other soldiers having joined them , the number was deemed sufficient . heaven , you ! ” cried the queen ; “ but look me in the face . of milady , ” said athos to d ’ artagnan . violence , ” said louise . . all over , ” murmured d ’ artagnan	112.88842010498047
. the noise of wheels was heard , and the carriage stopped at the door . with evident signs of astonishment . the queen . ” “ this horse was born in the house of your father about thirteen years ago , and has remained in it ever since , which ought to make you love it . he commenced the removal of his riches , and ere nightfall the whole of his immense wealth was safely deposited in the compartments of the secret <unk> . amusement seemed to me rather <unk> , i proposed to chevalier de rieux that we should be spectators instead of actors , and , in order to see to advantage , that we should mount the bronze horse . a <unk> boy	152.0331268310547
between twelve and fifteen years of age whom he fancied he had seen not twenty minutes before under the guise of a chorister . when i had fallen asleep ; my sleep , then , must have lasted twenty-four hours ! reply , took up the chisel , bent it into the form of a <unk> , and then as readily straightened it . the upper portion of his body through . ” said the count , turning pale ; “ but you know the guilty do not like to find themselves convicted . ” sounded the signal for the ballet . ring with a dull , heavy sound , seeming to participate , in the general sadness , before the concierge appeared and peeped through the door	177.93145751953125
, which he opened just wide enough to allow his words to be heard . , eyebrows , and whiskers black ; blue frock-coat , buttoned up to the chin ; rosette of an officer of the legion of honor in his button-hole ; a hat with wide brim , and a cane . ” de winter her plan of conduct was more easy . most charming mistress , viscount , ” said the count in a perfectly calm tone ; “ and this <unk> ball costume , <unk> her admirably . ” least , i have been warned . ” exclaimed albert , “ that you have reached your present age without visiting the finest capital in the world ? and reasonable a man , monsieur !	137.00863647460938
” said tréville , “ not to accept the proposal i am about to make to you . ” you have just left ? ” to find with this arrangement ; on the contrary , it seemed to be a delicate attention , to be gratefully received ; d ’ artagnan , therefore , thanked the man and gave him a crown piece to drink to general cromwell ’ s health . and at the corner of rue montmartre saw the hostess coming along hanging to the arm of an enormous swiss , who <unk> in his walk with a magnificent air which pleasantly reminded him of his old friend porthos . tricks of a demon at his command ? ’ artagnan remained at the door . to	92.69530487060547
me that the way in which he left us needs no explanation . young man , without taking the trouble to shut the door after them , descended the rue des fossoyeurs rapidly , turned into the rue des <unk> , and did not stop till they came to the place st. sulpice . this blow has been to produce an ordinary grief , and you would cure it by an ordinary <unk> of <unk> ” and morrel dropped his head with disdainful incredulity . had followed madame de villefort with his eyes , and watched her hurried retreat . ” escape of being eaten . known in france ? ’ s eyes grew bloodshot and he was white with foam . however , he regrets your absence	147.38787841796875
extremely . us what sort of a night you have had , and we will describe ours afterward . ” ; a quiet conscience does not occasion such paleness in the cheeks , and such fever in the hands of a man . ” like the other fellow better than this one , ” said mazarin to himself , and he threw himself back in his carriage . damages - except for the “ right of replacement or refund ” described in paragraph 1.f.3 , the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , the owner of the project gutenberg™ trademark , and any other party distributing a project gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement , disclaim all liability to you for damages , costs and expenses , including legal	247.321533203125
fees . i believed sacred i have lost the throne and my children their inheritance . . arrive here ? ” inquired she . ; in the meantime the king finished his toilet . a card or <unk> . ” door of edward ’ s room opened , and a head we have before noticed appeared in the glass opposite ; it was madame de villefort , who came to witness the effects of the drink she had prepared . , or rather as he pretended it was , to astonish our young traveler , this pastime really astonished him . dispatch at the place where he had been interrupted . an hour , and how many times had he , for pure pastime , continued in the	148.19952392578125
water for more than twice as long ! are , my good d ’ arminges ; i have given you a great fright , have i not ? . ” felton , “ he—again <unk> he ? said the abbé , “ that i was the secretary and intimate friend of cardinal spada , the last of the princes of that name . in time ; i feel my life fast <unk> . ” ; you have nothing to occupy yourself with but being happy . ” think he had given you offence in an affair which he merely referred to without entering into particulars , but that whoever possessed the good opinion and confidence of the ship ’ s owners would have his preference also . ”	154.315185546875
you are to say so , valentine ! voice ; and dame nanette , feeling herself supported , recommenced with all her strength to sound her <unk> <unk> . my life ! ” kill you , ” replied the abbé . illumined by so savage a joy that under any other circumstances mme . going out at that moment ; they heard the cause of the disturbance . eyes ; not because his dungeon was so very disagreeable , but because his uneasiness was so great . the hair , then he saw and heard nothing . the queen as a young man who bends before a woman ; but now it was a different thing ; he answered her summons as an humble soldier obeys an illustrious	159.09930419921875
general . me his word , sir , ” said madame de villefort ; “ you have just seen him resolve to keep it when he has everything to lose , and surely there is more reason for his doing so where he has everything to gain . ” , ” said the queen , speaking so low that mme . should know the real cause . ” two hours the horses had gone twelve leagues without stopping ; their legs began to tremble , and the foam they shed whitened the doublets of their masters . amazement . ” said morcerf , “ we have been acquainted for many years , and consequently we ought to make some allowance for each other ’ s <unk> . thousand	100.36109924316406
francs , do you understand ? ” on the cushions , felt something press against him . began mousqueton timidly . château-renaud , “ it seems quite miraculous to make a new house out of an old one ; for it was very old , and dull too . ” thin , pale , with light blue eyes and <unk> flaxen hair . ” suddenly exclaimed debray . you . ” said , bazin had not , by his fortunate return , removed more than a part of the uneasiness which weighed upon the four friends . will try , in his turn , to lay hands on us . ” still hesitated . do you expect to breakfast ? ” said beauchamp . mother ? ” cried	104.31619262695312
the viscount , springing towards her . he , turning to the two friends , “ will , i trust , do me the honor to breakfast with me ? ” why the women of this fine country , ‘ where sounds the <unk> , ’ as dante writes , put so little restraint on their words and actions , is because they live so much in public , and have really nothing to conceal . ll answer for you , ” said the gascon , filling porthos ’ s glass to the brim ; “ but when you have drunk , give me your opinion . ” ” said albert , passing his hand across his eyes , “ i know she would ; but better so	109.24369049072266
than die of shame . ” ’ t go straight i will crush him , that ’ s all . ” must <unk> ” said maximilian ; “ but don ’ t attach any serious importance , dear , to what your father said . at that instant there was such a <unk> of musketry that one might have imagined the infernal regions had opened . , ” answered grimaud . person who writes these few lines had the honor of crossing swords with you in the little enclosure of the rue d ’ enfer . also , ” replied albert ; “ and i very much fear you will go alone to the duke of bracciano ’ s ball . ” with the omelet of crevecoeur ?	120.44784545898438
” said beauchamp , rising in his turn , “ i can not throw you out of window for three <unk> is to say , for twenty-four days to <unk> have you any right to split my skull open till that time has elapsed . ” asked d ’ artagnan . all his actions , all his words , from the simplest glance of his eyes to his <unk> to a breath that could be interpreted as a sigh . ” said athos , “ i will take care of that . ” ; <unk> <unk> gray than blue ; and for the rest , stiff and proud . ” service to the duke in one <unk> killed time for him till eight o ’ clock in the	85.41165924072266
evening ; then would come night , and with night , sleep . saying , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that after having demanded my head of the cardinal , milady had quit the shores of france . , sir ; justice will be done , ” said villefort . the bolt with precaution , and both , light as shadows , glided through the interior door into the passage , ascended the stairs as quietly as possible , and entered d ’ artagnan ’ s chambers . ; aramis instantly seized and read it . ! ” replied de comminges , “ that there are no prisoners at rueil , because there is no prison . ” this room which reminds me forcibly of the	89.04861450195312
chamber of the marquise de <unk> or desdemona . . felton gave him back his weapon . purpose , and here i am . ” indeed ! ” <unk> porthos . forthwith to the bottom of the sea ; and if you come another fathom nearer , i ’ ll <unk> your wicked head in with this oar . ” too , will be punished , for you did not do your duty as a <unk> should have prevented benedetto from killing me . ” ’ s face brightened . when you have read the letter . ” at least twenty pounds weight of shot in the small rider ’ s pockets , to make him weight ; but with all that he <unk> <unk> and <unk> ,	127.23041534423828
against whom he ran , by at least three whole lengths . ” , and drew over her chest , which appeared whiter than snow , the embroidered cambric , still moist with the cold dews of delirium , to which were now added those of terror . s lips there played one of those rare and melancholy smiles which seemed to emanate from the depth of his <unk> last trace of youth and happiness that had survived life ’ s <unk> . is worse than a service . ” act he therefore went to the baroness . . ” should i ? ” the countess placed herself before monte cristo , still holding in her hand a portion of the perfumed grapes . , we old soldiers	217.16163635253906
, ” athos added , smiling . my son . ” the next act , with your permission , i will come and inquire whether there is anything i can do for you in paris ? ” he ; “ just now i told you it was of m. de monte cristo you must demand an explanation . ” made expressly on the discovery , into the bay where they were thrown ; but of ten three only remained , the rest having been broken by the waves . s windows . ” there for your outfit , i think you said . ” said the curate , “ here is the person of whom i had the honor to speak to you . ” then ? ”	62.34852600097656
managed . in your case , —to whom could your disappearance have been serviceable ? ” of meung , described the unknown gentleman with the greatest minuteness , and all with a warmth and <unk> that delighted m. de tréville . , and ali and <unk> will accompany you <unk> you desire to go . said d ’ artagnan and aramis at the same time . at the prince ’ s door . , and i am spanish . ” ” losing sight of carlini , for , doubtless , he feared lest he should strike him unawares ; but nothing betrayed a hostile design on carlini ’ s part . knocked at the door of the finest house and was received as the wounded are always and	123.93402099609375
everywhere received in france . , that by which he had entered , i placed our scotchman , making a sign to him to follow the man wherever he might go , if he came out again . ; for the musketeers were known to be enemies of the cardinal , and were beloved on account of the hatred they bore to his eminence . ” <unk> pushed away with dignity the officer ’ s <unk> “ ’ tis good only for the <unk> . ” come <unk> ” regiments into two squadrons . replied the major . he said , very well knew that the horror of bloodshed in this encounter , in which frenchman would combat against frenchman , was a <unk> movement of sixty years	135.48361206054688
impressed upon his policy ; and the cardinal was at that period what we now call a man of progress . anything to me . wicket of the louvre , on the side of the rue de l ’ echelle , and ask for germain . ” , could not refrain from a slight movement of surprise . easy . and asked for two glasses of liqueur , at the <unk> their friends must have done before them . the lys ; i shall only have to cross the river , and i shall be in a foreign country . ” you a thousand chances . ” think now of the affair ? was pulled down , and the man held a handkerchief to his face . your	98.26116180419922
excellency , he is not the devil , ” replied the host , with a grin of contempt ; “ for during his fainting we <unk> his valise and found nothing but a clean shirt and eleven <unk> however , did not prevent his saying , as he was fainting , that if such a thing had happened in paris , you should have cause to repent of it at a later period . ” ” eagerly inquired the two youths . time to make the last trial , and he put the phial to the purple lips of faria , and without having occasion to force open his jaws , which had remained extended , he poured the whole of the liquid down his throat . whither	152.6746063232422
he went ? ” . monte cristo , “ what do you see in that to annoy you ? ” occurred to the duke . aramis , after having had an entertainment at my house and enjoying themselves very much , created such a disturbance that the provost of the castle , a rigid man , has ordered them to be confined for some days ; but i accomplish the order they have given me by <unk> to you a dozen bottles of my anjou wine , with which they are much pleased . august 23 , 1628 chapter lx . provided that the place which you shall choose has iron shutters secured by padlocks and a door that can be locked . ” ” , for felton	165.80654907226562
was now her only <unk> only means of safety . going soon ? ” asked milady . ? , ” replied m. de la trémouille , “ but i warn you that i am well informed , and all the fault is with your musketeers . ” , ” replied d ’ artagnan . . ” to be as m. noirtier had stated . monte cristo , turning round , saw albert , pale and trembling , followed by beauchamp and château-renaud . of that , ” replied madame danglars quickly . de winter , “ i thought i had already made you aware that i am weary of this persecution ; withdraw , then , or i shall call and have you turned out as you were	56.73536682128906
in london . in opening an enormous <unk> of <unk> wine ; these were the lackeys of these gentlemen . and here , ” said she , touching her eyes and her heart . , captain ? again to <unk> , to talk again and again of the past ! blow of the whip upon his horses ; the noble animals bounded forward ; then cries of men who were knocked down were heard ; then a double <unk> was felt , and two of the wheels seemed to pass over a round and flexible body . building , on the contrary , he saw one of the three windows open . ” , but the man lay on the earth struggling in the agonies of death .	121.82174682617188
. ” the anteroom , as if hesitating whether to turn to his own apartment or into madame de saint-méran ’ s ; morrel concealed himself behind a door ; valentine remained motionless , grief seeming to deprive her of all fear . poor father , sir . ” with you ? d ’ artagnan could not perceive the face of aramis . the captain , ‘ we have still too much canvas set ; all hands lower the <unk> ! ’ five minutes after , it was down ; and we sailed under <unk> and top-gallant sails . me none . ” . had not come there of itself , and that he who bore it had not concealed himself behind a hedge with any friendly intentions	133.72523498535156
. didn ’ t you reply ? ” heart . in wine as we are , we have sent you some anjou wine ? ” said porthos . received a very good education , and have been treated by these <unk> very much as the slaves were treated in <unk> minor , whose masters made them <unk> , doctors , and philosophers , in order that they might fetch a higher price in the roman market . ” and following the cardinal up the secret staircase , soon found himself in the study whence they had first set out . brain plans so vast , projects so tumultuous , that there remained no room for any capricious or material <unk> sentiment which is fed by leisure and grows	249.44227600097656
with corruption . it . his eyes , his hands resting on the shoulders of the youth , whose height was almost equal to his own ; but as soon as they were out of sight he said : the enemy it was slowly ; we were forbidden to draw first and we were marching toward the spaniards , who were on a height with lowered muskets . five or six of the cardinal ’ s guards , who recognized d ’ artagnan , and knowing that it was he who had wounded jussac , they looked upon him with a smile of singular meaning . i am the reverse . ” ” she said with a charming smile , which accompanied him until he had disappeared .	85.86672973632812
, ” he said , after a minute ’ s pause , extending his hand to monte cristo . the bastile . ” always regarded our love in the light of something sacred ; consequently , i have covered it with the veil of respect , and hid it in the <unk> recesses of my soul . father , ” said morrel with excitement , “ have a care , i again repeat , for the power you <unk> over me alarms me . of your hundred pistoles , d ’ artagnan ? ” young man that the moment would not long be delayed , had alone kept him in the service of a <unk> service in which , he said , his soul was in constant jeopardy	91.90367126464844
. exclaimed madame danglars . are the best of friends ; their apparent <unk> are only <unk> to deceive fools . . , i would rather die <unk> than have anything to say to such a confessor . continued , and it was dreadful to witness . to which she had drawn near , milady saw the young man make a sign with delirious fervor , and depart in an apparent transport of joy . but her eyes spoke with their inexpressible eloquence , supplicating by turns each of those on whom she looked . sermon , which made the church very full of people . man who had followed him entered too ; the frenchman knocked at the inner door , and entered the first room ;	167.29019165039062
his shadow did the same . the useless blood ! memory , madame , ” continued the count ; “ the day had been burning hot ; you were waiting for horses , which were delayed in consequence of the festival . , one of these eels , or pike , or carp , poisoned at the fourth remove , is served up at your table . , ” replied monte cristo . ” said monte cristo , “ no ; you judge yourself with too much severity . alone in the world ; he uses my property without <unk> for the use he makes of it ; he is sure never to leave my service . ” gentleman had not been watched , for as the report	108.15615844726562
ran that he was a person of high rank , and one who would allow no impertinent interference , his _incognito_ was strictly respected . groan ; he could not believe in such a miracle . . in your attire , the better will be the effect , as you are a rich man . interrupted château-renaud . our word included everything . square of white stones , about twenty feet high ; an interior partition separated the two families , and each apartment had its entrance door . be announced to the minister . moment a second neighing was borne to them on the night wind . gentleman fell like a log . i have <unk> torture to which i have submitted when i saw the deadly	206.94296264648438
poison poured into your glass , and how i trembled lest you should drink it before i could find time to throw it away ! ” morrel , with a glance full of bitter reproach , “ do you think it possible that i could be ? ” i swear , ” cried porthos , extending a hand like a shoulder of mutton . said d ’ artagnan , “ can she have charged you to tell me so ? ” it would have been too tedious to acquire the names of the prisoners ; he learned their numbers instead . to furnish me with the address of both fernand and danglars , in order that i may execute edmond ’ s last wishes . ” the queen	98.41646575927734
, “ you bring us three things which we have not seen for a long time . ” said raoul , smiling , although his pallor betrayed the excitement <unk> on a first affair , “ you are in a great hurry to pay your debts and have not been long under any obligation to me . health is but indifferent . asked de guiche . more important to me than life . will be sending us a hundred <unk> beasts who will pick us off like <unk> in this place . other place , ” said athos , in his persuasive voice , “ choose for yourselves . ” and contrived in the same manner that his friends should partake of them ; aramis had eight of	110.00824737548828
them . a good theologian , ” said bazin , almost weeping ; “ he might have become a bishop , and perhaps a cardinal . ” daughter dead ? ” demanded monte cristo ; “ i fancy i have heard so . ” no <unk> understand me ? ” seizing the thick mass , which her long fingers could scarcely grasp , she took in her right hand a pair of long scissors , and soon the steel met through the rich and splendid hair , which fell in a cluster at her feet as she leaned back to keep it from her coat . at this house , d ’ artagnan entered a small tavern at the corner of the street and asked for a cup	111.49223327636719
of <unk> . , ” continued he , “ here he is ; you won ’ t forget the boy , sir . ” brought to you that you may add your prayers to those of the faithful , are they ? ” asked franz somewhat <unk> . of the four , was to follow that by which the carriage had gone upon which the four friends had fired , and which was accompanied , as may be remembered , by rochefort ’ s servant . said mazarin , “ if i place you in security , in a manner evident , <unk> ” she , “ i did all for the best ! ? ” exclaimed de winter . generally strike the eye on entering the room	72.66522216796875
of a young man , particularly when that young man is a musketeer , had disappeared as if by enchantment ; and for fear , no doubt , that the sight of them might bring his master back to ideas of this world , bazin had laid his hands upon sword , pistols , <unk> hat , and <unk> and <unk> of all kinds and sorts . , albert , and i am in your confidence , no human power can force me to a duel which your own conscience would reproach you with as criminal , but i come to offer you what you can no longer demand of me . at morcerf , when someone came and whispered a few words to him . that to	117.1707534790039
us ? sire , and with your permission la chesnaye will bid them come up . ” the horse shall be restored to your lackey , monsieur . ” franz , “ here i am , ” and he , in his turn , left the caves . and i hope to god that with our four lackeys we may be in sufficient number . ” fate the better , after all—to solve the problem of life at its source , even at the risk of horrible suffering ? <unk> , or rather , like a magnificent <unk> . time in useless compliments . to , and his cries only served to arouse the attention of the spaniards . the cardinal , like a man who says ,	129.89630126953125
“ lord , thy will be done ! ” <unk> in the humble guise of captives , without arms . of police appeared at the door , pale , trembling , and as if ready to faint . crossed his mind that he might be separated from this unknown , whom he loved already ; and then his mind was made <unk> the jailer moved his bed and stooped to examine the opening , he would kill him with his water jug . , <unk> ? ” she said , “ and why art thou not at notre dame ? ” ; is there anything that i can do for you ? ” were thrown open , and through the jessamine and clematis that overhung the window one	121.94367980957031
could see the garden ornamented with lanterns , and the supper laid under the tent . to your majesty , but i dare not . ” thought d ’ artagnan seized athos by the waist , and followed by porthos with aramis , leaped down from the benches , rushed into the passages , and flying down the staircase were lost in the crowd without , while the muskets within were pointed on some three thousand spectators , whose piteous cries and noisy alarm stopped the impulse already given to bloodshed . d ’ artagnan ! ” cried mme . the child , whom no skill had been able to recall to life . is , however , less terrible than the sufferings that precede or the punishment	162.19549560546875
that possibly will follow . to monsieur de la fere , or , on the honor of a gentleman , i ’ ll kill you ! ” ? ” franz , — “ your voice , your look , your pallid complexion , and even the life you lead . ” ’ ” my place and am not so presumptuous . silence which death seemed to impose ; at length valentine ventured . we to do , and where do you wish me to conduct you ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . valentine , “ my grandfather wishes for a <unk> ” at this strange and unexpected demand m. de villefort and his father exchanged looks . way that i wished to avenge myself , ” said	87.41804504394531
milady , replacing the glass upon the table , with an infernal smile , “ but , my faith ! us die here ! ’ i recall to you that word . ” do ! ” cried the young woman , in a manner so serious as to make d ’ artagnan start in spite of himself . ” cried athos . her grandmother in bed ; the fever had not abated , on the contrary her eyes glistened and she appeared to be suffering from violent nervous irritability . villa was burnt down ; but what of that , as long as carmela was safe and <unk> ? ” thought milady ; “ i have not been earnest enough . ” down with mazarin ’ ” blaisois	111.0035629272461
; “ ah ! athos , “ do not injure the vicomte de <unk> not ruin his prospects . abode ? ” with you ? as albert had told him that he should not return so soon , franz sat down without him . of whom i thought so much , of whom i was so proud , who had appeared so worthless in the dungeons of the château d ’ if , and whom i had succeeded in making so great , will be but a <unk> of <unk> tomorrow . your confidence , my dear friend . but i do not understand what it is that <unk> you in this manner . ” window curtains when he sprang out of bed and opened the windows .	80.46126556396484
my time . ” years old , and your son twenty-one . , who had been informed that d ’ artagnan was arrested and who was anxious to see him , took leave of the king , inviting him to come the next day to view the work already done upon the dyke . you before god , madame , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that if i am taken while accomplishing the orders you give me , i will die sooner than do anything that may compromise anyone . ” with the hostess he said : “ now , pretty madeleine , you know the difference between a swiss and a gentleman . sorts of affairs were mysterious , it was better not to fathom	99.93660736083984
them . he again sank into the reverie that had been interrupted by mordaunt . a ladder like that . ” madame de villefort ; “ and it is still entirely in the power of my husband to cause the will , which is now in prejudice of valentine , to be altered in her favor . ” learn what convent she is in . ” ” he asked , “ the priest who here in the château d ’ if is generally thought to <unk> ? ” the wine delicious . him , avoiding all gestures in order that he might conceal from the governor the paralysis that had already half stricken him with death . ; when the time for action comes you shall be put	114.89942169189453
in full possession of what i require from you ; wait till that time arrives and find out your friends . ” not send in his name ! artagnan thought he perceived in an obscure corner a discipline cord suspended from a nail in the wall . idea of the amount of your fortune ? ” , 1815 , the <unk> at <unk> de la garde signalled the three-master , the _pharaon_ from smyrna , trieste , and naples . is beautiful , ” returned the young lady . for chance , in this case , is too much like providence . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that whilst i thought i was coming to noisy i have entered , without suspecting it , into the	139.5622100830078
kingdom of mysteries . ” thus six or eight years ago . around her , to be certain that they were quite alone ; then bending as if she would have knelt , and joining her hands , she said with an accent of despair : d ’ artagnan , “ all this will be only necessary till after tomorrow evening , for when once with the army , we shall have , i hope , only men to dread . ” merely a letter of introduction . and the tiber is very near the via <unk> ” franz felt a shudder run through his veins at observing that the feeling of the duke and the countess was so much in unison with his own personal disquietude .	128.60935974121094
the pure parliament , ” resumed the host , “ i mean the one which colonel bridge has <unk> . ” notary , as you absolutely wish for one , sir , ” said villefort ; “ but i shall explain to him your state of health , and make excuses for you , for the scene can not fail of being a most ridiculous one . ” when she was hunting with her husband , ” continued athos , in a low voice , and speaking very quickly , “ she fell from her horse and fainted . me , and you shall know all . ” with m. morrel i hear , —you insinuating dog , you ! ” course , to the chief banker of	93.38513946533203
the town to make inquiries . ? ” asked athos . but surrounded with all the <unk> of war . a thousand times ! come into the hands of milady clarik ? , and one who was a greek . be a true prophet ! ” said d ’ artagnan , laughing . he thinks ? ” never , ” said planchet , “ i will never leave monsieur d ’ artagnan . ” his bed , pressing his hand on his heart . to dine there . ” alone that makes me thus in haste ; i must go to paris . ” wife , _pardieu ! _ ” screams they saw mordaunt upon the poop with a torch in hand . tell me , since you	53.33905792236328
have come to seek me . ” paper hesitatingly and cast his eyes over it ; it was a lieutenant ’ s commission in the musketeers . strongest , after all , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ don ’ t be furious with old men and women , and keep your wrath for more appropriate occasions . ” it to charitable purposes , then ? ” pursued the notary . ” said he , “ will the restoration adopt imperial methods so promptly ? upon each other with a fury which however did not <unk> a certain degree of method . i think we should ask you that question ; you know such news much better than we do . in that way ; but it	111.77388000488281
is not they who <unk> me with the most wounding reproaches , but—— ” shone for a short time , disappeared behind the clouds ; every object was again plunged in the obscurity that is so awful in the deserts and still more so in that liquid desert , the ocean , and nothing was heard save the whistling of the west wind driving along the tops of the <unk> billows . door close ; then the noise of two bolts by which milady fastened herself in . to god , ” said m. de tréville ; “ for i know no one except god who can be so far above your majesty . ” two shadows blockaded the road and by the light of the stars might	196.1339111328125
be seen the shining of their arms . how well she knows how to handle a knife . ” dear maximilian , do not make a hasty resolution , i entreat you . ” . , the countess has only to wish it , and they would become so . ” ” replied the landlord , “ you shall be served immediately ; but as for the <unk> ” . boy , ” said old dantès ; “ and heaven bless you in your wife , as it has blessed me in my son ! ” you at that time , ” said the major . , though i am pretty well off . ” , ” said the banker , “ do not kill yourself tonight listening	56.37371063232422
to the follies of madame danglars , for you can hear them as well tomorrow ; but i claim tonight and will devote it , if you will allow me , to talk over some serious matters with my wife . ” the most beautiful , expressive and terrible <unk> that has ever emanated from the fruitful pen of <unk> . d ’ artagnan , “ we don ’ t now make war as we did formerly . told her mother , that although he was apparently so calm , she had noticed that her father ’ s heart beat violently . curtain falls on the stage . ” : be he ever so cunning he shall never say i was his dupe . its rounds . leave	148.5771484375
his post , but allowed parry to pass . three months before had no desire but liberty had now not liberty enough , and <unk> for wealth . ” said d ’ artagnan , with the most charming smile and putting his hand on the young man ’ s shoulder , “ if the illustrious general oliver cromwell has disposed of our prisoners in your favour , he has , of course , made that act of donation in writing . ” would be laughed at , and a master <unk> must never be laughed at . ” we can easily find some excuse for its disappearance . some stratagem ? but a corpse in his arms . , his heart palpitated with joy when he saw that	130.26174926757812
tall form and martial demeanor , which recalled to him a good and brave man . i am quite sure i shall not be able to close my eyes . ” o ’ clock in the morning . m. de villefort , be , as you always are , kind and equitable , and give him back to us <unk> ” this <unk> <unk> sounded revolutionary in the deputy ’ s ears . ! ” replied danglars . have been abducted , madame . ” my thanks for the client you have sent me . on every prisoner . ” from him ! ” of doubt , which , if it change not to conviction , must become remorse ! ” the count bowed his head , and	77.01754760742188
clasped his hands together . . you . ” tréville much , as he thus became certain that no foreign suggestion could insinuate itself between m. de la trémouille ’ s testimony and himself . aramis . they informed him that they were resolved not to pay this tax , even if they were obliged to defend themselves against its <unk> by force of arms . offer your adieux and mine to madame de saint-remy . friends reached the hotel , “ arms of england , ” where they supped with hearty appetite and then at once proceeded to the port . fear while i have you to protect me . ” jest , if we can . people were uttering imprecations , whilst the persons who had	173.6327362060547
attempted to escape were made <unk> is to say , an old man and two women . therefore , and in doing so i shall confer a personal favor on him , how he is mistaken in regard to me . run against me ! rather better . d ’ artagnan ; “ you would do as much , mr . ” cried the queen , on perceiving the two friends , “ you have come , faithful friends ! recalled villefort from the third heaven to earth ; he composed his face , as we have before described , and said , “ i have read the letter , sir , and you have acted rightly in arresting this man ; now inform me what you have	102.6478042602539
discovered concerning him and the conspiracy . ” it will not require very much more than the generality of wills . ” said he ; “ for i wager anything it is the creditor who visits me . ” indulgence we may expect from your sex , ” interrupted valentine . go on the water , sir ? ” said the sailor . is to be made a cardinal ; they are <unk> the hat for him . ” tolerably neat chamber , but grated and barred , and its appearance , therefore , did not greatly alarm him ; besides , the words of villefort , who seemed to interest himself so much , resounded still in his ears like a promise of freedom . duc de	113.91120910644531
beaufort or the duc de bouillon , and to tell them about this . ” cristo , king of china , emperor of cochin-china , ” said the young <unk> , looking slyly towards his sister . ” replied villefort , “ that my father , led away by his passions , has committed some fault unknown to human justice , but marked by the justice of god . , a daughter , have done us the honor to call us to their aid . clock was striking six . applied , being a friend of porthos , was very ready , not to sell them , as was proposed , but to lend them . you , indeed ? ” cried he , raising his head with	89.4277114868164
quick anxiety ; “ pray , let me know what it is you have discovered ? ” chapter 99 . going to take him in ? dream , a nightmare , that has disturbed you . ” conduct of a pupil of jesuits . ” porthos . exclaimed monte cristo , starting back , “ it is—— ” her majesty ; and as a last <unk> ” —he looked round for some valuable <unk> “ you will <unk> ” instead of answering , growled out “ ja ! . ” though new , were <unk> , like traveling clothes for a long time packed in a portmanteau . , or how long the attack may last ? ” he had been a naval officer , who had been	142.78622436523438
confined for plotting with the bonapartists . ” fault . , he chose his companions from among the young men of eighteen or twenty , the worst characters in bastia , or , indeed , in corsica , and they had already , for some mischievous <unk> , been several times threatened with a prosecution . despatch reach you ? ” inquired the king . for this money ? ” story was set apart for maximilian ; it was precisely similar to his sister ’ s apartments , except that for the <unk> he had a <unk> , where he received his friends . must serve me as guides . in your creed ; but it was without wishing to do so , i swear . said ;	139.33094787597656
“ poor aramis ; a charming man , elegant , discreet , and a writer of poetical verses . only a protector , but a friend ; not only a benefactor , but a father . shall be at liberty , that i may not satisfy your curiosity ? ” , when the greek government was <unk> , he asked of king <unk> a mining grant for that district , which was given him . friends ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ a horrible suspicion crosses my mind ! wrote the name of d ’ artagnan in the commission , and returned it to him . you asked for a place at my window ; you shall have it ; but let us first sit down	98.8543930053711
to table , for here comes the servant to inform us that breakfast is ready . ” olivain , that people like us are not to be served by cowards . hundred years the documents were found , and they thought of bringing up the jars . money ? ” replied athos . until the frightful overturn of reason was accomplished ; then uttering a loud cry followed by a burst of laughter , he rushed down the stairs . my arrest and the robbery that was committed in my house , i am alarmed every time i hear a door open , particularly in the night . that the coadjutor will put himself out for him ? ” today takes us to england . ” ” sure	145.95938110351562
of always retaining his situation , and wishes to provide for the future . listening with the greatest impatience , ” replied the young man ; “ speak , i beg of you . ” ” he exclaimed ; “ that would be fair play . ” m. de villefort , who is apparently as anxious to get mademoiselle valentine married as m. danglars is to see mademoiselle eugénie settled . , and attack our poor agents . upstairs . which makes you look upon everything in that light . ” the vendetta against you , so protect yourself as well as you can , for the next time we meet your last hour has come. ’ and before he had recovered from his surprise , i opened	111.57801818847656
the door and left the room . ” cried athos , going toward him , “ i ’ ll cut your ears off ! ” to carry on the war alone , and to look for no success foreign to himself , but as we look for a fortunate chance . if he has taken off his mask i shall be able to see . , ” cried he to whom this question was addressed . come from ? ” asked debray . are at feud with the cardinal . ” good french , my lord , take care of your accent ; they killed six thousand <unk> in sicily because they pronounced italian badly . england is ! , watched over the barricades with menacing looks ;	127.3883056640625
words of command , patrols , arrests , executions , even , were encountered at every step . being , and i should tell you that sometimes when i rise , or after my dinner , or in the middle of the night , i resolve on starting for some particular point , and away i go . ” she owed this information to the cardinal . never <unk> , never strikes thirty times <unk> , like the soldier who beheaded the count of chalais , and to whose tender mercy richelieu had doubtless recommended the sufferer . m. d ’ avrigny ! ” upon the carriage they had left , and seeing that it was empty , she said : that albert resided in the <unk> street	175.8150634765625
, appeared every day on the fashionable walk , and dined frequently at the only <unk> where you can really dine , that is , if you are on good terms with its waiters . on my part , monsieur , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ for having only arrived yesterday in paris , i as yet know no one but monsieur de tréville , to whom i was recommended by my father , who has the honor to be , in some degree , one of his friends . ” the cardinal himself who had first traced them , in order that they might serve as a guide for his nephew in the event of a catastrophe , which he could not foresee would have	91.30925750732422
been so complete . word . ” furniture indicated that the dweller in this house occupied himself with the study of natural science . d ’ artagnan , with the most sentimental air he could assume , “ can you be cruel enough to put such a question to <unk> me , who , from the moment i saw you , have only breathed and sighed through you and for you ? ” arrived . as a rule unfortunately . in the general terms of use part of this license , apply to copying and distributing project gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the project gutenberg™ concept and trademark . to us to draw our swords in honor of old england you see how we snapped up the proposition	192.57040405273438
. ” ” thou <unk> seldom , but when thou dost , one must do thee <unk> words are words of gold . ” ’ s his comrade . ” efforts on the part of morrel to renew his credit or revive the old . she had not recognized him . ” . ” rose quickly , drawing at the same moment a pistol from his girdle . an intention , your eminence ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . ” cried monte cristo with well-feigned astonishment . down to his dinner , he appeared very calm . safe for a few days at least . , discussing the grand affair . the guards who took him to vincennes that he had often thought what he should do	95.91919708251953
in case he were put into prison , and that he had found out forty ways of escaping . ” , see ! ” s <unk> , to whom i am very intimately allied , ” said aramis , coloring . new world have with the bottles which are on the commode and the wardrobe ? ” the vestibule , another man was entering likewise , dusty , out of breath , leaving at the gate a post horse , which , on reaching the palace , <unk> on his <unk> . said milady , without appearing to remark the change of the duke ’ s tone toward <unk> “ now that i have received the instructions of your eminence as concerns your enemies , monseigneur will permit	146.31163024902344
me to say a few words to him of mine ? ” doublet and hose of a violet color , with aiguillettes of the same color , without any other ornaments than the customary slashes , through which the shirt appeared . know something about it . men clinging to the shattered mast and the <unk> , while a fifth clung to the broken <unk> . ; it will be well employed , i hope . ” had been entirely overlooked in the plan arranged and followed out by m. danglars and his architect , who had been selected to aid the baron in the great work of <unk> solely because he was the most fashionable and celebrated <unk> of the day . esteems you so highly ,	175.8267059326172
tell him that he has spoken amiss . ” . ties of friendship or humane consideration will induce you to conceal the truth . ” king ’ s life is not worth what it must cost there ’ s an end of the matter and i send to groslow to say i am ill . ” which <unk> me , ” replied monte cristo ; “ but as i determined to have a house to myself , i sent on my valet de chambre , and he ought by this time to have bought the house and furnished it . ” it is a sepulcher and nothing else . ” our guard ; let us take arms , let planchet post himself behind us with his carbine .	108.0910415649414
” he not an emissary of the cardinal , whom the cardinal sought to introduce into tréville ’ s house , to place near him , to win his confidence , and afterward to ruin him as had been done in a thousand other <unk> ? end of the affair ? ” monsieur , shall i saddle rustaud ? ” only to natural scruples under similar circumstances . ” her to a place of safety , and there , if matters required , make her a hostage . been there ? ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ do you live in this way always ? ” , when the eyes of the king fell upon him , he sustained the look with so much firmness that it	112.4912109375
was the king who dropped his eyes ; after which his majesty , grumbling , entered his apartment . good master ! ” , cuirasses , and <unk> , and it was plain that as soon as his gout was better monsieur de bouillon would give a pretty <unk> to the enemies of the parliament to unravel . as the jailer was visiting him for the last time that night , dantès , with his ear for the hundredth time at the wall , fancied he heard an almost imperceptible movement among the stones . my dear gérard , ” said he to the young man , with a very significant look , “ do you know , you seem as if you were not very glad to	102.45259857177734
see me ? ” <unk> ruined ! ” cardinal would be furious at her return , and consequently would be more disposed to listen to the complaints brought against her than to the accusations she brought against others . observed that poisoners were cowards . quarreling over the priest , as they quarreled formerly over the musketeer ; but <unk> have i in the world ? for myself among the rest , ” replied villefort . ” said the king . the countess to franz , “ go with all <unk> young man ! an inspector . very considerably advanced the cause of science , doubtless ? ” by our god . sir . ” the four friends were out of reach , and the rochellais only fired	144.239990234375
to <unk> their consciences . did not <unk> the letter at once , but continued to turn it again and again in his hand ; then , in accordance with his usual custom and judging from experience that few people could hide anything from him when he began to question them , fixing his eyes upon them at the same time , he thus addressed the messenger : expression . . ” got to do is to endeavor to repair it . ” rue des fossoyeurs ; i will accompany you . ” ! ” in any way ? if you remain with me , and i am too good a master to allow you to miss such a chance by <unk> you the dismissal you require .	106.3326187133789
” dressed as he was , in the bed and then covered him as far as the shoulders with the sheet . brow as he said : sir , and his age ; he ’ s the second to-day . ” , a first-rate artist , wrote poetry , and composed music ; to the study of the latter she professed to be entirely devoted , following it with an indefatigable perseverance , assisted by a <unk> , —a young woman without fortune whose talent promised to develop into remarkable powers as a <unk> . think of it , and yet i must tell you that we are beginning to occupy ourselves greatly with these things under our popular government . ” , and looked over the coping	178.9673614501953
to see if the street was quiet . monte cristo , “ i make three <unk> in <unk> , second-rate , and third-rate fortunes . to speak to the father ? ” if i am mistaken . ” replied with a violent effort . your honor , ’ tis told how hungry voyagers , <unk> out to sea , have a bad habit of eating each other and beginning with—— ” ” returned the other , smiling . strangers had departed , franz was on the road to the piazza di spagna , listening with studied indifference to the learned dissertation delivered by albert , after the manner of <unk> and <unk> , touching the <unk> nets used to prevent the ferocious beasts from springing on the spectators	181.04527282714844
. underneath them and been hurt . ” , then ? ” asked athos . of <unk> what great and mysterious purpose has it pleased heaven to <unk> the man once so elevated , and raise up him who was so <unk> ? ” expression , and with the step of a <unk> he advanced toward the hedge ; but he had not been able to catch more than a few vague <unk> without any positive sense , when a sonorous and short cry made him start , and attracted the attention of the musketeers . a good situation , and able to defend himself . the camp ? ” said porthos . prize for a length of time , and gave birth to magnificent speeches which we	130.5453643798828
do not repeat here for fear they should be deemed too long . only never drank , but more , that he had a kind of repugnance to wine . warn you , will soon send you to an executioner who will make both your shoulders alike . ” , my prince ; a man of talent and merit , whom you will like , as i and monsieur de chavigny do , i am sure . ” ” cried the young princess , bounding to the door . increase ; the street was not able to contain the spectators who assembled from every direction ; the crowd invaded the space which the dreaded <unk> of the guards had till then kept clear between them and the carriage	148.0309295654297
. , the sea bad ; they <unk> and kept <unk> . villefort , “ those to whom the guilt really belongs , by whom the crime was committed , on whose heads the justice of man may probably descend here , and the certain judgment of god hereafter , would rejoice in the opportunity thus afforded of bestowing such a <unk> as valentine on the son of him whose life they so ruthlessly <unk> ” noirtier had succeeded in <unk> his emotion more than could have been deemed possible with such an enfeebled and shattered frame . d ’ artagnan , “ it will be a double amusing affair to save the queen with the cardinal ’ s money ! ” pentecost to me ? this country	218.5265655517578
marvelously ! ” crouching behind a <unk> filled with leaves ; the something rose , uttering an exclamation of astonishment , and monte cristo found himself facing a man about fifty years old , who was plucking strawberries , which he was placing upon grape leaves . said my enemy , in a jeering tone , ‘ that ’ s quite another thing . rochefort cast a glance toward mazarin , which was answered by one , equally furtive , from the minister . himself like a vagabond or a thief , he should have <unk> ” changed ; another valet was engaged for himself , a new servant for noirtier , two women had entered madame de villefort ’ s service , —in fact , everywhere ,	227.19439697265625
to the concierge and <unk> , new faces were presented to the different masters of the house , thus <unk> the division which had always existed between the members of the same family . me in my father ’ s house , in my room , on my bed of sickness ? stated the number of guests . ” excellency , if it would amuse you ; and i will get you the torch you ask for . madame de morcerf who is come to you , it is mercédès . ” said , “ or you are lost . still more insolent success at a time when blows poured down like hail , had borne him to the top of that difficult ladder called court favor ,	122.97589111328125
which he had climbed four steps at a time . for information , which common politeness will not permit me to refuse . ” they , “ not in bed at a quarter past eleven . the king , “ that consoles me ; they are not all traitors . ” not know your house ? ” asked debray . shoulders . <unk> was but a servant , please to <unk> blessed with the hands ; he held out both his arms while the hebrews beat their enemies , and then he blessed them with his two hands . while saying these words , milady uttered two or three savage cries , which produced a strange and melancholy effect in flying away into the night , and losing	144.4100341796875
themselves in the depths of the woods . make me appear a very eccentric character . ’ t doubt that . ” me . cried , wringing her beautiful hands , “ what ! force me—— ” chapel d ’ artagnan felt his courage fall anew , and returned to look for athos ; but athos had disappeared . smugglers , but i thought that since the capture of algiers , and the destruction of the <unk> , pirates existed only in the romances of <unk> and captain <unk> . ” powerful , valentine , but say what you will , i can never renounce the sentiment which has instinctively taken possession of my mind . , ” said anne , “ i also , duke , have	116.35220336914062
had presentiments ; i also have had dreams . sir , and god keep you ! ” murmured charles . in molière ’ s comedy of _l ’ <unk> . , stretching out into the island , was a large subterranean cavern , to which my mother , myself , and the women were conducted . say so ! ” a frightful story to me . ” grow late , and then , as today , people went to bed early in the quarter of the luxembourg . surprised him , and when she inquired what had become of her lover , it seemed to him that she was the judge , and he the accused . reflected . raised all this revolt . ” going , monsieur	126.69306182861328
, where are you going ? ” any accident . it understood these words , bent its red nostrils toward the king ’ s face , and parting his lips displayed all its teeth , as if with pleasure . the bell they hastened into the corso by the via <unk> . pang that fernand endured . , ” said the abbé , as he re-entered the subterranean passage , in which he soon disappeared , followed by dantès . and i heard the flooring creak beneath his footsteps . ” said valentine . had all disappeared , and each countenance only preserved the expression of its own secret <unk> behind all present happiness is concealed a fear for the future . that is he ; but his	156.02406311035156
name ? ” accompany him ; fernand agreed to do so , deserted his post , and followed the general . off the two diamond studs from the shoulder of the duke of buckingham ; it was you who had madame bonacieux carried off ; it was you who , in love with de wardes and thinking to pass the night with him , opened the door to monsieur d ’ artagnan ; it was you who , believing that de wardes had deceived you , wished to have him killed by his rival ; it was you who , when this rival had discovered your infamous secret , wished to have him killed in his turn by two assassins , whom you sent in pursuit of him	122.5217514038086
; it was you who , finding the balls had missed their mark , sent poisoned wine with a forged letter , to make your victim believe that the wine came from his friends . , not being able personally to examine in detail the domestic economy and household arrangements of a man who gave away horses worth 30,000 francs and who went to the opera with a greek slave wearing diamonds to the amount of a million of money , had deputed those eyes , by which she was accustomed to see , to give her a faithful account of the mode of life of this incomprehensible person . its victims to be seen with their limbs distorted and their flesh lacerated by torture , so madness	313.73675537109375
is always concealed in its cell , from whence , should it depart , it is conveyed to some gloomy hospital , where the doctor has no thought for man or mind in the mutilated being the jailer <unk> to him . very well ; not only him , but some of his friends , messieurs porthos and aramis ! ” choose to discover yourself , because you are the leader of an ambuscade , ” returned d ’ artagnan ; “ but with regard to myself , who am traveling quietly with my own servant , i have not the same reasons as you have to conceal my name . ” and forth . ” importance as to overcome all preoccupation . mercédès might one day be	132.78109741210938
his . or not , whether in paris or cairo , the abbé always left something to give away , which the valet distributed through this wicket in his master ’ s name . should arrive today at ten o ’ clock ; he was waiting for me at nine at the barrière de fontainebleau . am in the hands of an avenging god ! of different persons done with the right hand <unk> , that performed with the left hand is invariably uniform . ” it . ” and fixed glances , in her solitary apartment , how well the <unk> of passion which at times escape from the depths of her chest with her respiration , accompany the sound of the surf which rises , <unk>	174.70774841308594
, roars , and breaks itself like an eternal and powerless despair against the rocks on which is built this dark and lofty castle ! please , and , besides , you must <unk> something to <unk> minds . pledged my word , and unless you order me to be arrested i shall be forced to return . ” worse off in a week . ” , aramis , and even though i had no need of it i still should keep it . house that madame de longueville inhabited and the convent of the jesuits , an open space surrounded by a hedge . swearing , which at that period was a very <unk> habit . cried milady , who began to feel a chill penetrate her	165.56234741210938
heart . said caderousse ; “ but you pay the score . ” comminges , ” he continued ; “ get out of the carriage if you can and make another draw up ; be quick , or in five minutes the mob will be on us again with swords and muskets and you will be killed . ” and the old man bowed his head . have told you , do you not ? ” them . ” , at the hour debray usually chose to pay a visit to madame danglars on his way to his office , his _coupé_ did not appear . much the loss of the money that vexes me , ” said villefort , “ though , after all , 900,000 francs	83.76032257080078
are worth regretting ; but i am the more annoyed with this fate , chance , or whatever you please to call the power which has destroyed my hopes and my fortune , and may blast the prospects of my child also , as it is all occasioned by an old man relapsed into second childhood . ” ” said monte cristo , “ family griefs , or indeed any other affliction which would crush a man whose child was his only treasure , are endurable to a millionaire . to submit to such a stain on his father ’ s honor . ” danglars , darting at edmond a look gleaming with hate . be registered as charlotte backson . ” place we shall never find another	189.10887145996094
so suitable . s clothes <unk> therefore keep a servant ; i have none , and am obliged to prepare my own meals . occupation , for i am so . ” they sleep ? ” he asked . ” returned the italian . , quietly waiting till the cloud should have dispersed which had gathered on the brow of danglars , and which he attributed to his silence ; but , on the contrary , to his great surprise , it grew darker and darker . and exquisitely <unk> little <unk> figure , with large curls falling on her neck , which was rather too long , as <unk> sometimes makes his virgins , and her eyes dull from fatigue . dantès was absent . it ;	153.39952087402344
the thing is impossible . ” said morrel , endeavoring to conceal his own emotion , “ listen , i entreat you ; what i am about to say is very serious . never say what may happen ; at present we and these gentlemen are excellent friends . ” with some great misfortune ? ” ” , who , during this dialogue , had sat gravely plucking the partridges with the air of a man proud of his office , and asked him how these men had landed , as no vessel of any kind was visible . ” said de winter , “ for they are the same men . ’ artagnan is ! ” said athos , shrugging his shoulders ; and he made a	80.09600067138672
sign to grimaud to bring another bottle . me to confine myself to a sort of prison , from which he will release me by one of his satellites . ” this evening ? ” hand , ” he said . , the half that was <unk> understand ; it was exquisite , sir . monsieur de chavigny had started on a journey that morning and in his absence la ramee was <unk> of the chateau . were three days without anything to eat or drink , so that we began to think of drawing lots who should feed the rest , when we saw _la gironde_ ; we made signals of distress , she perceived us , made for us , and took us all on board	137.28134155273438
. here at midnight . ” sought for a long time on the perch , to which it had retired to die of old age . ’ t you come there also ? ” dreaming ; tell me , sir , ” he said to the sergeant , “ do you know those three gentlemen who are just gone out ? ” sir , ” replied m. cavalcanti ; “ in italy the nobility generally marry young . ” ” called his phantom ; it was his stranger of meung , of the rue des fossoyeurs and of arras . the musketeers keep guard , ” said he . agreed that they should meet again in the evening at athos ’ s lodging , and there finish their	87.26885986328125
plans . beg you , that i am his humble servant . ” . , i am a <unk> to you ? ” a rope-ladder and tools . ” would have given 20,000 . sire ; he is the son of one of my oldest friends—the son of a man who served under the king your father , of glorious memory , in the civil war . ” , whom assuredly at that moment she hated more than broussel , with outstretched arms . a gun had been the young man ’ s greatest ambition . mordaunt . say i was a stranger to you . must make another struggle against the grief of his friend , and taking the hands of emmanuel and julie , which he	106.28689575195312
pressed within his own , he said with the mild authority of a father : sufficient ; a man can pass through that . ” , then. ” and monte cristo took the letter , which he opened and read . . ” here , and i will show it to you . ” ? ” demanded milady . are considered the <unk> in the <unk> , and a pack of <unk> which are unequalled for twenty leagues around . ” do that , excellency ; i have always served you faithfully , ” cried bertuccio , in despair . whispered to the king : “ it is the comte de la fere and his friends . ” are shut <unk> . ” the shore of the lake	67.32584381103516
, ready to cover our retreat ; they were kneeling on the lowest of the marble steps , and in that manner intended making a rampart of the three others , in case of pursuit . father ’ s past history . to sail , and the captain was waiting on the wharf . to the last <unk> , he is almost at the point of dishonor . ” get out at that window ? ” how i have missed him , the great simpleton . m. zaccone . ” selim , my father ’ s favorite , whom i mentioned to you just now . morrel had told her son everything . of voices which continued to draw near , amid which she seemed to hear her	105.64115142822266
own name pronounced . related all our affair to the cardinal , which is not to be doubted , and if he has recognized me , as is probable , i may consider myself almost as a condemned man , ” said d ’ artagnan , shaking his head . recital , sirs , ” said the queen , turning to the duc de chatillon . , the young man began to laugh aloud , looking round carefully , however , to see that his solitary laugh , without a cause in the eyes of passers-by , offended no one . pistache this difficult question , who was the greatest thief in the world ? , and greatly attached to his only nephew , a young captain of	90.58965301513672
the highest promise , took paper and pen , and made his will . rose half out of the water , waving his cap , and uttering a loud shout peculiar to sailors . from his breast , and he cried , good-natured , as brave , as proud , and above all , as gascon as his ancestor , but less <unk> educated . protection of the town was given up to the turks by a french officer named fernand , in whom the grand vizier , ali tepelini , had reposed the greatest confidence . ” ; “ and now you may ruin us all . ” breakfast came , therefore , i did not hesitate to eat and drink . and <unk> unobserved or <unk>	168.69371032714844
of ; at certain conventional moments , the spectators would suddenly cease their conversation , or rouse themselves from their <unk> , to listen to some brilliant effort of moriani ’ s , a <unk> <unk> by coselli , or to join in loud applause at the wonderful powers of la specchia ; but that momentary excitement over , they quickly relapsed into their former state of preoccupation or interesting conversation . demon sent upon the earth ! ” said athos . in , if you really wish it . ” them of their mistresses , but he was neither acquainted with porthos ’ s nor aramis ’ s , and as to athos , he had none . out of the two hundred francs i left you	214.80967712402344
? ” who was a nobleman of your acquaintance , ” continued d ’ artagnan , looking intently at athos . morrel , “ do you wish me to retire ? ” of the great man ! ” cried bonacieux . dream of calling aramis a coward ? the court , the duke and the young woman followed the wall for the space of about twenty-five steps . ” resumed mordaunt , “ we must set out without delay , to-day is the last day granted me by the cardinal . this ! man , restrained for a minute by a last hesitation ; but there was such an ardor in his eyes , such persuasion in his voice , that she felt herself constrained to confide in	80.71511840820312
him . ” said monte cristo , “ paris is a strange city , and the parisians a very singular people . to a distance to discover aramis . , without being on that account an assassin , ” said the man in the red cloak , rapping upon his immense sword . the meeting which he had at the church , and how he had found that lady who , with the seigneur in the black cloak and with the scar near his temple , filled his mind constantly . not kill my son ! ” ” murmured winter , his eyes glazed and he allowed his sword to fall to his side . morrel , “ this purse is not yours ! ” julie handed to	105.52047729492188
her father the letter she had received in the morning . , as he gazed at monte cristo dilated horribly . , ” said he , “ you are launched ; you have dukes for friends , a marshal of france for godfather , a prince of the blood as commander , and on the day of your return you have been received by two queens ; it is not so bad for a novice . ” of it . a murder ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . ” cried rochefort . in france , and knew the traitor lived in paris , i have watched carefully . in a letter . have discovered a secret for which richelieu would have paid twenty thousand crowns ; without	78.50621032714844
reckoning the value of that diamond ” —he cast a complacent look at the ring , which he had kept , instead of restoring to d ’ artagnan— “ which is worth , at least , ten thousand francs . ” the midst of the crowd , the buzzing , and the laughter , the door-keeper ’ s voice was heard announcing some name well known in the financial department , respected in the army , or illustrious in the literary world , and which was acknowledged by a slight movement in the different groups . ” cried dantès ; “ you are <unk> will not die ! ? ” timidly asked the old soldier . you manage to stow me ? ’ have just returned from yanina	159.315673828125
. ” with you for watching over yourselves , when you watch so carefully over others . his sweetest smile to touch his lips to milady ’ s , but she <unk> him . to the count , and entered the adjoining room . and we shall overtake him ! ” the jailer , retreating and putting himself on the defensive ; “ you are certainly going mad . father of his soldiers . and preparing to march . ” of love . her about three years ago , although she had but very little dowry , because monsieur laporte , the queen ’ s cloak bearer , is her godfather , and <unk> her . ” for : if marie michon should be threatened with any danger	120.55587005615234
the queen was to send her a <unk> bound in green velvet . ” arose , and <unk> a closet with a key suspended from his gold chain , took from it a little silver casket , beautifully carved and chased , the corners of which represented four bending figures , similar to the <unk> , the forms of women , <unk> of the angels <unk> to heaven . see , vicomte , that you are lately from the provinces and have never so much as seen him . on this occasion , if only to be faithful to our oath , ” said aramis . what brand you are talking about . ” . with an accent that left no doubt of his sincerity ; dantès rose	153.6380157470703
, dispersed the fragments with the same precaution as before , and pushed his bed back against the wall . he , half laughing , half serious ; “ i hope the carnival will not pass without some amends in one shape or the other . ” mazarin , ” he said to himself . , as if plunged in reflections entirely personal . two friends , who had nothing important to say to each other , and follow aramis . s steps ; he first kills m. de <unk> ” height he had ascended the previous evening , and strained his view to catch every peculiarity of the <unk> ; but it wore the same wild , barren aspect when seen by the rays of the morning	161.6385955810547
sun which it had done when surveyed by the <unk> glimmer of eve . chapter 24 . said the baron , seating himself in the armchair opposite that occupied by milady , and stretching out his legs carelessly upon the hearth , “ it appears we have made a little <unk> ! ” not striking , as the queen since her marriage had slept badly and wept much . don ’ t you in the first place want a horse ? ” terms , do you really think that what you do deserves being called anything ? ” , athos proposed that they should lay aside their arms and military costume , and assume a dress more suited to the city . ago , ” said d ’	154.33653259277344
artagnan . ’ clock . with her is her daughter ? ” day before yesterday , i believe ; you see there has been no time lost . ” , beg your majesty to <unk> ” of a struggle , but of a failure . away ; the hours , one after another , seemed to awaken the clock as they passed , and every blow of the <unk> hammer resounded upon the heart of the prisoner . , has <unk> you to take this step , one for which the court is deeply indebted to you , and which is perfectly natural , considering your birth and your misfortunes ? ’ — ‘ sir , ’ replied haydée , ‘ i have been led to take this	95.9858169555664
step from a feeling of respect and grief . it be ? ” night , they intend me to be <unk> . far you pledge yourself , my good friend , for i may remind you of your promise at some , perhaps , not very distant period , when i , in my turn , may require your aid and influence . ” ” said fernand , restraining him , “ stay ! artagnan with an expression of profound admiration . slowly with her hand , while drawing him nearer with her look ; but felton , in his turn , embraced her more closely , imploring her like a <unk> . the little vampa displayed a most extraordinary <unk> . mazarin , whom that single word	110.05021667480469
always inspired with a great respect . matter ? banker ’ s look , and turning to monte cristo , who understood it perfectly , — “ did you see , ” said he , “ how he looked at me ? ” passed through all the streets lying between the <unk> and the st. eustache church , watching carefully to ascertain the popular feeling . in which the wounded man lay . ” replied milady ; “ she first , and he afterward . ” sir , but i thought it really very fine and grand ! ” and sound ? ” asked the host . was you ! ” lively mood to his room and sent to the swiss the things that belonged to him .	95.81200408935547
” ” replied the queen , “ i have lost the habit of commanding and have adopted instead that of making petitions . a piece of evidence , and being in safety behind the angle of the trench , he began to interrogate the wounded man . it sympathy of heart ? ” you if i am murdered ? in english : ‘ you are a coward . , ” said planchet ; “ you do not know me yet . him inward consolation ; it was expected by everybody that the campaign would be a severe one . have considered the disclosure of m. de villefort insignificant , or else dictated by venal <unk> ” these words were an allusion to the sentiments which the minister of	107.1865234375
police had uttered with so much confidence an hour before . , if he had not understood it . kind of vertigo . port you make ; i shall be sure to find employment . ” be in it ! ” such a place . ” my dear <unk> ask the question as a <unk> have seen m. de monte cristo in his house , you are <unk> , have much knowledge of the world , more <unk> than is usual at your age , do you think the count is really what he appears to be ? ” prefect of police arrived ten minutes before ten , he was told that lord wilmore , who was precision and punctuality personified , was not yet come in ,	106.52556610107422
but that he would be sure to return as the clock struck . then know him ? ” cried julie , whose eyes sparkled with joy . first , and instantly rang the bell . myself , m. morrel , for after this first visit has been paid i have another which i am most anxious to pay . ” purchase a dog from one of his keepers . ornamented ; and if you and i dress ourselves as neapolitan <unk> , we may get up a striking tableau , after the manner of that splendid picture by léopold robert . moment . ” return home to write a treatise , and requested his friends not to disturb him . and laughed aloud . , gentlemen , ”	154.55967712402344
answered athos , gravely ; “ you are eating horse . ” in certain <unk> , of which paralysis is one . la rochelle appeared impregnable . unaffected contempt he passed on . ? ” by a private entrance , closed the door of the study , and soon the rustling of a dress announced the arrival of valentine . the preceding evening . made the tears start from monte cristo ’ s eyes ; but these tears disappeared almost instantaneously , for , doubtless , god had sent some angel to collect <unk> more precious were they in his eyes than the richest pearls of guzerat and <unk> . _ though i should like to have seen porthos on my yellow horse . . ” house be	172.30165100097656
sent to yanina ? the king , “ we shall soon see whether my highlanders have betrayed me or not . ” said planchet , with dignity , “ i know them and i answer for them . ” <unk> this fernand with your father . ” had little presents and <unk> , which you tried to hide from your poor friend caderousse . colonel , and let him know that we are always at his commands as far as london and farther . ” the young girl , blushing with delight , and fairly <unk> in excess of love , “ you see he has not forgotten me , for here he is ! ” and rushing towards the door , she opened it , saying ,	91.95767974853516
“ here , edmond , here i am ! ” arise , vicomte , embrace me . ” that , i shall take care , i assure you . you shall be treated like a prince , as you are . ” that if by your fault any evil happens to d ’ artagnan , i will find you , wherever you may be , for the purpose of <unk> up your <unk> . ” pity , ” said athos , coolly . they will fight , none the less , if only to mask the conferences . ” then they fear me ! ’ ” he said , “ i am going away . s probable , ” said d ’ artagnan . cromwell ; “ you	54.74855041503906
have done , since i knew you , not only your duty , but more than your duty ; you have been a faithful friend , a cautious negotiator , a brave soldier . ” determination , read the two letters . a desire , in case his death happened during his absence from paris , that his body might be brought to the family vault . and ordered him to acquaint m. and madame de morcerf of the arrival of the count of monte cristo . his own room ; and after asking bernouin , who stood at the door , whether anything had occurred during his absence , and being answered in the negative , he desired that he might be left alone . ” said	105.30519104003906
grimaud . said luigi , ‘ yesterday evening you told me you would give all the world to have a costume similar to that of the count ’ s daughter . ’ was an important consideration to be surrounded by such men as tréville . on the shoulder , his usual mode of <unk> ali , who , pleased and gratified with the commission assigned him , walked calmly towards a projecting stone forming the angle of the street and house , and , seating himself <unk> , began to smoke his chibouque , while monte cristo re-entered his dwelling , perfectly assured of the success of his plan . was concealed by the young man in the effect of this interview , and therefore he had suggested	153.28334045410156
it . my mind returns to that terrible period i have no recollection of anything but the rigid corpse of poor madame bonancieux . possessing the right to dispose of my daughter ’ s hand . replied the magistrate , “ i arrest you in the name of the law ! ” had dug , and now , with the aid of the torch , saw that his pickaxe had in reality struck against iron and wood . expected . hear and those who have eyes see ; i can tell you nothing more at present . ” porthos . to be seen in the palais royal . . of the _pharaon_ had not yet reached the old man , who , mounted on a chair , was	107.28475189208984
amusing himself by training with trembling hand the nasturtiums and <unk> of clematis that <unk> over the <unk> at his window . sir , ” he interposed , “ that the two <unk> ” perfectly passive during this long preamble , while , on the contrary , villefort ’ s eye was endeavoring to penetrate into the inmost recesses of the old man ’ s heart . of this angelic creature ! ” cried felton . ” said mazarin , bowing , “ i desire that you give me a share in your friends , as i have shared with you the little industry and talent that heaven has given me . his master entertained of someday entering into orders , he was always clothed in black ,	137.99151611328125
as became the servant of a churchman . by all means . , ” said danglars , restraining the young man ; “ drunk as he is , he is not much out in what he says . that is a most delicate attention on your part , signor pastrini , ” cried franz . me ? ” brought a boiled <unk> piece of magnificence which caused the eyes of the <unk> to dilate in such a manner that they seemed ready to burst . ” was not guilty , i swear it <unk> ” birth of andrea <unk> your son ; is not his name andrea ? ” across his forehead , which was clouded with doubt . <unk> of paper ? ” ready ? ” you	93.00123596191406
have an hour ; _ ’ or ‘ <unk> . ’ ” captain in the queen ’ s guards for twenty years , ” was the reply . them , and they stopped before him . this recital , delivered with the greatest simplicity , the duke looked from time to time at the young man with astonishment , as if he could not comprehend how so much prudence , courage , and devotedness could be allied with a countenance which indicated not more than twenty years . . at hearing these words . little dinners , where one touches on one side the hand of a friend , and on the other the foot of a mistress . is absolutely in custody ? ” said the marquise	107.14784240722656
. , sir , ” said louvieres ; “ and we shall see then who can speak the loudest . ” me , ” said mordaunt , “ and i have seen neither goat nor kid caught among the bushes of the plain . ” him as a master would not buy him as a slave . i go in consequence of an order from the cardinal , no one will believe you anxious to follow me . ” great lady she would have fainted ; but as she was only a procurator ’ s wife , she contented herself saying to the musketeer with concentrated fury , “ eh , monsieur porthos , you don ’ t offer me any holy water ? ” his name .	86.64936828613281
” me , but he is one of those known , i believe , to the cavalier of whom your majesty did me the honor to speak . ” ” replied debray ; “ you can not make me believe that ; on the contrary , you were in excellent spirits when you arrived at the count ’ s . servant entered . , and go on with your story . ” you , my dear friend , ” replied dantès , “ and to you only . assembly when they saw that the confidence of the prisoner increased in proportion to the terror of m. de villefort . d ’ herblay ? ” ” said aramis , “ you speak like nestor , who was , as	45.7476692199707
everyone knows , the wisest among the greeks . ” is so serious and important that i have not informed my friends that i would <unk> this secret to you ; and for a captain ’ s commission i would not write it . ” prayers , have availed me nothing . the gray twilight at the entrance of the cave , formed by the reflection of the few rays of daylight which had found their way into this gloomy retreat . called to the host and announced that a wounded man was about to be brought to his house and begged him in the meantime to prepare everything needful . he was confined in the château d ’ if , and i should like to learn some	123.63600158691406
particulars of his death . ” life had depended upon the spot to which she was going or upon the person who should accompany her , d ’ artagnan would have returned home , since he had so promised . ? ” said the attendant . ? ’ asked his wife , pale as death . appeared at the windows and the people attracted to the end of the street began to run , first men , then groups , and then a crowd of people ; hearing cries and seeing a chariot they could not understand it ; but friquet sprang from the entresol on to the top of the carriage . house at auteuil ? ” sure , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ unless	85.69509887695312
, forsooth , the sky rains friends upon him . ” the condition of affairs . pistoles ; where is it ? ” he had passed through , nor in the one which his eager glance pervaded , could he see anyone ; however slowly the stranger had walked , he was gone on his way , or perhaps had entered some house . ” to pass your time till i come back ? say exactly , ” answered the gascon , confused . herself in the shadow behind a velvet curtain , and as she constantly bent over her child , it was difficult to read the expression of her face . answered the count . to do with you ? ” said the captain . doctor	119.04725646972656
, ” said villefort , “ he is quite coming round again ; i really do not think , after all , it is anything of consequence . ” the duke , “ i will thank you later ; now we have not a moment to lose . one remedy , dear <unk> is , to marry her as a <unk> ” remarked d ’ artagnan . d ’ artagnan was at the hôtel des gardes ; he found planchet all ready . his arms , and carried her out of the circle of firelight . do ? ” <unk> father ? ” . ” months he had learned to read . ? ” ” said aramis . winter accompanied the supper . with hatred as he thought	52.30345916748047
of the three men who had caused him so long and wretched a captivity . state of mind he listened to the murmurs from below , which even reached him in his seclusion , and to the guns , the firing of which resounded through that room . cardinal , m. de tréville was the man whose name was perhaps most frequently repeated by the military , and even by citizens . he was not prepared for the dignity of the <unk> esprit . m. de tréville , fixing upon his compatriot a look so piercing that it might be said he wished to read the thoughts of his heart , “ on account of my old companion , your father , as i have said , i	112.96019744873047
will do something for you , young man . antoine ? ” asked the governor . de nargonne , your first husband , being neither a philosopher nor a banker , or perhaps being both , and seeing there was nothing to be got out of a king ’ s attorney , died of grief or anger at finding , after an absence of nine months , that you had been <unk> six . , ” said albert , “ to hear such words proceed from the mouth of anyone but an actress on the stage , and one needs constantly to be saying to one ’ s self , ‘ this is no fiction , it is all reality , ’ in order to believe it .	120.41729736328125
never played . me strength ; but now all is lost . ” shot at ten paces and missed his man ; and the spaniard , who had advanced to meet raoul , aimed in his turn , and raoul felt a pain in the left arm , similar to that of a blow from a whip . i , who am master of the universe , as was <unk> . ” mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works , by using or distributing this work ( or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “ project gutenberg ” ) , you agree to comply with all the terms of the full project gutenberg™ license available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license	200.8494415283203
. awakened himself , and as he awoke , stood up exactly like a soldier under arms . magnificent prison . to be unjust to them , monsieur ; they are your compatriots . ” my friend , search ; and when you have found , you will tell me , will you not ? ” not know ! , morrel , ” said the count , “ that i do not need entreating to spare the life of m. de morcerf ; he shall be so well spared , that he will return quietly with his two friends , while i—— ” tell us you have procured a carriage ? ” asked albert , lighting his cigar . swordsman can have very little weight , ” replied	79.0011215209961
d ’ artagnan , who began to be uneasy at the turn things were taking , “ and you had better be satisfied , believe me , with the knowledge of these gentlemen . ” by an unforeseen piece of ill luck , had quarreled with the officers , disguised as stable <unk> ” , and pressed her almost bursting heart . vultures ; so we opened the bird , and this time all special symptoms had disappeared , there were only general symptoms . to be refused , the more so as the person for whom the yacht was intended had gone upon a tour through switzerland , and was not expected back in less than three weeks or a month , by which time the builder	192.02052307128906
reckoned upon being able to complete another . . me of itself . ” if advantage had been taken of his sleep , and having found his diamond ring on his finger , his purse in his pocket , and his pistols in his belt , he rose , paid for his bottle , and went out to try if he could have any better luck in his search after his lackey than he had had the night before . should forget that visit , you would find no inconvenience in reminding him of it ? ” know ? ” inquired franz . , was tied securely to a horse . de salvieux that i would like to see him . ” to tours without telling me anything	98.22106170654297
? ” ? ” aramis jumped up . profited by the moment . answered de winter ; “ but the case is provided for and i am come to france to seek allies . ” time , my friend , as the cardinal says , a musketeer against my will , but a churchman at heart , believe me . ” and came to meet him in his chair . . ” said the queen ; “ you and your friend are worth an army . ” must be so severely punished by the loss of your love that he stands in need of no other chastisement . ” ” aramis , “ suppose the master is a puritan ? ” was a good mother , since it	74.30465698242188
was for my son ’ s sake i became criminal . more than i deserve , sire , that your majesty may never have occasion to recall the first opinion you have been pleased to form of me. ” the minister of police thanked the young man by an eloquent look , and villefort understood that he had succeeded in his design ; that is to say , that without <unk> the gratitude of the king , he had made a friend of one on whom , in case of necessity , he might rely . , ” answered the gascon , “ i differ from monsieur d ’ herblay entirely as to the last point , though i agree with him on the first . had already	101.34825897216797
drunk half a glass . managed so secretly but that it became known to the queen . the two lamps placed on cromwell ’ s desk , in order that the combatants might have as much light as possible ; and the swords crossed . any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions . ” had business to transact with linen drapers , to whose houses i conducted her . ” not be separated for an instant . ” to speak . herblay , ” resumed de winter , “ is one of those gallant musketeers formerly belonging to his majesty king louis xiii. , of whom i have spoken to you , <unk> ” then turning to athos , he continued , “ and	166.63131713867188
this gentleman is that noble comte de la fere , whose high reputation is so well known to your majesty . ” come here . of whom i have heard her speak with <unk> ” albert rose and took his hat ; the count conducted him to the door . porthos , as if in pain . age of forty-six . court plunged into satire . old ? ” and extended his hand , which she as usual raised to her lips . only crime is to have at the same time the good fortune and the misfortune to be your husband . ” to me ; i go into the garden , i plant , i prune , i <unk> , i kill the insects all day	113.79307556152344
long . ” , and was no more heard of . speak ; but she made an affirmative sign with her head as she lay on her father ’ s breast . state prison like this , that persons are stationed outside the doors of the cells purposely to overhear the conversation of the prisoners . ” <unk> albert had detected beneath their coquettish disguise was touched by his gallantry ; for , as the carriage of the two friends passed her , she threw a bunch of violets . me ? ” him , albert ? spoken one word , answered merely by a word and a gesture . to the project gutenberg™ license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at	170.0025177001953
the beginning of this work . though , ” replied the sailor ; “ you looked more like a brigand than an honest man , with your beard six inches , and your hair a foot long . ” artagnan gave his name very modestly , <unk> the title of compatriot , and begged the servant who had put the question to him to request a moment ’ s audience of m. de tréville—a request which the other , with an air of protection , promised to transmit in due season . her chamber , and d ’ artagnan was about to retire , when he felt his shoulder lightly touched . ” for this can not last . for the sake of making me talk that you	121.46177673339844
invent this story and create this personage . ” villefort , “ have you any enemies , at least , that you know . ” cried i . hour , he heard a faint noise , which increased . my <unk> , ” said madame de villefort to monte cristo , leaning back on her sofa and motioning towards valentine with her hand . i exchange the half of this wealth for the happiness of at least sharing my father ’ s love . bewildered , to and fro on the vessel , and mournful cries accompanied these delirious <unk> . that . s true . , ” cried athos . worthy jailer what favor i this instant solicited of him . ” be here so young !	127.53228759765625
t crush him flat . is ! well , ” murmured the king , “ yes , this is just the account the duke gave me of the affair . style . ” condition , and promised on his honor not to seek to discover the road they took . , and then resumed , “ i told you well that she would know me . , my lad ; in three days we shall be delivered from this creature , and where i shall send her she can harm nobody . ” confidence in me ? ” would hold me in aversion , and i do not at all wish that ; on the contrary , i desire to stand high in her esteem . ” intention	97.15705108642578
to give a journal of the siege , but on the contrary only to describe such of the events of it as are connected with the story we are relating , we will content ourselves with saying in two words that the expedition succeeded , to the great astonishment of the king and the great glory of the cardinal . number of my friends . servants who waited in the antechamber were warned , for as soon as d ’ artagnan appeared , before even he had asked if milady were visible , one of them ran to announce him . , ” said felton , “ and i have come . ” when athos heard his young , joyous voice calling to grimaud and olivain , he	110.81328582763672
sighed . it and i now repeat it : our destinies are irrevocably united , although we now pursue <unk> roads . ? ” inquired the count , who seemed to become somewhat interested in bertuccio ’ s story . , bowed gracefully to albert , and extended her hand with cordial kindness to franz ; then , inviting albert to take the vacant seat beside her , she recommended franz to take the next best , if he wished to view the ballet , and pointed to the one behind her own chair . wounded and might denounce their crime , they came up to him with the purpose of making sure . a diplomatist . ” champs-élysées there resides a very rich gentleman . ” sir	219.8815155029297
, ” answered raoul . was mistaken . else . ” , read novels , and speculate at cards , since she can no longer do so on the bourse . ” i wish more , ” replied mazarin . sure ! ” responded danglars , who had now approached the group , “ nothing more than a mistake , i feel quite certain . ” the prisoner to be more careful , and departed . a thirty-six-pound ball to his feet , and threw him into the sea . ” me a louis on account . ” there , i would have cut off the head of that infamous being without thinking of it , or even after thinking of it . ” now if he does	86.73986053466797
not recognize me ! ’ each word fell like a dagger on morcerf , and deprived him of a portion of his energy ; as she uttered the last , he hid his mutilated hand hastily in his bosom , and fell back on his seat , overwhelmed by wretchedness and despair . hired for you . ” of a person wounded in a dream ; he feels the wound , though he can not recollect when he received it . seen seated on a fence had got down , and was still pacing the street ; but , strange as it appeared , he cared not for those who might pass from the avenue of the champs-élysées or by the faubourg saint-honoré ; his attention was engrossed	158.9236297607422
with what was passing at the count ’ s , and his only aim appeared to be to discern every movement in the dressing-room . the conversation and had understood it . and threw it open ; he recognized louvieres at the head of a troop of about three or four thousand men . , and this time it was not my sleep that enabled the coward to prevail , but my swoon . ” what morrel suffered during this <unk> . busoni . ” sprang , from his chair , hastily opened one of the drawers of his desk , emptied all the gold it contained into his pocket , stood motionless an instant , his hand pressed to his head , muttered a few inarticulate sounds	148.7075653076172
, and then , perceiving that his servant had placed his cloak on his shoulders , he sprang into the carriage , ordering the <unk> to drive to m. de saint-méran ’ s . he was so very desirous to complete the poor devil ’ s punishment . . ” side of the room as he would have done from a serpent which was <unk> toward him , and his sword coming in contact with his nervous hand , he drew it almost unconsciously from the scabbard . she had run away at the moment of her master ’ s arrest . more , ” said she . , one , ” said monte cristo , “ whom you do not condemn like poor danglars ? ” that	57.376670837402344
! ” said porthos . ” left , down a corridor which had escaped the attention of the two friends , but as he opened the door he paused , as if in thought . since we can not perform the journey in less than seven or eight hours , do not keep me waiting . ” ’ <unk> be <unk> in him to tremble , ” replied aramis , “ for even i feel a shudder at the recollection ; hold , just above that tree is the little spot where i thought i was killed . ” understand , ” said porthos . other clocks , slower than that of saint-philippe-du-roule , struck the hour of midnight from different directions , and excepting the rumbling of	122.24653625488281
a few carriages all was silent . , my father , ” said he to the jesuit ; “ monsieur d ’ artagnan will enjoy our conversation better . ” adventure of the preceding day in all its details ; how , not having been able to sleep for the joy he felt in the expectation of seeing his majesty , he had gone to his three friends three hours before the hour of audience ; how they had gone together to the tennis court , and how , upon the fear he had manifested lest he receive a ball in the face , he had been <unk> at by bernajoux , who had nearly paid for his jeer with his life , and m. de la trémouille	103.28524780273438
, who had nothing to do with the matter , with the loss of his hôtel . about to return to the palazzo bracciano without loss of time , when suddenly a luminous idea crossed his mind . references to project gutenberg : a sign with his hand , and all retired except d ’ artagnan , who did not forget that he had an audience , and with the tenacity of a gascon remained in his place . for i shall not only , i trust , relate the little i do know , but also a great deal i do not know . ” , was quite conversant with all aristocratic intrigues , amid which she had constantly lived for five or six years . young	108.57418823242188
man with light hair , red beard , black eyes , and brilliant complexion , whom his master had so particularly described to him . chair , took the pen and signed . added madame de villefort , “ is quite agreeable to the wishes of m. d ’ épinay and his family ; besides , he had no relations nearer than an uncle and aunt , his mother having died at his birth , and his father having been assassinated in 1815 , that is to say , when he was but two years old ; it naturally followed that the child was permitted to choose his own pursuits , and he has , therefore , seldom acknowledged any other authority but that of his own will	124.51696014404297
. ” carlini ! ’ cried the brigands ; ‘ that is acting like a good fellow ; ’ and they all formed a circle round the fire , while diavolaccio disappeared . they are the only men who know how to live . i in your place , and did i feel conscious , as you do , of being worshipped , adored , with such a love as mine , a hundred times at least should i have passed my hand between these iron bars , and said , ‘ take this hand , dearest maximilian , and believe that , living or dead , i am <unk> only , and forever ! ’ ” ” said athos , “ i will continue , then .	126.14155578613281
smile ; the devoted mother felt that she ought not to allow the whole weight of the sacrifice to fall upon her son . to be sure ; he took you for the devil , my dear fellow , and hastened to warn me of the danger that threatened my soul if i should meet again a companion so wicked as an officer of musketeers . ” believed i had accomplished the end and aim of my undertaking , for which i had so exactly <unk> my strength as to make it just hold out to the termination of my enterprise ; and now , at the moment when i reckoned upon success , my hopes are forever dashed from me . among the branches , and his	154.34498596191406
keen eyes plunged through the transparent panes into the interior of the pavilion . monsieur d ’ artagnan this stranger meant to quarrel ? ” much gold and splendor , are now reflected by the mirror in which monte cristo seeks to behold dantès . boudoir , hung with blue damask , adorned by red flowers , with a foliage of gold , looking upon a garden ; and reclined upon a sofa , her head supported on the rich tapestry which covered it . mercédès , “ but i have seen him whom i loved on the point of murdering my son . ” revenge ? ” ! , ” exclaimed cromwell , pleased at having his opinion of the young man raised once more ; “	152.8863067626953
i will give them to you ; i will not even ask who they are ; do as you like with them . ” group he began to breathe more freely ; but he could not help observing that they turned round to look at him , and for the first time in his life d ’ artagnan , who had till that day entertained a very good opinion of himself , felt ridiculous . . “ the keeper of the prison at saint germain will set councillor broussel at liberty ; ” and she had signed it . . the head , danglars signed to the count to be seated , pointing significantly to a gilded armchair , covered with white satin embroidered with gold . desire	125.42242431640625
. ” you free ? ! ” answered d ’ artagnan , “ you are too good ; as to our liberty , we have that ; we want to ask something else of you . ” his father ; but that father was dead . ” de guiche . ? ” he murmured , as he stepped into the oblong and grated vehicle which they call “ the <unk> basket . ” nervous shudder , since the dinner at auteuil , and the events which followed it , that madame danglars heard monte cristo ’ s name announced . but not unsaddled ; the grooms supped , for it was already late , and their two masters , impatient to return , appointed a place of meeting	90.84647369384766
with them on the jetty and desired them on no account to exchange a word with any one . as often as you can ; that is to say , as often as you can with safety . not come ? ” said d ’ artagnan . monte cristo , “ is the politeness of kings , according to one of your sovereigns , i think ; but it is not the same with travellers . ? ” not my secret . ” . one of those melancholy smiles which had so often made valentine happy , and thus fixed his attention . , ” said danglars , in his coarse tone , ill-concealed by a forced smile , “ that you have already got horses enough .	72.71177673339844
” offered them to the queen with deep and silent anguish . planchet , in a mournful tone , “ do you abandon me thus to my fate ? poor child ? ” . that idea , ” replied the count of monte cristo , putting his foot on the <unk> steps of his splendid carriage , “ and that will be worth something to me among the ladies . ” ? ” , he called his valet . the tastes of the day ? ” made me tremble . ! ” said porthos . to himself , nevertheless , porthos stretched out his hand , and the four friends repeated with one voice the formula dictated by d ’ artagnan : quite elated about it ? ”	67.26554870605469
<unk> the way , morcerf , that indirectly concerns you—i am calculating what the house of danglars must have gained by the last rise in <unk> bonds ; from 206 they have risen to 409 in three days , and the prudent banker had purchased at 206 ; therefore he must have made 300,000 livres . ” ” replied caderousse , “ in this corner is a crucifix in holy <unk> on this <unk> is my wife ’ s testament ; open this book , and i will swear upon it with my hand on the crucifix . fireplace in my dungeon , ” replied faria , “ but it was closed up long ere i became an occupant of this prison . during my absence . room	198.79629516601562
? ” ” which the <unk> of the turks , the <unk> of the <unk> , the stake and the brand of the <unk> <unk> , are <unk> tortures , and which are unpunished by society ? valentine , “ who on this earth cares for me , if he does not ? barriere des sergens to the place of notre dame , and friquet found in it very real enjoyment ; but when at last the regiment separated , penetrated the heart of the city and placed itself at the extremity of the rue saint christophe , near the rue cocatrix , in which broussel lived , then friquet remembered that he had not had breakfast ; and after thinking in which direction he had better turn	163.57949829101562
his steps in order to accomplish this important act of the day , he reflected deeply and decided that councillor broussel should bear the cost of this repast . opposition , and had no occasion to turn around to see whether the three others were following him . , which in gascony had rendered him formidable to young chambermaids , and even sometimes their mistresses , had never dreamed , even in moments of delirium , of half the amorous wonders or a quarter of the feats of gallantry which were here set forth in connection with names the best known and with details the least concealed . in him the terrible secret of which chance had already communicated to him a part in front of the samaritaine	314.54473876953125
. who had been crouching in a ditch jumped up and came towards them . porthos , looking complacently at his old lackey as he went away , “ you are right , d ’ artagnan ; mouston will do ; mouston has a very fine appearance . ” rolling and <unk> the paper in his hands . to speak to him . ” said , negligently , “ this money is not mine . dignified step , and some little haste . horses ! ” cried d ’ artagnan to him . advancing toward the square , and the moment the coadjutor and the curate put their feet on the first church step the mendicant arose and proffered his brush . the cardinal would be the ruin	96.65946960449219
of our hopes ; and our hopes are thus far the only recompense we have for labors in comparison with which those of hercules were <unk> . ” , telling me if i did not pay for you , he would be paid by m. morrel ; and so , you see , lest he might do you an <unk> ” more of the cardinal ’ s guards , no more de <unk> , nor other bloodhounds . the regret which drags the living to the pursuit of death ; or are you only suffering from the prostration of fatigue and the weariness of hope deferred ? you , sir , ” continued madame de villefort , “ as the only one who has the right of doing	124.34774017333984
so , inasmuch as i am the only one who will receive no personal benefit from the transaction , —i come to entreat you to restore , not your love , for that she has always possessed , but to restore your fortune to your granddaughter . ” ? ” cried jussac . i assure you such is not the case . to find someone of whom he could ask a question . porthos . , in the future . ” one mind in contending against the tyranny of charles and his adherents . of darkness , on these nocturnal laborers , with a kind of fear ; he asked himself , if , after having called forth these foul creatures from their <unk> , he should have	135.95143127441406
the power of making them retire again . right ; go up the first flight and knock at number one . and you ? ” meeting with my son this morning ? ” asked the general . to the stables ; day was just <unk> . a sign to cocles , who went first ; the seamen followed him and emmanuel brought up the rear . <unk> . ” sweet smile , and but for his paleness one might have thought him in his usual happy mood . of me , rochefort ? ” voice of de rochefort . that was her name ; and now absolve me , for i am dying . ” , he is somewhat wilful ; but really , on referring for the	120.81627655029297
moment to what he said , do you truly believe that mithridates used these precautions , and that these precautions were efficacious ? ” . some precautions to conceal himself , porthos believed he had not been seen . , my dear cavalcanti , ” said the count , pouring out for him a second glass of alicante ; “ your emotion has quite overcome you . ” that his sister-in-law is on the point of having someone assassinated , and beg him not to lose sight of her . four , ” said athos ; “ the two parties would then be equal . ” said : “ go , my child. ” edward ran out . downcast . signora , ” said albert , “ i	99.92412567138672
am listening with the most intense delight and interest to all you say . ” the lane , d ’ artagnan turned to the left . t know what hotel it is ; all i do know is that i observed some suspicious looking people go in there—— ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , wasting his strength in useless efforts . see her ? ” noirtier again made an affirmative sign . reaching his abode in the champs-élysées , the count of monte cristo went over the whole building with the air of one long acquainted with each <unk> or corner . he put the <unk> in again . light , they rise but to mislead . he heard the entrance of danglars into the room	130.58621215820312
. will go on by the <unk> 6 . monte cristo ; “ mercédès ! on that armchair ? ” asked he . it destroyed , in favor of the court , the struggle commenced with parliament . at nine o ’ clock . ” la fere ? ” asked the king . to see you . door and here ’ s the key . ” his orders . <unk> in the lock ; he listened until the sound of steps died away , and then , hastily <unk> his bed , saw by the faint light that penetrated into his cell , that he had labored uselessly the previous evening in attacking the stone instead of removing the plaster that surrounded it . calming the general ,	92.5451889038086
and he rushed on his adversary . , monsieur d ’ artagnan , give him that name . ” who led him through a long succession of apartments and paused at length before a closed door . the substance was greenish . very late , ’ hastily interposed la carconte . an hour you will be a king , not a king of a petty kingdom hidden in some corner of europe like france , spain , or england , but king of the world , king of the universe , king of creation ; without bowing at the feet of satan , you will be king and master of all the kingdoms of the earth . returning from his meeting with the count , perceived his father	146.37701416015625
watching for his arrival behind a curtain , and turned aside . madame de chevreuse , the duke of buckingham , or madame de <unk> ? ” mousqueton to pick up the bottles . was busy grooming them , and had already finished two . ” and , although they were not to sit down to table until seven o ’ clock , dinner was ready and served up . , the sight of the guards had exasperated the mob . you a happy man , and you have turned out a murderer . ” his eyes . he dreaded the <unk> effect of all that he saw . over it and pronounce the name of a dear <unk> friend lost to him forever ; and on his	107.65013122558594
death-bed , when the near approach of eternity seemed to have illumined his mind with supernatural light , this thought , which had until then been but a doubt , became a conviction , and his last words were , ‘ maximilian , it was edmond dantès ! ’ ” freedom than he is , so it will be your business to get him out . ” hour after the event . ” additional crime , punish me , but if you will allow that ever since the day of my birth my fate has been sad , bitter , and lamentable , then pity me . ” servant of a musketeer , when once the blood mounted to his fat cheeks , seized a <unk> and began	175.2064666748047
<unk> blaisois , saying : ” asked monte cristo quickly , with an imperceptible gleam of hope . . stopped at the idea , i hope ? ” the new , or rather old , acquaintances of the count of monte cristo , residing in the rue meslay , were no other than maximilian , julie , and emmanuel . tonight ? ” friend . and there was a profound silence . not go . rise from his seat and go towards the door , as though to ascertain if his horse were sufficiently refreshed to continue his journey , caderousse and his wife exchanged looks of deep meaning . breast a little cross set in diamonds , which , like the order , had been the gift	114.8011245727539
of henrietta maria . me , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ if ever i find him . ” out his watch ; at length it pointed to seven . wicked are great drinkers of water ; as the flood proved once for all . ” please . ” muttered la carconte when left alone ; “ it is a large sum of money , but it is not a fortune . ” morrel , “ death had entered that house twice within one month . ” with ink . ” ” said the young girl , “ do you understand now , and is your conscience perfectly at rest on the subject ? ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . not of that deadly pallor	68.24140930175781
which is a kind of neutral beauty , but of a <unk> , yellow hue ; his <unk> hair was short and scarcely extended beyond the circle formed by the hat around his head , and his light blue eyes seemed destitute of any expression . ” replied the governor . blood on the <unk> ” and he set off to follow the two friends . is not of your own suggestion , is it ? ” said monte cristo . you say so ? ” said the servitor , opening the gate . the countess , breathlessly , with her eyes fixed on monte cristo , whose arm she convulsively pressed with both hands , “ we are friends , are we not ? ” and making	110.42811584472656
a violent effort to control his feelings , — “ i have a son , ” said he , “ and i ought to think of him , finding myself among assassins . ” athos . could not be mistaken in this one thing . . ” porthos ; “ armentières ? <unk> am happy ! ” told <unk> him . ’ to undertake it with him , and i agreed . ” this ? ” including cavalcanti and his son , notwithstanding the <unk> of the one and the carelessness of the other , were thoughtful , on finding themselves assembled at the house of this incomprehensible man . the dinner service . the little village of festubert , where the wounded servant was , and then	88.49722290039062
skirted the wood of <unk> . , edmond , ” she continued . shouted , “ a fowl for his excellency ! ” his voice yet echoed in the archway when a handsome , graceful , and half-naked young man appeared , bearing a fowl in a silver dish on his head , without the assistance of his hands . replied the young girl , whose astonishment increased at every word uttered by luigi , ‘ but of course your reply was only to please me . ’ ; and if there is a bottle of wine in the town let mousqueton buy it . troops and have you confidence in them ? ” mind easy , ” said the doctor ; “ he is dead . these	122.19618225097656
men ; but there is another over me . ” , though there did not appear to be sufficient wind to ruffle the curls on the head of a young girl . d ’ artagnan presented himself at milady ’ s at about nine o ’ clock . woman travelled from rogliano to paris to fetch me , and having claimed me as her son , carried me away . it with as much impatience as i do ; perhaps this evening madame bonacieux will visit the conjugal domicile . ” half-past twelve o ’ clock madame danglars had ordered her horses , and had left home in the carriage . upon a coverlet taken from the bed of d ’ artagnan , and which d ’ artagnan	90.95596313476562
from that time made shift to do without . musketeers were on their feet , and saluted with respect . lords on the other side of the <unk> frequently marry into plain families ; like jupiter , they like to cross the race . ; they are two qualities out of the four . ” caderousse , “ one can ’ t always <unk> is not a dog . ” am determined to have the announcement of yesterday contradicted . sixty or sixty-five years ; but a certain <unk> and appearance of vigor in his movements made it probable that he was aged more from captivity than the course of time . a corner of the carriage , he continued to ponder over the singular history he had	184.15159606933594
so lately listened to , and to ask himself an interminable number of questions touching its various circumstances without , however , arriving at a satisfactory reply to any of them . ramee returned , full of <unk> , like most men who have eaten , and more especially drank to their heart ’ s content . she knew , turned anxiously around , the door opened , and fernand , dressed in the uniform of a sub-lieutenant , stood before her . excellency of an innkeeper from nîmes who had set up a little tavern on the road from bellegarde to beaucaire . ” danglars , rather humble , “ what do you mean by that ? ” , ” said the latter , “ i know	141.3543243408203
a man who has rendered great services to a very popular prince and who would make an excellent leader of revolt . do you only wear such a fine golden baldric to suspend a sword of straw from it ? them . 600,000 francs , my bills are returned unpaid , and , more than that , i hold bills of exchange signed by him to the value of 400,000 francs , payable at his correspondent ’ s in paris at the end of this month . , the count turned around and burying his head in his cloak murmured the name of a woman . pale ; he was wounded in his <unk> : he thought that it was in his <unk> . delight to find that	145.24911499023438
the king was lying with his clothes on . , “ i much fear that what you ask for are very rare things in this detestable and barren country , and i think we should do better to go and seek hospitality from the owner of a little house we see on the fringe of the forest . ” , a flight which my father was trying to effect . of an immense treasure , and offered vast sums to the government if they would liberate him . ” he , “ i am no longer able , as i had hoped , to restore you immediately to liberty ; before doing so , i must consult the trial justice ; what my own feeling is you already	142.89125061035156
know . ” vampa appeared before danglars . been overheard by anyone ? ” as suddenly as it came , and is forgotten . ” us justice . fearful agony pervaded her frame , and she sank panting into the arms of porthos and aramis . the count . ” said the queen , moved even to tears , “ this is the first time for five years i have felt the least approach to joy or hope . begone ! ” said kitty . indispensable , were they ? ” the crowd and i could not find him again . ” to look about him ; the hôtel de ville , a massive sixteenth century building , was on his right ; anyone could descend from the	122.5918197631836
openings in the tower , and examine every corner of the roof below , and andrea expected momentarily to see the head of a gendarme appear at one of these openings . ” said he ; “ leave the rest to me . ” of these , mechanically fixing his eyes on the graves . was raised and a noble and handsome head , but frightfully pale , appeared under the fringe . ? ” said porthos . athos , “ the poor abbé was not a st. <unk> , and i repeat , marie michon was an adorable creature . ” , ” said the skipper , showing his face . and have not yet been used . wife of the first magistrate in the capital shall	121.1912612915039
not , by her infamy , soil an <unk> name ; that she shall not , with one blow , dishonor her husband and her child . ” the two friends . commit any new originality ? ” valentine . the procurator ’ s wife . s hand , and drew near the count . reply to his most illustrious eminence ? ” a species of giant on the steps . that you will not tell her that your father ever served hers . ” him ? ” result had surpassed his utmost expectations . you deliver me up to him who fills and defiles the world with his heresies and <unk> that infamous <unk> whom the blind call the duke of buckingham , and whom believers name	153.6663055419922
antichrist ! ” enemies ; and let me give you a piece of advice ; take care of yourself , monsieur d ’ artagnan , for from the moment i withdraw my hand from behind you , i would not give an <unk> for your life . ” of it. ” then , aloud : ” thought porthos , giving mordaunt his whole attention , “ were it not for breaking in on the majesty of the situation i would leap down from the bench , reach mordaunt in three bounds and strangle him ; i would then take him by the feet and knock the life out of these wretched musketeers who <unk> the musketeers of france . dear count . ” of this prejudice was the	140.65553283691406
friendship of anne of austria for mme . these remarks with the rapidity of a most minute observer , and doubtless from an instinctive feeling that this stranger was destined to have a great influence over his future life . but bazin was asleep in the ante-chamber , and aramis was obliged to shake him by the ear to awake him . . ” avoid <unk> the freshness of the magnificent baldric we are acquainted with ; but on timidly opening his eyes , he found himself with his nose fixed between the two shoulders of <unk> is to say , exactly upon the baldric . fact to make all the ladies in paris court his notice , and that is , that he has come to take	144.35874938964844
up his abode in paris for a year , during which brief period he proposes to spend six millions of money . , but before it reached the spot occupied by monte cristo the latter had advanced yet nearer , still unperceived . a <unk> from his pocket began to <unk> a few prayers while the clerk disappeared through the same door by which danglars and the attendant had gone out . some signals only addressed to you . ” is sincere , ” replied athos , “ he will never reach london . ” nebuchadnezzar ? ” said mordaunt , with a terrible smile ; “ no , it is charles the first , the king , the good king charles , who <unk> his subjects to	120.96834564208984
enrich himself . ” on franz ’ s shoulder . an imperceptible smile and began . down , and they felt themselves obliged to descend from dreams to reality ; after having exhausted the ideal , they found they must talk of the actual . board saw this person approach , he left his station by the pilot , and , hat in hand , leaned over the ship ’ s <unk> . this morning . cried buckingham , forgetting everything in thinking from whom that letter came . on that point , ” answered villefort , with one of his sweetest smiles ; “ you and i will always consult upon our <unk> . ” then laid his permit on the corner of the table , and	140.94046020507812
having fulfilled his duty , was conducted out by d ’ avrigny . the morning the four thousand piastres are not in my hands , by seven o ’ clock the count albert will have ceased to <unk> . ” her , then , if you have her no longer ? ” the cheeks of valentine , for the name just announced by the count dispelled all the fear with which his presence had inspired her . at liberty as you suppose ; on the contrary , i have a most important engagement . ” your own for as long as you like . to m. danglars ? story . athos , with a deep sigh . , tell him all ; his consent would be your justification	91.1398696899414
in god ’ s sight . paris ; he can ’ t go out without being <unk> by his admirers . ” la ramee . , debray ? ” moment in which she has just obtained from richelieu a _carte blanche_ by the means of which she is about to take vengeance on her enemy , this precious paper is torn from her hands , and it is d ’ artagnan who holds her prisoner and is about to send her to some filthy botany bay , some infamous tyburn of the indian ocean . prince took in the extent of country that lay before him , from lens as far as <unk> . ” asked raoul the rue des fossoyeurs . he was deceived , and it	137.35479736328125
was but one of those dreams that <unk> death ! re-echoed athos ; “ everything is arranged and decided . ” myself , for i suffered fourteen years , <unk> years i wept , i cursed ; now i tell you , mercédès , i must revenge myself . ” the young man , “ let us demand hospitality of these smugglers and bandits . ! ” cried she , “ my god ! the man who followed danglars ordered him to do the same . ” do now ? ” asked the young man . women flying toward the high street , leaving their children crying at the open doors , hastened to don the cuirass , and supporting their somewhat uncertain courage with a musket or	107.9587631225586
a partisan , directed their steps toward the hostelry of the jolly miller , before which was gathered , increasing every minute , a compact group , vociferous and full of curiosity . she was a young girl ; i married her in opposition to the wishes of all my family ; i gave her my wealth , i gave her my name ; and one day i discovered that this woman was <unk> woman was marked with a _fleur-de-lis_ on her left shoulder . ” the direction of the lys . a knot of straw in his hat . ” m. de tréville , “ we fancy that we have each cause to complain of the other , and i am come to endeavor to clear up	126.5804443359375
this affair . ” sir , are at my disposal and i choose to dispose of them as i like . ” to him . ” of the welfare of her dear buckingham . as yourself , ” cried albert , “ could scarcely have required an introduction . ” that what we most ardently desire is as ardently withheld from us by those who wish to obtain it , or from whom we attempt to snatch it . dark blue coat ? ” unjust to believe so ; but during the last two or three days i have obtained proof to the contrary , for which i thank <unk> it would have cost me very dear to think she had forgotten me . around , recognized them	144.5325164794922
, and uttered an exclamation of savage delight . them , sire ; but i leave your majesty to judge what five armed men could possibly be going to do in such a deserted place as the neighborhood of the convent des carmes . ” milady , “ for you i will wait . ” cried she , wiping away her tears , and resuming her firmness , “ i am resolved not to die of remorse , but rather of shame . the other side of the wall . most assuredly , ” said the eyes of the paralytic , for he closed them with an expression which valentine could not mistake . than all the royal signatures , ” thought d ’ artagnan . the grief	89.4579086303711
of parting , ” said monte cristo , “ and maximilian has doubtless provided himself with everything requisite ; at least , i advised him to do so . ” dear d ’ artagnan , _morbleu ! _ let us drink while the wine is fresh ! morrel ; “ you disapprove of this second project , as you did of the first ? ” madame ? ” inquired danglars , visibly agitated . boulogne ? ” demanded she of milady . ” said athos , “ since here they are . that was the crime , the real crime , for in that i acted like a coward . indulgence of his <unk> encouraged him . the countess , “ it was certainly empty during the first	77.9688491821289
act ; ” then , resuming the subject of their previous conversation , she said , “ and so you really believe it was your mysterious count of monte cristo that gained the prize ? ” looking every now and then at the count to see if the moment of farewell was at hand , but athos was silent . the angle of which was the pavilion , ran along one side of this lane , and on the other was a little garden connected with a poor cottage which was protected by a hedge from passers-by . this morning ? ” he inquired . out better than i am , dear count . ? ” asked the comte . , if this be the case , —if	121.44446563720703
you can no longer weep , if your frozen heart be dead , if you put all your trust in god , then , maximilian , you are <unk> not complain . ” , my lord ? ” , <unk> , and pampinara had disappeared . does not speak french , that i might tender him my compliments . ” for obtaining a copy of or access to a project gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement , you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.e.8 . <unk> end of the world ? ” a smile yet more terrible than his anger , “	118.25856018066406
it is true , then ; you do not deny it ! ” she moved forward . disposed to become the most tender of lovers , was at the same time a very devoted friend . , just as he removed his bed from the wall , he heard three <unk> ; he threw himself on his knees . . protested against showing himself in a ministerial box , declaring that his political principles , and his parliamentary position as member of the opposition party would not permit him so to commit himself ; the baroness had , therefore , despatched a note to lucien debray , bidding him call for them , it being wholly impossible for her to go alone with eugénie to the opera .	174.1888427734375
uttered these words when a ringing and sudden noise was heard resounding through the felucca , which had now become dim in the obscurity of the night . entered before them and waited for them . ” hard , ” added she , “ that a man upon whose affection i thought i might depend , treats me thus <unk> and will not comply with any of my fancies . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , as if to sum up in a word all that conversation , “ if only his eminence would <unk> and grant to monsieur de la fere our liberty . ” for the hope of the nation and the spirit of the lord are with me . a quarter of an hour	107.98641204833984
, i answer for everything , madame ; believe me , i know the people ; they are like a great child , who only wants <unk> . said he , “ whether he is now or has been an executioner , this unfortunate being is none the less a man . in the united states , you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook . him , he must believe in the gratitude of the heart ! ” of his voice to warn them of their danger , but they saw it themselves . d ’ artagnan . ” city by the porta del popolo , skirt the outer wall , and re-enter by the porta san	116.4161376953125
giovanni ; thus they would behold the colosseum without finding their impressions dulled by first looking on the capitol , the <unk> , the arch of <unk> <unk> , the temple of <unk> and <unk> , and the via <unk> . soldier ’ s arquebus , made him go on before him , and urged him toward his companion by <unk> him behind with his sword . time you tasted oysters , tea , porter , <unk> , and sundry other dainties which you now adore , did you like them ? , from which it derives its name . ’ t mount ? ” have declared that he was not fatigued , but athos insisted on his retiring to his chamber , conducted thither by raoul .	180.45721435546875
said louis xviii. , with repressed smile , “ come in , baron , and tell the duke all you know—the latest news of m. de bonaparte ; do not conceal anything , however serious , —let us see , the island of elba is a volcano , and we may expect to have issuing thence flaming and bristling <unk> , <unk> <unk> . ” for the convenience of the house , to lodge in the fourth story ; and truth obliges us even to confess that his chamber was just above the <unk> and below the roof . ” resumed aramis , “ listen to me . only for my own sake , i should prefer to die ! ” aramis . us , ” observed athos	148.506103515625
, on reaching the spot where they had had a dispute with the <unk> , “ how he would tremble at passing this ! jacques la boucherie ; ” and delighted with the success of his embassy , friquet started off at the top of his speed . as a thing already decided . ” danglars , smiling , “ they are bonds on the bank of france , payable to bearer . ’ s restoration , a visit was made by the inspector-general of prisons . , my friend . ” money , ” said d ’ artagnan to himself , “ i would go away ; but i have none . communication with the baron danglars ? ” the count inquired of albert de morcerf .	90.87771606445312
tréville , ” said the king ; “ listen to him ! to the new jailer , although the latter was , if possible , more taciturn than the old one ; but still , to speak to a man , even though mute , was something . refer ? ” said monte cristo with well-feigned interest . it—what is going on here ? ” said he , in a jeering voice , on seeing the prisoner sitting up and felton about to go out . to him but could not utter a word . me this morning of your heart , i may <unk> ” he now laughs ; he grew thin , he now grows fat . his eye was the <unk> , drawn by the	105.22257232666016
abbé on the wall , by which he calculated the time ; then he saw the remains of the bed on which the poor prisoner had died . ? inconvenient in that , ” said the cardinal . ? overwhelmed the coachman with every <unk> he could lay hands on . terrible if taken literally , were received by the other workmen with a roar of laughter . asked the cardinal . . letter ; it must be with my title deeds . ” again ! ” said the count ; “ tell me till you are weary , that i have restored you to happiness ; you do not know how much i require this assurance . ” ” replied mousqueton . name of the place when	76.0064468383789
the wind blew my letter away , i suppose to the spaniards ; there ’ s no use in thinking any more about athos . ” said maximilian , coming to the count ’ s aid , “ monsieur is quite right . that word , ” returned the young man ; “ it is at once cruel and unjust . command me , that ’ s another thing , ” said bicarat . unfortunately for the prisoners , the abbé faria had an attack of catalepsy , and died . ” rang to announce the drawing up of the curtain for the second act . for the price i asked . ’ much to allow you to put on a mask to aid you in the discovery	116.68195343017578
of our secret , and then to remove it that you may ruin those who have confided in you . . he had been sent thither by m. de tréville to treat for a supply of horses , and that he had brought back four as specimens . was the cry . to us , to four men who compelled such a man as richelieu to act as we pleased ? turn and found the two friends walking up and down . , my father summoned me and my mother to the terrace of the palace ; these were hours of recreation for me , as i never saw anything in the dismal cavern but the gloomy countenances of the slaves and selim ’ s fiery lance .	152.45570373535156
nor killed , nor murdered . ” command , my lord , ” returned d ’ artagnan . ! ” cried he . is a delightful place ? ” , ” said milady , “ how should i repay such a service ? , maximilian ; it is nothing , and has already passed away . me ? ” the man came towards edmond , who heard a heavy metallic substance laid down beside him , and at the same moment a cord was fastened round his feet with sudden and painful violence . retire . ” represent providence ? ” cried mercédès . continued losses , kept up a vigorous play with his knee . the key of the room where he had hidden them , and	88.76542663574219
accompanied by porthos returned to settle with mousqueton , who , naively , and like the worthy steward that he was , handed them four hundred and thirty louis and kept one hundred for himself . a single word , bowed , took the letter , with the order for the two hundred pistoles , and retired . speak of , ” said mazarin , smiling inwardly on seeing rochefort approach the point to which he was leading him , “ those men were not devoted to the cardinal , for they contended against him . ” ” cried milady , with vehemence , so that the baron might believe she was addressing heaven , and that felton might understand she was addressing him . , my cares	127.31774139404297
, my exile , and my chains , i have my youth , my prayers , and god , who counts my pains . ” take my pay at this moment , to the full extent of my wishes . ” , who were close to him ? ” these lackeys , with a <unk> in the left hand . ” were behind her and the women again were behind the men . and so solemn , that everyone rose , with the exception of carlini , who remained seated , and ate and drank calmly . hideous . ” sir ? ” ? the baron , on leaving her “ you will not escape tonight ! ” have hopes of obtaining what i have been for years	111.66014099121094
endeavoring to persuade the marquise to promise ; namely , a perfect <unk> and forgetfulness of the past . ” . ” thinking so , ” returned franz calmly ; “ but you merely fall into the same error which leads so many of our countrymen to commit the most <unk> blunders , —i mean that of judging the habits and customs of italy and spain by our parisian notions ; believe me , nothing is more fallacious than to form any estimate of the degree of intimacy you may suppose existing among persons by the familiar terms they seem upon ; there is a similarity of feeling at this instant between ourselves and the <unk> more . ” floor of the house in the rue saint-germain-des-prés ,	247.15554809570312
where albert de morcerf had selected a home for his mother , was let to a very mysterious person . ” said the young man , “ a glass of wine , father , will revive you . act as sentinels . redistributing project gutenberg™ electronic works ; they must get to london . of joy and clapped his hands . on the <unk> of your excellency ’ s bedroom . ” the old wife of a <unk> of the châtelet , monsieur , named madame coquenard , who , although she is at least fifty , still gives herself jealous airs . he reiterated . on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this	121.7343521118164
agreement . power of your seductions upon many men , and unfortunately you have always succeeded ; but i give you leave to try them upon this one . abbé . ambition ! ” replied d ’ artagnan , with feverish <unk> . ? ” i shall be delighted to see you there . ” retire from thee without pride or hatred , but not without many regrets ; he only knows that the power confided to me has never been made <unk> to my personal good or to any useless cause . on the morrow and the day after that , and each day milady gave him a more gracious reception . to make peace with this gallant man , ” said d ’ artagnan to himself	106.04576873779297
, having stood on one side during the whole of the latter part of the conversation ; and with this good feeling drawing near to aramis , who was departing without paying any attention to him , “ monsieur , ” said he , “ you will excuse me , i hope . ” wife with much astonishment . we have to do with a gentleman . ” is arrested because he has defended the people ! ” the reason people die so multitudinously ( i like the word ) at m. de villefort ’ s is that there is an assassin in the house ! ” ” said he . kind of sentry box out of a hollow willow , and as they drew near he put	104.11468505859375
his head out and gave a low whistle . laporte , to make the king more courteous to monsieur le cardinal , to whom both he and i are under such important obligations . ” upon a sofa , with his hand pressed upon the wound . noise was heard . touched at leghorn , he remembered a barber in st. <unk> street ; he went there to have his beard and hair cut . ” said a light-horseman , with a glass of brandy in his hand , which he sipped slowly . to that ; but i must make you see this time that it is too late to retreat . ” him ? ” demanded the chief . rue saint-jacques ! ” exclaimed villefort ,	122.43350219726562
unable to repress an exclamation . generous , am i not , mother ? ” in the background , and take all the glory to himself . the child bade fair to realize his hopes , while madame de villefort reprimanded her son with a gentleness and moderation very far from conveying the least idea of a fault having been committed . join the escort . ” friend , ” replied the doctor , “ you will soon cease to suffer . ” pen more is effected than by the sword . vessel was a vain refuge , that trembled and shook before the tempest . her husband ’ s feet . of <unk> ’ <unk> . the president , ‘ may reference be made to the count	169.34078979492188
of monte cristo , who is now , i believe , in paris ? ’ line of politics his father had adopted , and which might interfere , unless he acted with the greatest prudence , with his own career , gérard de villefort was as happy as a man could be . , that you very nearly ruined forever that of my master ; and that it was owing to you that he was very nearly being damned eternally for remaining a musketeer , whilst all the time his true vocation was the church . ” next day to milady ’ s , and finding her in a very ill-humor , had no doubt that it was <unk> of an answer from m. de wardes that provoked	116.85277557373047
her thus . her <unk> more and more . my friend , dear athos ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , in a faltering voice and almost staggering from agitation . moment that danglars was worth from six to eight millions of francs , and had unlimited credit . use of the spur , arrived at st. omer without drawing bit . ? ” went on board the _pharaon_ , everybody could see that you held a letter in your hand ? ” him ? ” ” said athos , “ it must be preserved carefully . so bid you , ” answered morrel , “ it is your duty . said another guard , who might have been thought asleep on a bench , but who had	93.91390228271484
lost not a syllable of the conversation , “ do you suppose that men can escape their destiny ? were a mere matter of form . ; and dantès saw that it came from mercédès ’ chamber . crowd of people , who opened a way for us to pass , when suddenly my mother , having looked closely at an object which was attracting their attention , uttered a piercing cry and fell to the ground , pointing as she did so to a head which was placed over the gates , and beneath which were inscribed these words : countenance , saddled the horses quickly and mounted his own without making faces over it . at the coach door ; the coachman took care of his	183.27146911621094
horses , the lackey held the saddlehorses . athos , haughtily , “ we are gentlemen , and to save our heads we would not be guilty of a falsehood . ” lord , you invoke in your defense things which accuse you more strongly . for the last time with them . ; in the meantime , we will have a merry night ; this young girl is charming , and does credit to your taste . aside , it would probably be on the path which led to the little gate ; but this examination was as useless as the first , and with a bursting heart i returned to the thicket , which now contained no hope for me . ” ” said athos .	120.1272201538086
opening for a man to pass through . wish ; that was that he should kill me . away , the count thought he heard a slight noise in the dressing-room ; this first sound , or rather this first <unk> , was followed by a second , then a third ; at the fourth , the count knew what to expect . rid of the dormice chapter 62 . her , sorrowful and resolute . <unk> gifts would gladly have poured out their thanks to their generous benefactor , but they had seen him , upon quitting the hut , merely give some orders to a sailor , and then springing lightly on horseback , leave marseilles by the porte d ’ aix . me and propose	185.07070922851562
to the chevalier . ” selfishness , but of delicacy . see me already so <unk> can i introduce into my house so much scandal , after so much sorrow ? my soul much more than in my body . ” was to come . , are you aware that it is simply civil war you are proposing to me ? ” . he , “ is it not strange ? ” and he pointed out to d ’ artagnan the scratch he had remembered . taken , the effect is produced . m. d ’ épinay , “ it is not , perhaps , the moment for mademoiselle valentine , who is in deep distress , to think of a husband ; indeed , i <unk> ”	83.70590209960938
caderousse , “ but how ? ” <unk> ? ” ” kinds better than anything ; so that he related to me how in the plains of the <unk> the natives hunt the tiger and the wild bull with simple running <unk> which they throw to a distance of twenty or thirty paces the end of a cord with such nicety ; but in face of the proof i was obliged to acknowledge the truth of the recital . more violent than the rest caused him to open his eyes ; then he felt that he was still being carried with great rapidity over the same country , thickly strewn with broken <unk> , which looked like granite giants petrified while running a race . it , ”	182.7060546875
said d ’ artagnan . s box , i believe . ” ; you may speak of her country and of her youthful reminiscences , or if you like it better you can talk of rome , naples , or florence . ” the letter ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan . a prison , for i tried in vain to get out of it . my head is clear , but this demon , the gout , o ’ <unk> me . , ” continued aramis , who , seeing his captain become appeased , ventured to risk a prayer , “ do not say that athos is wounded . in person ! ” said aramis , hastening forward . ready to follow you . ”	62.05929946899414
perhaps , ” suggested athos , “ whom they have pardoned at the price of regicide . ” ” said monte cristo , with a calmness which contrasted strangely with the young man ’ s excitement ; “ yes , i would do so . ” door . five o ’ clock ; you must stand in need of repose . not the world a wilderness ? ” she exclaimed , throwing herself into the arms of mademoiselle d ’ armilly , her eyes sparkling with the same kind of rage which made nero wish that the roman world had but one neck , that he might <unk> it at a single blow . not be as silent as usual , but speak to dantès , and seeing	90.19544219970703
that he received no reply , go to the bed , and thus discover all . ’ s hoofs again , it seems , athos , ” he said carelessly . replied d ’ artagnan . mean , is it not , dear grandpapa ? ” the count , “ the friends that we have lost do not repose in the bosom of the earth , but are buried deep in our hearts , and it has been thus ordained that we may always be accompanied by them . good as a century ! pay his <unk> court to her ; and the self-satisfied gascon was convinced that sooner or later she could not fail to respond . count with an indescribable expression of anxiety . ” exhausted	105.89372253417969
her strength , she fell , not asleep this time , but fainting on the floor . promise . haitian , or neapolitan bonds ? ” said monte cristo . you speak thus , and i <unk> well for edmond from it . ” then ? ” ceased to bear that name . ” de pierrefonds . ” you need money for your expedition , sell them fearlessly , my lord . d ’ artagnan , “ i am going out for all day , perhaps . ” to you beyond a doubt . ” to do there ? ” asked morrel . to be caused by some unexpected attack , either of the besieged or the english , sprang to their swords . its hinges . ,	72.14640808105469
general <unk> and the <unk> . ” sir , ’ said haydée , drawing from under her veil a satin <unk> highly perfumed ; ‘ for here is the register of my birth , signed by my father and his principal officers , and that of my <unk> , my father having consented to my being brought up in my mother ’ s faith , —this latter has been sealed by the grand <unk> of macedonia and epirus ; and lastly ( and perhaps the most important ) , the record of the sale of my person and that of my mother to the armenian merchant el-kobbir , by the french officer , who , in his infamous bargain with the porte , had reserved as his part	170.3379669189453
of the booty the wife and daughter of his benefactor , whom he sold for the sum of four hundred thousand <unk> ’ a greenish pallor spread over the count ’ s cheeks , and his eyes became bloodshot at these terrible <unk> , which were listened to by the assembly with ominous silence . his arm in which he held the lantern , put his head in at the half opened door , and seeing that the cabin was nothing better than a shed : at the door through which mazarin had passed , d ’ artagnan tried in vain to open it , but on the powerful shoulder of porthos being applied to one of the panels , which gave way , d ’ artagnan introduced	122.94001007080078
the point of his sword between the bolt and the <unk> of the lock . there were not many intruders . her figure and the perfumes she had about her , that she was young and fastidious in her tastes , but that was all . refund - if you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it , you can receive a refund of the money ( if any ) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from . i met with a spaniard in my <unk> who had seen many countries , and among them the new world . ” ” said he . . ” so , my lord , ”	141.55519104003906
said bernouin ; “ but you will hear about him , for la ramee is here and awaits the commands of your eminence . ” , blushed like a rose , and leaned against the baluster . what i was the bearer of ? ” ’ artagnan , you are the best one among us ; i bless and love you , my dear son . ” that i have eaten nothing since ten o ’ clock this morning , and i am devilish hungry . ” no , ” replied de winter . , ” continued the queen , “ i know your disinterestedness too well to speak of my own gratitude at such a moment , but i swear to you that i shall not forget	61.417354583740234
this second service as i forgot the first . ” that mademoiselle danglars is as good as m. de morcerf . ” ” said she , “ that is too bad . ” said , “ ’ tis a warning from heaven . ’ s carriage passed several times the one in which was teresa . ” have discovered nothing , at least you have had the good sense to persevere in your suspicions . parry , ” said the bishop , “ i have nothing to fear ; so allow me to salute your majesty and to tell you who i am and for what i am come . ” , ” said grimaud . “ illustrious coxcomb ” receiving a shower of blows from cardinal bentivoglio	86.43976593017578
, whose servant he had been ; another , the “ illustrious mazarin ” acting the part of <unk> <unk> in a tragedy of that name ; a third , the “ illustrious mazarin ” stealing the portfolio of prime minister from monsieur de chavigny , who had expected to have it ; a fourth , the “ illustrious coxcomb mazarin ” refusing to give laporte , the young king ’ s valet , clean sheets , and saving that “ it was quite enough for the king of france to have clean sheets every three months . ” ring is his , d ’ artagnan , and bring back the two hundred pistoles with you . ” ! _ ” said monte cristo , “ and i	151.04750061035156
have forgotten my smelling-bottle ! ” a burning sensation passed across his brow , and he was compelled to support himself by the table to prevent his falling from his chair ; but in spite of all his efforts , he could not refrain from uttering a deep groan , which , however , was lost amid the noisy felicitations of the company . <unk> , and were you to search my pockets and my boxes i don ’ t believe you would find a hundred pistoles . ” better taste than my father ’ s demeanor , madame , ” said albert ; “ nay , more , he seemed greatly flattered at two or three compliments which the count very skilfully and agreeably paid him with	120.20314025878906
as much ease as if he had known him these thirty years . he retired into his room without even asking the cause of so much noise . , which he had placed against an old cupboard , and went out . his passage open , sprang up the stairs and knocked softly in a manner agreed upon between him and his lackey . at the door , immediately entered . lord , i will tell all that i have seen . may i present him ? ” sad that she did not even notice milady ’ s condescension . , and sent me to find you . ” had shared the grief of the family , for she was pale and looked fatigued . d ’ artagnan	84.97296905517578
; “ i am fatigued with reading , and all this latin <unk> me . ” man , who is of no age , is then , i am certain , thirty-five . the contract is to be signed at my father-in-law ’ s . ” a great and grand one—the convent of jesuits ? ” have said , had been retained beforehand , and thus he had but to go to signor pastrini ’ s hotel . were , and was answered by a burst of laughter . more ; i say only that fortune has turned against me—i had thought to gain heaven , and now i have lost it . said morrel . the contrary , to all appearance a true nobleman ; but do	121.02367401123047
you not fear to find him a bully ? ” eminence , although i possess not your wisdom . am your nephew , you will think twice about it , now that i have learned some things of which i was ignorant a year ago . ” daughter of epirus , haydée , and your charming and poetical ideas prove well your descent from that race of goddesses who claim your country as their birthplace . is done already . expectation , when the <unk> of august came , the house opened as usual , and cocles appeared behind the grating of the counter , examined all bills presented with the usual scrutiny , and , from first to last , paid all with the usual precision .	214.52316284179688
fade away ; franz took out his <unk> was half-past four . moment of despair like yours , since it led to a similar resolution , i also wished to kill myself ; one day your father , equally desperate , wished to kill himself too . man , who had watched with intense anxiety all the various expressions of his countenance , and holding out his arm to him , said , “ come , i will not abandon you thus . , ” said morrel , “ you hold bills of mine ? ” ” cried valentine , calling her step-mother , and running upstairs to meet her ; “ come quick , quick ! —and bring your bottle of smelling-salts with you . ” had	136.2013702392578
i placed any confidence in presentiments , but now i can not help believing them , valentine . his life some strange secret that no one knows . ” lost . ” rest , between noon and one o ’ <unk> ” ; perhaps you may not have to retract . ” ” returned monte cristo ; “ it is very convenient , then ? ” quite patent of not drawing back a foot from the accomplishment of the commission with which he was charged , and as the attendant of an executioner might have done in the chamber of torture , he approached anne of austria , from whose eyes at the same instant sprang tears of rage . repeated bradshaw . monte cristo , “ you	112.12255859375
will see him return to you gay , smiling , and joyful . ” danglars . which escaped our gascon , milady replied with a smile of kindness . . ’ t speak of it any more , then ; ” and planchet took his place in d ’ artagnan ’ s suite with that sublime confidence he had always had in his master , which even fifteen years of separation had not destroyed . , but when he perceived aramis his hope turned to joy . said château-renaud ; “ has she returned ? ” murmured he , inclining his head , and joining his hands as if in prayer , “ less than six months have elapsed since first i entered thy gates . bazin !	121.75270080566406
” said the officer , laughing , “ this is the way you receive an old friend . ” who was standing up , was of gigantic size and was driving a pick with all his might into the wall , whilst the other , kneeling beside him , was collecting the pieces of stone . you just now that i was rich , <unk> rich ? of my thoughts from the time consciousness returned to me ? , if you promise me still to hope ; and if you grant me the care of your future prospects , you will redouble my strength . . for us , aramis ; but by our holy father the pope , cut it short , for i shall prune you	126.34978485107422
in my turn , i warn you . ” not attribute your escape to my constant prayers for your safety ? look into the obscurity of the place . nor playing at cards , nor dancing in that house . , his majesty ’ s lackey . ” albert . time ago he had not received in his house two gentlemen who were pursued by dragoons ; without answering he went out and brought in the blade of a rapier . said milady ; and she resolutely entered the carriage . i call love ! ” said caderousse with a voice more <unk> than ever . the market , but there he met planchet with his <unk> ; their halberds were leveled at him <unk> . ” said	126.17475891113281
athos . know by what mistake . and described the combat without <unk> a single detail . ? ” he , sighing , “ that is not very surprising ; i have been more than a year absent from paris , and my clothes are of a most antiquated cut ; the count takes me for a provincial . madame , ” said the king , “ and i am ready to retire to my room when you have kissed me . i ate but little . unearthly sound seemed to pervade the whole city ; one felt that something unusual and terrible was happening in all the streets , now dark as ocean ’ s most <unk> caves . artagnan , quite amazed at the resources with	150.95648193359375
which his companion ’ s gascon <unk> continually supplied him . must get there . ” have said , the whole camp was in motion . you are on the side of monsieur de beaufort ; that will be the most sincere line of conduct , ” said mazarin . said the doctor to barrois . of the postscript , apparently with great anxiety . i particularly recommend to your care planchet , the <unk> of monsieur d ’ artagnan . ” said she ; “ he has a right to pay the dowry , which i shall take with me to some convent ! ” smiled ; “ you wish to terrify me , i suppose . , but an honest citizen , well off in the	73.81798553466797
world , with a house of my own . departure and had planted people on the road to prevent them ever reaching their destination . fere and the chevalier d ’ herblay , ” said aramis . if he <unk> the words he uttered in the garden of this house on the night of madame de saint-méran ’ s death . say you have not heard of this ? , ” added planchet to his master ’ s <unk> expressed reflections , “ that we perhaps owe our lives to him . speculate ? ” he said to teresa , ‘ are you ready to share my fortune , whatever it may be ? ’ mistress , ” replied the young sailor , gravely ; “ she is	66.06578063964844
my betrothed . ” much or too little ; speak , madame . like that of the gentleman , was perfectly unknown to the two <unk> , who were perhaps unequalled throughout the capital for discretion . , and when he returned to defend his benefactor , he was dead . tears on my face , and his were not the only tears shed , for many who witnessed our meeting wept also . ” a false look you have , particularly when you are afraid . the cardinal , pensively gazing at the two friends with lively admiration ; “ i should have cried , i should . ” sign that he accepted the proffered honor ; danglars rang and was answered by a servant in a	190.09034729003906
<unk> livery . sir , that you are asking me very strange questions , and that i am very foolish to answer them ? ” event , but as they entered together , all uneasiness on albert ’ s account ceased instantly . you , ” cried the soldier , and he expired amid horrible tortures . positively refused ; but at length became afraid that the duke , if exasperated , would commit some folly . all the noises that had ceased the night before reawakened , one after the other . rather denounce your stepmother ? ” time that you refuse my love , which had your mother ’ s sanction . ” ’ artagnan not only as her husband , but as her god ,	141.28976440429688
he was so handsome and had so fierce a mustache . , but i must go up to maximilian ’ s room this instant , ” replied monte cristo , “ i have something of the greatest importance to tell him . ” of the justice of her <unk> of all this i have the proofs ? ” has fought two duels , ” said morrel . and i had good reason to be so , ” replied château-renaud . after an instant of motionless silence he said , to the astonishment of his friends , “ monsieur mordaunt , a duel between us is impossible . hundred francs to each of these good fellows , ” said morrel . when i was grafting a <unk> . ”	67.72281646728516
to you for his wife , or for any other person ? want for a journey of a fortnight , and follow me . ” ! ” cried tréville . she had crossed the mind of d ’ artagnan when she drew the handkerchief from her pocket ; but what probability was there that mme . would become of me ? ” . only shown us kindness . the messenger with all the <unk> of enthusiasm . harness , then your horse , then my harness , then my horse , and then i lost again . chevalier , ” said planchet , bowing . and adventurous captain . ” host six . ” to his quarters at the bridge of la pierre , the cardinal found ,	80.09909057617188
standing before the house he occupied , d ’ artagnan , without his sword , and the three musketeers armed . , ” continued athos , “ is naturally cold , and then he is always involved in intrigues with women . ” well , ” said aramis . london . ” <unk> with the captain , gave him several papers , of which he was the bearer , to read , and upon the order of the merchant captain the whole crew of the vessel , both passengers and sailors , were called upon deck . passed on . woman , this creature , this demon , has a brother-in-law , as i think you told me , d ’ artagnan ? ” , entered the church	85.04167938232422
, and addressing a verger who was sweeping the chapel , asked him if he knew monsieur bazin . them on my <unk> at chantilly , with a duel on his hands ; aramis at crèvecœur , with a ball in his shoulder ; and athos at amiens , detained by an accusation of coining . ” held the harmless weapon in her clenched hand ; but these last words , this supreme insult , relaxed her hands , her strength , and even her will . athos , laughing . a registered trademark . ” exclaimed the executioner , “ did you see the monk ? ” replied felton ; “ he will not sail . ” , he said , “ let all the horses in	112.45259857177734
my stables be led before the windows of your young lady , that she may select those she prefers for her carriage . villefort , ” resumed the king , addressing the young man , who , motionless and breathless , was listening to a conversation on which depended the destiny of a kingdom . was perceived even in the royal carriage . have an enemy much more to be dreaded by me than this little madame bonacieux . ” ” replied danglars , “ you are three parts drunk ; finish the bottle , and you will be completely so . the one hung with white damask with a red cross , was a blue domino , beneath which franz ’ s imagination easily pictured the beautiful	141.2529754638672
greek of the argentina . , tell it . ” d ’ artagnan , “ the queen desired every one to leave and i thought that this command was intended for us as well as for the rest . ” to obtain permission to print it , with the view of presenting ourselves someday with the pack of others at the doors of the académie des <unk> et belles <unk> , if we should not <unk> very probable thing , by the <unk> gaining admission to the académie <unk> with our own proper pack . ? ” . ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ this reconciliation is truly touching ; have you not tears in your eyes , porthos ? ” and read : . thinking of	120.09519958496094
it , and with justice . as i was older than fernand , and had just married my poor wife , i was only sent to the coast . ” he murmured , “ i am in the hands of the brigands of whom albert de morcerf <unk> ” his first idea was to breathe , that he might know whether he was wounded . out the little night lamp , then knelt down and poured into the lieutenant ’ s ear a recital <unk> enough not to require play of feature to give it <unk> . them kitty rushed toward it . i will take advantage of it to enter your room ; do not disturb <unk> not disturb yourself ! ” being a count . to	121.73307800292969
reveal to him . ” up in his solitude . ” said grimaud . ” said felton , “ i will tell you what you were doing , or rather what you meant to do ; you were going to complete the fatal project you cherish in your mind . she . fronde did blow to-day : i think ’ twill blow sieur mazarin away . ” taken nothing yet . ” quarter after midnight collect your men . seven or eight steps after the chief , who drew back a bolt and opened a door . was with me he kept me up ; but he is gone and can no longer send us news of himself , either to me or to your father . ”	121.89490509033203
, led by his favorite ; yesterday it was <unk> , to-day it is la riviere , to-morrow it will be some one else . can not survive without widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment . books and <unk> . he , “ dear valentine , you must not speak <unk> let me die . had followed their example , thus <unk> the views of the four friends , who preferred having them close at hand to chasing them about the chamber . , to attempt anything with him . went out , and meeting a	266.3623046875
servant on the stairs , he asked : ” said he . going to the queen ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ i am delighted that de rochefort is free , but as for thee , if thou <unk> fall into the hands of the king ’ s servants they will hang thee without mercy . ” of you . ” thrown down as if there had been a struggle . i remember it all now . ” arms nor password , we <unk> ’ t take fifty steps in the court without knocking against a sentinel . ” for all those soft recollections you endeavor to recall ? kitty came to him . “ i inquired if you are well fed ? ” said he .	87.87936401367188
milady was very cross with her . ; for three months i struggled with death ; at last , as i seemed to cling to life , i was ordered to the south . , and all comes right to those who know how to wait patiently . , had asked his master for some dinner , and he had answered him with the proverb , “ he who sleeps , <unk> ” and planchet dined by sleeping . ” cried mercédès , shuddering . she ? ” starvation . ” best became the king . ? <unk> ? open , and the lady enter by escalade . the king , with hauteur . and then moans , which someone appeared to be endeavoring to stifle . but	135.5008544921875
my tongue was frozen . to help us ; we <unk> no one against his conscience , but we will compel you to act generously , even if you are not disposed to do so . ” by the side of his mother ’ s bed . found another additional vertebra , they would have made him a commander . ” door opened ; a man appeared on the threshold . our child ! out without gloves , his hands appeared too white ; if he wished to walk through the town , his boots seemed too highly polished . horse , ” cried he . day he had accomplished what his more serious-minded companion would have taken weeks to effect . to his majesty . ” read	114.5177993774414
aloud the letter which we have already seen , in which king charles demanded to know whether the hospitality of france would be accorded him . it does not ; i am <unk> only <unk> that proves me to be a churchman . d ’ artagnan ; “ you don ’ t know where aramis is ? ” all active , vigorous and armed . ” arms for grimaud were purchased , athos had not a sou left of his hundred and fifty pistoles . bit his lips as he spoke ; “ i know your devotion to her majesty . ” that youthfulness , that beauty , that weakness ? the notary , whose interest had been greatly excited , and who had resolved on <unk> far	117.5683364868164
and wide the account of this extraordinary and picturesque scene , “ what appeared so impossible to me an hour ago , has now become quite easy and practicable , and this may be a perfectly valid will , provided it be read in the presence of seven witnesses , approved by the testator , and sealed by the notary in the presence of the witnesses . me despise their riches , which seem to me contemptible . dear friend ; i state only what we all know . overspread his countenance , which was not natural to him . matter ? ” asked aramis . he cried , seizing juxon ’ s hands , “ where is providence ? , you look like a reasonable being ;	164.71600341796875
when you speak , i seem to have to do with a madman . understand him , or whether he had received no orders respecting the nourishment of danglars , the giant , without answering , went on with his dinner . m. de villefort at the moment when the count , leaning over a large table , was tracing on a map the route from st. petersburg to china . , i understand how you study theology . ” did everything . ” danglars , “ a lad of his make was not born to be unhappy in love . jacopo , ” she said , “ the captain of the yacht ; ” and she beckoned him towards them . . ” he , “ the	97.68681335449219
viscount or the count ? ” age of extravagant hopes , monseigneur , ” said d ’ artagnan . going to say , ” added he , “ but no indication should be neglected in this terrible situation . ” exclaimed valentine , wiping off the drops which ran down her forehead . slowly uttered these words : “ she is still alive ! ” you like me to converse with him ? ” ministers understand anything about princes ! ” know it , ” cried d ’ artagnan . from those of the editor of the other paper , <unk> it sometimes , we may say often , <unk> his intimate friend . belong to your profession , ” answered caderousse , “ and you do well	82.22493743896484
to repeat them ; but , ” added he , with a bitter expression of countenance , “ one is free to believe them or not , as one pleases . ” ” she exclaimed , with the delight manifested by every member of the family whenever he visited the rue meslay . sure it is quite transformed since last week . cried . . he at length , “ it is so . , observed his feelings , and guessed all . terrible reminiscences seemed to have overpowered her for a moment , for she ceased speaking , her head leaning on her hand like a beautiful flower bowing beneath the violence of the storm ; and her eyes gazing on vacancy indicated that she was mentally	150.15029907226562
contemplating the green summit of the pindus and the blue waters of the lake of yanina , which , like a magic mirror , seemed to reflect the sombre picture which she sketched . he is dead ? ” the combatants and seizing the swords with her hands . tell me all—the isolation of your life , the griefs of your heart . ” demanded the baroness , springing to the window . upon the officers , who were to see that the soldiers observed them scrupulously : the first , that the different corps should so march that cavalry and infantry should be on the same line and that each body should protect its <unk> ; the second , to go to the charge no faster than	213.84654235839844
a walk ; the third , to let the enemy fire first . in <unk> and the magisterial robe is the badge of honor . , yes , ” answered the young lady , turning very red , “ i do remember conversing with a person wrapped in a long woollen mantle ; he was a medical man , i think . ” us go . ” ” brave young man ; besides , your fortune may perhaps be the result of your devotedness . ” was making unnatural efforts to subdue her anger ; she <unk> herself , smelled at her <unk> and walked up and down . forth in section 3 below . , and she was charming , winning the good superior by her varied	149.44314575195312
conversation and by the graces of her whole personality . the canvas , and saw cromwell seated before a table , his head buried in his hands , his back being turned . . companions remembered their audience , and as they would very much have regretted that such an opportunity should be lost , they succeeded in calming their friends , who contented themselves with hurling some <unk> stones against the gates ; but the gates were too strong . order the servants . ! ” cried she . has been uttered . ” ” said maximilian , “ give me but one finger through this opening in the grating , one finger , the <unk> finger of all , that i may have the happiness of	129.83251953125
kissing it . ” another case ; i should be turned off , and lose my pension . ” strength , drink ! ” and she put the glass to the lips of the young woman , who drank mechanically . d ’ artagnan , who thought that it was now a convenient time to begin his interrogations , “ dost thou know where athos is ? ” door to receive his guests . aramis , let us travel on . ” minutes the staircase groaned beneath an extraordinary weight . mind and matter been more apparent than now , and if it was not a sublime , it was , at least , a curious spectacle . going to die . king ’ s musketeers . ”	94.08745574951172
milady , with the exultation of a victim who <unk> his judge . meeting with you i would go to the end of the world . ” , but not in sadness ; for from time to time one of those sweet smiles which were habitual to him in moments of good-humor illumined the face of d ’ artagnan . haste , took out the horse that he had ridden on the previous evening , saddled and bridled it himself and led the animal into the alley to the right of the kitchen-garden , opened a side door which conducted him to a bridle road , shut it after him , and d ’ artagnan saw him pass by like a dart , bending , as he went	126.3519515991211
, beneath the <unk> flowery branches of <unk> and <unk> . , ” replied he with a smile , “ you are all you boast of being , excepting one thing ; i will not too hastily tell you which , but would rather leave you to guess it . ” , ” said the music teacher , seating herself by the side of her friend . is that our material origin is revealed , ” cried sinbad ; “ we frequently pass so near to happiness without seeing , without regarding it , or if we do see and regard it , yet without recognizing it . ” continued the stranger , more calm than ever ; “ well , that is perfectly right ! ” and	133.515869140625
turning on his heel , was about to re-enter the hostelry by the front gate , beneath which d ’ artagnan on arriving had observed a saddled horse . him not until he is dead ; the lives of five men are not safe , in my opinion , as long as he is on the earth . ” us talk of our affairs . door , and looked at d ’ artagnan <unk> . , madame , ” said the count , with that kind tone he could assume so well , “ you are really very severe with that dear clever child . ” alone ? ” eminence . ” chair , with her hands extended , as if to conjure this terrible apparition . staircase	81.18929290771484
with twenty steps . ” said monte cristo , “ i understand your emotion ; you must have time to recover yourself . is more pressing first , and then we will attend to my wound ; besides , it does not seem very dangerous . ” d ’ artagnan , “ what porthos says is full of sense . ” without waiting my visit at your house today , looks well , sir , ” said albert . , ” said he , “ one has no friends , only correspondents . ” said mazarin , “ and when has rueil been a prison ? ” busoni ? ” ” replied madame de villefort , somewhat uneasily , “ i remember now . ” he , “	51.76955032348633
i will ask you the same question which charles ix . or monte cristo was more or less guilty ; it was a man who would answer for the offence , whether trifling or serious ; it was a man who would fight , and it was evident danglars would not fight . . , ” said monte cristo , laughing , “ control yourself ; we are not at <unk> or at <unk> . felton came and placed the sentinel . of an angel of light and travels safely through or over the seas where we have been almost shipwrecked , the darkness in which our illusions are lost , the precipice whence our happiness has been hurled and swallowed up . monte cristo , “ here	128.7520751953125
are 200,000 francs gone <unk> ” by this frightful revelation , dazzled by the superhuman beauty of this woman who unveiled herself before him with an immodesty which appeared to him sublime , he ended by falling on his knees before her as the early christians did before those pure and holy martyrs whom the persecution of the <unk> gave up in the circus to the sanguinary <unk> of the populace . ” citizens , awakened , left their doors and the street dogs followed the cavaliers , barking . as to <unk> <unk> <unk> , dark passage , a staircase <unk> by bars through which stole a glimmer from a neighboring yard ; on the first floor a low door studded with enormous nails , like the	287.1710510253906
principal gate of the grand châtelet . indeed . ” mousetrap continued in operation , and likewise d ’ artagnan ’ s vigilance . no , ” said comminges , who made a point of having the facts appear exactly as they were , “ i clearly understood what the cardinal said to me . i am , without doubt ? ” morrel , not being able to conceive such intense happiness ; “ by whom ? ” a lieutenant in the guards , named comminges , made his appearance , with his clothes all torn , his face streaming with blood . , ” said du tremblay ; “ i am sent for to sign the release of a prisoner . soon ? ” fought with others	127.95282745361328
: in his first journey to paris , five times ; from the death of the late king till the young one came of age , without reckoning wars and <unk> , seven times ; and from that date up to the present day , a hundred times , perhaps ! said monte cristo . at the inn of the red dovecot was overheard by these four men ; tell him that after his departure one of them came up to me and took from me by violence the <unk> which he had given me ; tell him they warned lord de winter of my journey to england ; that this time they nearly foiled my mission as they foiled the affair of the studs ; tell him	152.9842529296875
that among these four men two only are to be <unk> ’ artagnan and athos ; tell him that the third , aramis , is the lover of madame de <unk> may be left alone , we know his secret , and it may be useful ; as to the fourth , porthos , he is a fool , a simpleton , a <unk> <unk> , not worth troubling himself about . ” now to take a rest . ? —of whom do you speak ? each other , and at this moment a pistol-shot and cries for help were heard . of it , ” said d ’ artagnan . a seat , ” said d ’ artagnan , pushing a chair toward mordaunt , who sat	82.69705963134766
down , pale but calm . ” , is because nobody is more worthy than yourself . ” he had done to you , and , perhaps , to others . know these things as well as i do , since this gentleman has forewarned you , both as a doctor and as a friend . ” the pains of actual being with the joys of the assumed existence , that you would desire to live no longer , but to dream thus forever . by the presence of the cardinal and the alteration in the king ’ s countenance , m. de tréville felt himself something like samson before the <unk> . you call such an action ? ” ” said lucien with an air of sovereign	100.19264221191406
contempt , “ do i ever read the papers ? ” . in these three words that everybody , except the king , shuddered . tent ; they had no plan <unk> must think of one . come here , climb up to the window again and tell us if mordaunt is alone and whether he is preparing to go out or go to bed . ? ” ” to resist , resistance would make so much noise . sir ? ” replied athos , in his calm , <unk> voice . caderousse darted on his wife keen , searching glances , but rapid as the lightning flash . adore to-morrow , and vice <unk> . louise , going to listen at madame danglars ’ door . one	163.22373962402344
, all the noises in the neighborhood ceased . one of the little windows of the hôtel de ville was thrown open , and the head of a gendarme appeared . madame , ” replied de winter , thoughtfully ; “ i once spoke to you of four men . ” , lend me twenty francs , so that i may buy a dressing-gown ; it is <unk> always to be in a coat and boots ! is true , ” said porthos ; “ but how can you suppose , my dear friend , that in the midst of his great <unk> general cromwell has had time to think—— ” , to ascertain , doubtless , that neither his companions nor himself had been watched , and	86.8849105834961
, in spite of the darkness , he perceived gondy . morrel , ” said she ; “ the son of that good merchant of marseilles , whom you doubtless recollect . ” describe mousqueton ’ s astonishment when from the threshold of the door he saw the four friends approaching , followed by a sergeant with a dozen men . dear , do you think you can wear a star from heaven on your finger , and nobody observe it ? him every minute . ” ! for the twenty-fourth ; but i have reflected that the more promptly the affair takes place the more sure it will be . épinay , unlike you , bears his misfortune patiently . ” . ” years old , she	114.28803253173828
might have passed for thirty-five . end of the world ? ” said monte cristo ; “ you , a journalist , the husband of renown ? reflect that he had only known the mercer ’ s pretty wife for three hours ; that she owed him nothing but a little gratitude for having delivered her from the men in black , who wished to carry her off , and that she had promised him nothing . , that four hundred thousand pounds are owing to the scottish army . ” of it till i am tired , but he is fascinated with his luccanese . and saw the unfortunate man upon his back about four paces off . . without fighting ; so much the better !	125.81098937988281
an important mission , had come an hour before your arrival , seeking hospitality , at the very moment that the curé , summoned to the bedside of a dying person , left not only his house but the village , for the entire night . feeling was of joy at again breathing the pure <unk> air is freedom ; but he soon sighed , for he passed before la réserve , where he had that morning been so happy , and now through the open windows came the laughter and <unk> of a ball . deepest of his strategic meditations , the door opened , and rochefort returned . to do with your ill-humor ? ” said the baroness , irritated at the impassibility of her husband	195.72862243652344
; “ do these things concern me ? courage ? ” said athos . as follows : you are not monsieur de tréville . ” do not know that we can see them , and they are actually embracing ! ” grimaud , in the same silent dialect , “ we shall leave our skins there . ” long the night seemed to milady , but d ’ artagnan believed it to be hardly two hours before the daylight peeped through the window blinds , and invaded the chamber with its paleness . matter ? ” asked planchet . ” asked villefort , rushing from his room . with a lantern . , my leader , my head , my father , and i ask you , master	71.82865142822266
, are you contented with me ? ” the most charming cavalier in the world , pushed open the door , put her head in and asked for hospitality . if it be so , are you ready , albert ? ” bonacieux , “ they took good care not to tell me that ; and my wife , on her part , has sworn to me by all that ’ s sacred that she does not know . for a short time among her flowers , but without gathering them . i have been told . ” property ! ” it . ” his two pistols , what a terrible noise he made with his sword ! bone in your body ! ” cried the duke .	92.01162719726562
end of a few minutes the belfry of st . englishman chapter xxxi . vallon de bracieux de pierrefonds , and resided on his new estate . the coadjutor , on seeing him , “ you are in disgrace , then , abbé ? ” monte cristo , “ here , in this very spot ” ( and he stamped upon the ground ) , “ i had the earth dug up and fresh <unk> put in , to refresh these old trees ; well , my man , digging , found a box , or rather , the <unk> of a box , in the midst of which was the skeleton of a newly born infant . ” the priest ’ s , where they devoured as	132.4426727294922
much provision as would have lasted him for two months , and to the cornet ’ s , who performed wonders ; but as planchet said , “ people do not eat at once for all time , even when they eat a good deal . ” means of rendering italy strong , happy , and independent . ” for the first , miserable man ! ” said lord de winter to felton , who was being dragged away with his eyes turned toward the sea ; “ but i swear to you by the memory of my brother whom i have loved so much that your accomplice is not saved . ” very badly . ” clock in the evening ; the sentinels had been relieved at	95.48539733886719
eight and captain groslow had been on guard for an hour . ? ” good fellow , that i would do more <unk> by the means of gold than you and all your troop could effect with stilettos , pistols , carbines , and blunderbusses included . , upon returning home , the first object i met on the staircase was the <unk> jockey in the pink jacket ! former sign was repeated . the carriage was opened , the young man sprang lightly out and presented his hand to milady , who leaned upon it , and in her turn alighted with tolerable calmness . said edward <unk> . of painful separation , ” said andrea , in the same tone of voice , and glancing towards	157.651611328125
the door , “ what a happiness it is to meet again ! ” time to time , the besiegers took the messengers which the rochellais sent to buckingham , or the spies which buckingham sent to the rochellais . and rochefort went hastily out of the apartment . as in all probability i own my present safety to that influence , it would ill become me to search too closely into its source ; therefore , instead of condemning him for his intimacy with <unk> , you must give me leave to excuse any little <unk> there may be in such a connection ; not altogether for preserving my life , for my own idea was that it never was in much danger , but certainly for	195.3006134033203
saving me 4,000 piastres , which , being translated , means neither more nor less than 24,000 livres of our <unk> sum at which , most assuredly , i should never have been estimated in france , proving most <unk> , ” added albert with a laugh , “ that no prophet is honored in his own country . ” young woman , who made him a sign to follow her . the musketeer . then . ” arms of the count ; emmanuel embraced him as a guardian angel ; morrel again fell on his knees , and struck the ground with his forehead . cry , not so loud as the first and followed by a long groan . her head she had a small cap	144.4813995361328
of <unk> silk , embroidered with pearls ; while on the other a purple rose mingled its glowing colors with the luxuriant masses of her hair , of which the blackness was so intense that it was tinged with blue . as he uttered the word . opportunity to give the duke this proof of his devotion , and the young woman and the handsome musketeer entered the louvre by the wicket of the echelle without any interference . ’ artagnan was near uttering a cry of surprise ; it was not aramis who was conversing with the nocturnal visitor , it was a woman ! aramis . ’ inquired the astonished merchant . death , as might have been foreseen . . ” . ” the husband	139.1992645263672
of a young and lovely girl ? ” be a very happy one , ” said the count , as if speaking to himself . ; i heard no other noise but the beating of my own heart . long and not very amusing , i know ; but , ” added he , seriously , “ you understand , it is on the king ’ s service . ” ? ” know this horse ? ” said mousqueton . been here that you are ignorant of all this ? ” desire to stand up in his defence ? ” my visit has a motive . ” , to discover the hidden entrance . <unk> : was talking louder than the rest of us , he took him	62.34611892700195
for the chief , ” said d ’ artagnan . father for you ? ” she ever existed ? , albert . him in that language ? ” then in a low voice morrel added , — “ this delay is not natural . address of bazin , made a pompous eulogium on his <unk> . you were wrong to reply to him as you did , ” continued aramis , following with his eyes the young man , now vanishing behind the <unk> . la ramee . he was <unk> prudence with respect to himself . raoul bowed , and d ’ artagnan and planchet set out . , will raise this <unk> of marble and a passage will be opened . ” , again become a	95.90282440185547
<unk> , whom fourteen years of despair and ten of hope had rendered a <unk> in providence ? a year . ” the twenty minutes had elapsed after madame danglars ’ departure before he left the house . ” revolutionary <unk> exhaust itself and die away with the old trunk , and condescend only to regard the young shoot which has started up at a distance from the parent tree , without having the power , any more than the wish , to separate entirely from the stock from which it sprung . ” in his splendid robes and holding in his hand the carbine which your emperor presented him . the snare , and i answered you would be quite in despair on your return . your	229.85069274902344
partner ’ s , m. morrel . ” in a way which expressed at the same time her astonishment , her admiration , and her gratitude . to give me the studs without the casket ? ” it were only possible to place a deaf and blind sentinel in the gallery beyond us . ” as you call me—i will not let you ! ” , if i allow you to escape i am a ruined man . ” ? ” cried lord winter . it ? ” twisting his new cap around in his fingers , said : , aramis continued his way with d ’ artagnan , and both soon arrived at athos ’ s dwelling . . ” sold . ” get drunk again ,	89.60588073730469
d ’ artagnan ; it is too bad a habit . ” you pretend it is , ” said he , “ i should be forced , my dear aramis , to reclaim it myself ; for , as you very well know , bois-tracy is an intimate friend of mine , and i can not allow the property of his wife to be sported as a trophy . ” . ” then ? ” asked the queen . ” she said ; “ oh , sir , what a misfortune ! madame danglars , looking at her husband with uneasiness , “ how could that prevent m. de villefort—— ” them near that of the marshal . sound was heard , and instead of one figure ,	61.38573455810547
as he had expected , he perceived that two were approaching him . fought for your glory and interests ? ” is to wait . take leave of m. de tréville . finish this fowl and to drink one glass of wine to your health , d ’ artagnan . ” favor them in sending what they were so assiduously seeking . reference to the second-rate fortunes we were mentioning just now . ” it is more than a plot ; i fear it is a conspiracy . ” before us , it is perhaps less serious than we at first thought . caderousse , “ draw me all that on the paper , my boy . ” d ’ artagnan , “ speak quickly ! ? ”	106.63712310791016
called his complaint <unk> , i believe ; his acquaintances say he died of grief ; but i , who saw him in his dying moments , i say he died of—— ” the ground , the two adversaries took their stations , and the duel began . —that is quite another thing ! athos to them , “ you are not men but children , to let a woman terrify you so ! and don ’ t leave off in a hurry . that we will not accept such steeds as these in exchange for those which had been promised to us . ” by his valet de chambre , who announced beauchamp . it , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ and that was why	123.43266296386719
i got three crowns for him . . ” . ” wish me to name any one who was mixed up in the cabals of that day ? ” in the city , planchet kept at the respectful distance he had imposed upon himself ; but as soon as the road began to be more lonely and dark , he drew softly nearer , so that when they entered the bois de boulogne he found himself riding quite naturally side by side with his master . no one is aware of the queen ’ s project ? ” of the conqueror of lens was the pretext for giving a grand banquet . from , sir ? now , a crowd of young and pretty women who came to	154.46559143066406
st . ’ artagnan felt that planchet slipped a note into his hand . morrel ventured out from under the trees , and the moon shone upon his face , which was so pale it might have been taken for that of a ghost . it , did they not ? ” i replied , ‘ it is not for myself that i entreat your <unk> should grieve for him or avenge him , but my poor brother had a wife , and were anything to happen to me , the poor creature would perish from want , for my brother ’ s pay alone kept her . troop drew nearer to lens , the noise of the cannon sounded louder . black fowls ! ” cried aramis	137.39109802246094
. you that though remaining invisible to your eyes , i have not lost sight of you . ” perhaps , i shall see him again ; and then the past will no longer exist . ” , sir , should you receive news from blois , to send me a few lines about my little friend mademoiselle de la valliere , about whose health , when we left , so much anxiety was felt ? it answered better than count . again , ” said the cardinal . bodies , the blast of the hurricane shook them in the air . not enough to answer ‘ yes ’ or ‘ no ’ to questions which concern the honor , the social interest , and the life of	145.1029052734375
such a man as <unk> the count of morcerf , peer of france . ” greek he had seen in the count ’ s box at the argentina and <unk> theatres . words in a foreign tongue . becomes a man accustomed to look his enemies in the face . ” you <unk> about danglars . ” man had just uttered recurred to grimaud , who turned away his head . out of his carriage when the porter met him with a parcel in his hand . the child , “ i swear to you that they shall kill me sooner than make me king . ” the prince , to whom it was of little importance whom he married , so long as he married some one	81.39213562011719
. ! user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg™ works . he now ? ” asked he . the coasts of the mediterranean , and wafted from shore to shore the sweet perfume of plants , mingled with the fresh smell of the sea . as fat as a <unk> , rolling about with rude health , puffed out with good living , who , recognizing d ’ artagnan and acting very differently from the hypocrite bazin , slipped off his horse and approached the officer with his hat off , so that the homage of the assembled crowd was turned toward this new sun ,	232.1846923828125
which eclipsed the former <unk> . been no less thick a veil before the eyes of those to whom faria offered the treasures . made in mme . long to wait , ” said the landlord ; “ they begin to-morrow . ” <unk> ; but without words , protestations , or vows , my life has <unk> itself with yours ; you leave me , and you are right in doing so , —i repeat it , you are right ; but in losing you , i lose my life . cried luigi and teresa at the same moment . ” said the host , “ he ’ s not quite dumb . much the better ! raoul , putting the sword to his lips as he	106.1473617553711
received it from the count , “ i owe you everything and yet this sword is the most precious gift you have yet made me . man went out and descended the stairs with sufficient calmness to pass unobserved ; then upon the lowest landing place he passed tony , leaning over the balustrade , waiting only for a call from his master to mount to his room . your mind at last , my lord ? ” said rochefort . ” said morrel , sinking into a chair , “ you have heard all , and i have nothing further to tell you . ” ask me if the count of monte cristo had arrived , or was expected . ” ” said the dragoon , placing	93.44157409667969
his saber like a spit upon the two large iron dogs which held the <unk> in the chimney , “ stop a bit , i am in it . other papers out till the drawer was empty . , by authority of his highness , in the year <unk> of the <unk> . the comte de la fere , ” resumed raoul , “ said , ‘ come , bragelonne , draw your sword ; ’ then only i rushed upon the <unk> and cut it in two , just at the moment when it was rising on its tail and hissing , ere it sprang upon me . from boulogne . am about to set off with aramis on important business . what athos had said respecting	154.25198364257812
mme . a step . serious reflection and becoming more pale than usual , made a sign of assent to d ’ artagnan , who by it understood he was at liberty to speak . the garden either ; as to the yard , you may do what you please with it ; i should prefer that being altered beyond all recognition . ” , ” returned the count , smiling , “ that you played a sufficiently important part to know as well as myself what happened . ” number of other ways including checks , online payments and credit card donations . waiting to answer , and in two seconds reappeared , bringing on a <unk> , all that his master had ordered , ready prepared	159.58375549316406
, and appearing to have sprung from the ground , like the <unk> which we read of in fairy tales . and at a sign from his hand , the carriage went on for a short distance . you are a liar , signor pastrini , ” said franz , “ but that he will not believe what you are going to tell us , —but i will believe all you say ; so proceed . ” toward the unhappy man in danger . ” said m. de blacas , “ we can rely on the army ; your majesty knows how every report confirms their loyalty and attachment . ” ; i have the true idea . ” ; it is buried in the cellars of newcastle	91.60392761230469
keep . it ? ” has happened to us , do you not ? ” how far your nerves are calculated to bear you through such a scene . , does not belong to us ; take my advice , then , and let no one into our confidence . cried she , “ and you will have saved my life , you will have saved my honor ! ” <unk> , and bertuccio himself declared that he scarcely knew it , encircled as it was by a framework of trees . broussel is to be arrested ought to be able to bear ten thousand men . ” existence , then , that i regret , but the ruin of projects so slowly carried out , so laboriously	107.48968505859375
framed . the travelers and by their insolence disturbed the <unk> even of the cool athos , who urged on his horse against one of them . you are not mistaken , monsieur ? ” said he , in the most natural tone in the world . be over ? prosperity , not a festivity took place without himself and wife being among the spectators . use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever . faith of <unk> ” understand , ” said the countess , shrugging up her beautiful shoulders , as though an involuntary shudder passed through her veins , “ that those who have once seen that man will	195.63951110839844
never be likely to forget him . ” in thought ; then , as they were only a day ’ s journey from surgères , whither the cardinal was to come to meet the king , he resolved to follow the advice of athos and go with them . door , and seeing the apartment , had returned to the man in the cloak , whom he had left alone for an instant . , my lord . ” six o ’ clock with as much impatience as the duke himself . my not being conversant with the slang of the bank , which is here <unk> in my ears from morning to night ; that noise of jingling crowns , which are constantly being counted and <unk>	93.33256530761719
, is odious to me . foot on his head , saying , “ i know not what <unk> me from crushing thy skull , rascal . ” father , the brave father , the very honest father ! ” said caderousse , twirling a plate in the air between his two hands . and seemed for the moment to have lost his usual loquacity . liberal papers , but his noble opposition to the wishes of the court is now getting him into favor with the <unk> . and fell prostrate . me , tell me , i say , ” repeated milady , “ how do you know it ? ” , and the young man retired to his task , in the spirit of obedience	96.66472625732422
and respect which he had sworn to show towards his aged friend . ” planchet only touched the tips of the count ’ s fingers . ! ” cried porthos , “ this butcher of unarmed <unk> ! ” ” answered porthos , “ i wish my lord cardinal , in order to do honor to my house , which gives him an asylum , would in remembrance of this adventure erect my estate into a barony , with a promise to confer that order on one of my particular friends , whenever his majesty next <unk> peers . ” the trial till the next assizes ; we shall then have six months before us . ” , mordieu ! up and looking for the point to aim	138.17027282714844
at on a little iron plate which served him as a target , when his study door opened , and baptistin entered . an inclosure called the little court of the chateau , a place quite deserted except when monsieur de beaufort was playing ; and even then the precaution seemed superfluous , the wall was so high . . , ” said mazarin , placing a pen and a paper before her , “ you must ; ” then he added : “ sign , anne , i implore you—i command you . ” at that name the young man stopped ? ” valentine , “ i will now acknowledge you are right , maximilian ; and now are you satisfied with your betrothal ? ” said	136.29428100585938
the young girl sorrowfully . want faithful servants . it . ” thousand piastres , but of these six thousand albert had already expended three thousand . of milady ’ s countenance , she said , “ pardon me , madame ; you know him by what title ? ” that they knew him . over what is the best thing to be done ; you will give me your advice , will you not , and if possible extricate me from my unpleasant position ? minute , unfortunate , unfortunate that i am ! ” him , and on the third floor he found a hare ’ s paw , which , by the hasty ringing of the bell , it was evident he pulled with considerable	100.14382934570312
ill-temper . master had been arrested , fell back into the ranks near aramis , without saying a word and as if nothing had happened . my lord ; for after five or six years of imprisonment it is natural to feel some curiosity as to one ’ s destination . ” opinion . in hopeless expectation on my part , while i must do the magistrate the justice to say that he used every means to obtain information of the person i declared could exculpate me if he would . ” said the young man , “ i meet you , then , at last ! have the honor of charging you , ” replied aramis , lifting his hat with one hand and drawing his sword	109.22561645507812
with the other . , as much wit as all those put together who were assembled at the court to laugh at him . distance in the rear , when suddenly there resounded five or six <unk> . you , sir , ” replied monte cristo ; “ and if i did , your tone is too high . no ; i am not called louis the just without reason . monsieur cardinal , ” said the king ; “ and as to loving me much , i have my own opinion as to that love . ” with a little forethought one can lead a merry life anywhere and everywhere , ” said d ’ artagnan . the side of these views of the <unk> and simplifying	99.59589385986328
minister , which belong to history , the <unk> is forced to recognize the lesser motives of the amorous man and jealous rival . years , did ours a great service , and has , i know not for what reason , always denied having rendered us this service . ” of that ? ” albert , as the door of a box on the first circle opened , “ that must be the countess g—— . ” ’ s letter twenty times in the course of the day . ? <unk> had just reached the top of the hill <unk> , from whence paris appears like a sombre sea <unk> its millions of phosphoric waves into <unk> indeed more noisy , more passionate , more <unk> ,	176.76132202148438
more furious , more greedy , than those of the tempestuous ocean , —waves which never rest as those of the sea sometimes do , —waves ever dashing , ever foaming , ever <unk> what falls within their grasp . the boat ; the boat replied . he , “ it ’ s done . much more than that ; she was born to treasures in comparison with which those recorded in the _thousand and one nights_ would seem but poverty . ” . aramis made his appearance at the other end of the street upon a superb english charger . to him , then ? ” he thought of what was in store for his poor horses . champs-élysées that the count of monte cristo lived ,	228.98023986816406
and who , being answered by the porter in the affirmative , entered , closed the gate after him , and began to ascend the steps . now : to find one woman , you court another . these words , suited , as we have said , the action to the words . vallon two years ago , ” he said , “ and you find me still in affliction on that account . monsieur , wait , ” said the king ; “ i will not detain you long . ” but have you no groom ? ” spite of all my precautions , i am at last obliged to fight , will you not be my second ? ” arrived , valentine , ” said	78.08110046386719
m. de villefort . ” said d ’ artagnan in his most fascinating voice and manner . , pursued , captured ; he is advancing as rapidly as his own <unk> . said aramis . rule over society there , and who constitute what in france we call the government , are really <unk> and <unk> , who not only pardon a poisoner , but even make him a prime minister , if his crime has been an ingenious one , and who , under such circumstances , have the whole story written in letters of gold , to divert their hours of idleness and _ennui_ . ” , by his friend and by her whom he already loved like a mistress . chapter lxii . think ,	161.02784729003906
monsieur , that woods are like churches ? ” replied the procureur ; “ you begged me not to leave . ” reason you see me so early . ” , do we plague ourselves about money , when there is a diamond ? ” and 200 more besides . , so little believed in paris , respecting roman bandits ; he remembered the adventures that albert de morcerf had related when it was intended that he should marry mademoiselle eugénie . that planchet in resuming his former functions resumed also his former humility and was not ashamed to make his breakfast on what was left by d ’ artagnan . paris was rejoicing in the expected return of the king , appointed for the next day ,	172.7693634033203
gondy alone , in the midst of the general happiness , was dissatisfied ; he sent for the two men whom he was wont to summon when in especially bad humor . you , edmond , besides pray and weep ? d ’ artagnan , “ and yet i am certain it is not the first time i have seen that visage . ” disturb me in the exercise of my functions ? ” asked the beadle . de villefort , if you do not strike first ! ’ this is what i would say had she only killed two persons but she has seen three deaths , —has contemplated three murdered persons , —has knelt by three corpses ! , ” replied d ’ artagnan , with	123.57211303710938
a reflective air ; “ and what do you suspect ? ” d ’ avrigny , in a voice in which the horror of a judge <unk> the truth was mingled with the delight of a <unk> making a discovery . chapter 9 . a sign , which signified , “ that was on account of the affair about which i spoke to you . ” , he collected all his strength to challenge you , and to defy you while challenging you . ” , close and stifling , with the walls furnished with arms offensive and defensive , and in which there was already a fire , although it was scarcely the end of the month of september . the family of the celebrated <unk> ,	99.4009017944336
the friend of henry iv . go to london , ” added porthos , “ money is needed , and i have none . ” whichever you please . ” porthos . dark passage , which led to a little door opening on the garden , soon found the spot where he had entered , with the assistance of the shrubs gained the top of the wall , and by his ladder was in an instant in the clover-field where his cabriolet was still waiting for him . i had entirely forgotten it . ” him back to different events from those now occupying the baroness and him . see mademoiselle noirtier de villefort assuming the title of madame franz d ’ épinay . ” , indeed .	93.69115447998047
, and each time took his friends and their lackeys with him . one of the cardinal ’ s favorite means ; he has not one that is more expeditious . making a trip in the <unk> de france , and begged us—the comte de la fere and monsieur du <unk> accompany him . being forbidden , since consequently there is twice as much courage in fighting . to defend him ? ” who showed him by a secret sign that he did not wish him to go . which he is treated ; instead of being knocked on the head as you would be if once they caught hold of you , he is simply sentenced to be <unk> , by which means , too , the	131.7129364013672
amusements of the day are <unk> , and there is a spectacle to please every spectator . ” , and no one can doubt my position . ” his being able to discover what had become of her . saw at a glance all the advantage to be derived from the love which kitty had just confessed so innocently , or so boldly : the <unk> of letters addressed to the comte de wardes , news on the spot , entrance at all hours into kitty ’ s chamber , which was contiguous to her mistress ’ s . thou ? come from ? ” you breathe , and yet without which you could not for a moment exist ? ” , baron . ” , they will	118.06124877929688
not be occasioned by my <unk> , that i solemnly promise you . ” up your mind to go and get it , or i swear you shall die by my hand . ” on the road ? ” replied guitant , “ i was observing that we live in <unk> times and that to-day ’ s events are very like those in the days of the <unk> , of which i heard so much in my youth . franz , “ it is hashish ! , with an air of indulgence and good-nature that made monte cristo smile , acquainted as he was with the secrets of the banker ’ s domestic life . ” of the host . lord de winter died , leaving me his	75.04898071289062
sole heir . said monte cristo ; “ it is unnecessary , we know each other so well ! ” be sure of that . ” is always with friends that one fights . ” a glance backward , and saw that porthos and aramis had placed themselves between him and the gate ; he understood that he was completely at the mercy of these four men . , ” said the man in the moat . a glance with grimaud , but there was no glance in grimaud ’ s eyes . speak of , ” said villefort abruptly , “ is a great criminal , and i can do nothing for him , <unk> ” mercédès burst into tears , and , as villefort strove to	74.23068237304688
pass her , again addressed him . said beauchamp , presenting the papers to albert . letter for the director of the academy . went away in haste . harm , ” said athos , “ in my knowing that d ’ artagnan is here , i presume there will be none in his knowing that i am here . ” ” i expected ; spies , guards , satellites , all took me for you , and the king blesses you while waiting for you to bless him . ” the hand of julie , who rushed into his arms , he extended his other hand to emmanuel ; then tearing himself from this abode of peace and happiness , he made a sign to maximilian ,	92.24260711669922
who followed him passively , with the indifference which had been perceptible in him ever since the death of valentine had so stunned him . morrel with a trembling voice , “ i had waited since half-past eight , and did not see you come ; i became uneasy , leaped the wall , found my way through the garden , when voices conversing about the fatal <unk> ” first place , i heard it from madame danglars , who , by the by , is dying to see you in her box , or to have you seen there by others ; secondly , i learned it from beauchamp ’ s journal ; and <unk> , from my own imagination . you can console and support me	138.31826782226562
by the strength of your own powerful mind . to travel , my lord ? ” asked mousqueton , rather uneasy . a thousand louis ; you save the lives of ladies of high rank and beauty ; under the name of major black you run <unk> ridden by <unk> <unk> not larger than <unk> ; then , when you have carried off the golden trophy of victory , instead of setting any value on it , you give it to the first handsome woman you think of ! ” ” frozen silence between these two . ” said andrea , “ everything is all right , excepting your refusal , which quite grieves me . ” few steps farther . ” utter darkness . is a spanish	150.46363830566406
wine which our friend athos thought much of . ” me ! ” no pretension to nobility , and calls himself a chance count , although the general opinion at rome is that the count is a man of very high distinction . ” fortune , which has frowned on you , has been kind to me ? ” nothing , from fear . ” . monte cristo , lowering his voice , “ you do not appear to me to be very enthusiastic on the subject of this marriage . ” franz . neither of those ; something connected with this story . ” ? ” host was a priest , that coquette took it into her head that it would be a happy souvenir for her	97.76818084716797
old age , among the many happy souvenirs she already possessed , if she could win that of having damned an abbé . ” , i see what you wish to get at ; and if it is simply what i think that stops you , i can <unk> the difficulty . ” was in the past , as had often been vaguely said to d ’ artagnan . aramis ; “ it surprises me that two such heroes as porthos and d ’ artagnan should have allowed themselves to be arrested by eight men . ” sent from france by monsieur mazarin ; he will consider us as brothers . and <unk> , swearing , cursing , and <unk> the cardinal and his guards to all the	120.85124969482422
devils . ” cried danglars . cast a side glance at dantès , and taking a packet which a gendarme offered him , disappeared , saying , “ bring in the prisoner . ” , ” said he to athos and to his friends . bar and pushing down a door ? ” he must have been prevented by monsieur de tréville or monsieur dessessart . but becomingly , clad in the dress peculiar to the merchant <unk> costume somewhat between a military and a civil garb ; and with his fine countenance , radiant with joy and happiness , a more perfect specimen of manly beauty could scarcely be imagined . charles stuart . , who has resided five or six years in italy , does not	187.4989471435547
recollect to have ever seen a ceremony interrupted by one of those events so common in other countries . all , i tell you , and kill me ! ” and presented himself here as the emissary of the cardinal , and in an hour or two a carriage will come to take me away by the orders of his eminence . ” make him write the letter . ” home . sherbet . whole of the property , surmounted at intervals by vases filled with flowers , and broken in the centre by a large gate of gilded iron , which served as the carriage entrance . when he saw a huguenot coming , he felt himself filled with such ardent catholic zeal that he could not	127.60218048095703
understand how , a quarter of an hour before , he had been able to have any doubts upon the superiority of our holy religion . s order , and my dying grandmother ’ s wish ? me ! ” was andrea ’ s first thought . to the king ’ s army , and a great inconvenience to the cardinal , who had no longer , it is true , to <unk> louis xiii . you should recognize him , ” said the commissary . waiting , ” said monte cristo , smiling . when i went out he followed , and quickly came up with me . duchess . ” give it , ” said the musketeer . you will see what no looking-glass has ever	60.4616813659668
shown you—a frank and honorable countenance . ” to our readers that d ’ artagnan thought nothing about him in any way ; or that if he did think of him , it was only to say to himself that he was very well where he was , wherever it might be . in the neighborhood , and assure yourself who are the men who come to ask for you . ” immediately to the residence of the comte de rochefort , and tell him that the queen was seeking for a messenger to send to london . the visitor , “ do you know why he came to france ? ” a smile of visible satisfaction ; but this smile soon disappeared , and returning to the	81.1578598022461
adventure of meung , “ tell me , ” continued he , “ had not this gentlemen a slight scar on his cheek ? ” perceived , with a feeling of real joy , that the queen must have discovered the prison in which poor mme . entrance of the rue <unk> <unk> , and their horses were fastened to the rings of the arcade . the musketeer . joy soon forsook the young man , and was succeeded by a still greater grief . ? ” replied danglars ; “ gone , as every prudent man ought to be , to look after his own affairs , most likely . hands and exclaim , “ oh , my friend , my friend , speak not thus !	98.97381591796875
” and then resuming all his presence of mind , which had for a moment staggered under this blow , and his strength , which had failed at the words of the old man , he said , “ oh , i have saved you once , and i will save you a second time ! ” and raising the foot of the bed , he drew out the phial , still a third filled with the red liquor . has ill understood my words . ” young man , and tell me what you wish . ” ” said cavalcanti . , monsieur , ” said the young man , turning pale , and , in spite of himself , trembling beneath the scrutinizing look of his	56.39712905883789
companion , “ such consequences would be extremely unpleasant . ” have gone without sleep , sustained as she was by all the <unk> which a new adventure awakened in her heart , ever <unk> for intrigues , she nevertheless accepted the offer of the superior . the poor old gentleman is entirely helpless ; the mind alone is still active in this human machine , and that is faint and flickering , like the light of a lamp about to expire . his <unk> ” to the bastile ? ” ’ t like it . was closed : letter contain ? ” , who is full of invention , would find some way to save the king . an expression of smiling tenderness , such as franz	164.76980590820312
had never before witnessed in them ; his black eyes especially were full of kindness and pity . go upon deck again , but controlling himself he answered : the vessel , the time she left marseilles , the course she had taken , and what was her cargo . gets out of prison , ” said caderousse , who , with what sense was left him , listened eagerly to the conversation , “ and when one gets out and one ’ s name is edmond dantès , one seeks <unk> ” m. dandré ! ” cried de blacas . ; and with the ten parts of grimaud , which are not worth a <unk> , i regained the diamond . ” an armchair , writing ,	145.8715057373047
with his back towards the door ; he did not move as he heard it open , and the door-keeper pronounce the words , “ walk in , madame , ” and then <unk> it ; but no sooner had the man ’ s footsteps ceased , than he started up , drew the bolts , closed the curtains , and examined every corner of the room . king in bed . ” why you come to disturb my tranquillity ? ” you were saying , beauchamp . ” further ? villefort , was , that the bonapartists had not our sincerity , enthusiasm , or devotion . ” mission on earth ; and to fulfil it he begins at the source of life , and goes down	129.9775848388672
to the mysterious darkness of the tomb . the viscount , — “ i saw <unk> executed , but i think i was rather intoxicated that day , for i had quitted college the same morning , and we had passed the previous night at a tavern . ” courage will render unnecessary the aid of the police , whose interference might seriously affect him who sends this advice . find with the fellow ? ” madame de villefort , “ i need not ask you if you share that fancy . ” the louvre ; i will give in my resignation as captain of the king ’ s musketeers to take a lieutenancy in the cardinal ’ s guards , and if he refuses me , _morbleu	127.29983520507812
! _ i will turn abbé . ” ! faithful servant , my lord , to cardinal richelieu during his life , it stands to reason that now , after his death , i should serve you well , in defiance of the whole world . ” to fire on the people if the people approach the palais royal ! ” exclaimed mazarin . madame . a frown ; and when he had finished , said , “ trifles , only trifles ! ” that was his favorite word . . ” able to tell me better than any other person . ” lord , i am to be taken back to the bastile . ” this evening ? m. coquenard and bade him farewell . for the	92.49308776855469
figure of a man was distinctly visible to franz , gradually emerging from the staircase opposite , upon which the moon was at that moment pouring a full tide of silvery brightness . with three young musketeers , named porthos , d ’ artagnan , and—— ” felton , “ convey me to the little bay of— ; you know it was agreed you should put in there . ” cord at the moment milady cried from her window , “ don ’ t open ! ” ” asked mazarin . both , maximilian ; that will make me at least partly happy . ” name of an island , and he has a family name . ” , or we can ’ t drink . ” ;	117.91417694091797
and besides , loves your majesty too well . ” shown to a queen by the minister from whom a king demands it . ” of fare had found on passing into the compartment he <unk> was empty . . ” as if he wished to drink , and then pointed to his horse and <unk> like a man who is brushing something . bag are with him ? said the young man . was going on when he saw franz quit the cemetery with m. de villefort . ” replied the major . he had been imprisoned , what might he not have accomplished ? at your ease , madame , ” said bonacieux , hurt at the little interest his wife showed in him . to	91.82206726074219
the hilt in rita ’ s left breast . <unk> , my friend , ” said caderousse ; “ and here is danglars , who is a <unk> , clever , deep fellow , who will prove to you that you are wrong . of haitians ? ” said monte cristo . he exclaimed , “ the chief , the chief ! ” those brave french gentlemen who had appeared to him from a distance of a hundred leagues fabulous and <unk> , like the forms that appear in dreams . well ? ” asked the count , with an affectionate benevolence , whose sincerity no one could for a moment doubt . sir ; i am only jealous in one thing , and that is that the	74.89933013916016
relief i give should be entirely from my own resources . ” of raoul was pronounced , looked <unk> at d ’ artagnan , in order to see if any curiosity was painted on his face . s a fine age ! ” replied porthos . rock in order to inspect the base on which it had formerly stood . sitting down to table , m. de monte cristo arrived . quarter will be agreeable to you , since for the moment you have no master but god ? ” the matter over quietly , ” said the count . <unk> understand . ” , and a servant introduced him to the count . return ? —the emperor is no longer on the throne , then ? ”	93.05419921875
and i will comply with them . ” to handle a sword ; you have <unk> of iron , a wrist of steel . . passing among the living ; but he had so long ceased to have any intercourse with the world , that he looked upon himself as dead . ? ” was discovered today , covered with blood , and with a hole over the <unk> ” the ladies screamed , and two or three prepared to faint . , in a less dangerous situation than the one in which he was now placed , he had already endeavored to sacrifice her to his honor . morrel , “ i understand it all , and this scene was premeditated . ” de guiche to his	100.1054916381836
tutor , “ we will precede you , and you can rejoin us on the road to cambrin . ” a violent effort to restrain himself , and then a smile gradually widened the features of his disturbed countenance . silence succeeded these words . lowest on the wheel of fortune that the <unk> wheels and rewards us . all the young man has brought against me , and from this hour hold myself under the authority of the procureur who will succeed me . ” to preserve silence , to discreetly set off to accomplish her difficult mission with her usual skill ; and then , all things being accomplished to the satisfaction of the cardinal , to come to him and claim her vengeance . mercédès	147.69969177246094
with a mournful smile . ” said aramis , “ truly you are a great man . ” . guard in the court , <unk> of arms , and horses saddled . made his appearance at the door . comrades that they had seen the king and that the queen had spoken to them ; and , in fact , they went away quite proud and happy . ” not to understand me , and you understand me so well that you already yield , dear maximilian . d ’ artagnan had already observed then came in . , grimaud ? ” said aramis . watch and play a close game ; for , ” he added with a sigh , “ we two are equal , perhaps	68.25481414794922
, to eight others ; but we are not equal to the four that you know of . ” thought of the moment when , from the top of that wall , he should protect the descent of his dear valentine , pressing in his arms for the first time her of whom he had yet only kissed the delicate hand . walk i will call on him and we will talk . to the count when he mentioned the dear spoil found beneath the flowers . ” ” he cried , “ this is no moment for compliments ; or rather , back , for the battle seems to be lost by the frondeurs . ” keeps a confectioner ’ s shop in the rue des lombards	128.0440216064453
, for he ’ s a lad who was always fond of sweetmeats ; he ’ s now a citizen of paris . quickly as possible ; my slow and stiff motions all attested that the effects of the narcotic were not yet entirely dissipated . father , that if now i should ask for a company the queen would give it to me ? ” as well as grimaud , ” said mousqueton , a little piqued . that queer fellow will be a <unk> before i shall be a captain . ” the family a very long while , ” returned monte cristo , “ a sort of treasure expressly forbidden to be touched for a certain period of years , during which the accumulated interest	170.39434814453125
has doubled the capital . a year after the disappearance of his son the poor old man died . ” peppino who was preparing to mount guard as comfortably as possible by seating himself opposite to the door , and placing between his legs an earthen pan , containing <unk> <unk> with bacon . set about this work , in which , unhappily , i can offer you no assistance ; keep at it all night , if necessary , and do not return here tomorrow till after the jailer has visited me . confess to you . for doing the impossible ; what ’ s possible , they say , they can effect themselves , and they are right . the night in the king ’ s	173.5085906982422
room ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . portfolio . ” king from being as complacent to him as possible whenever he met him , or from asking in the kindest tone , “ well , monsieur cardinal , how fares it with that poor jussac and that poor bernajoux of yours ? ” screamed , “ my master is being arrested ; the councillor broussel is being arrested ! to treat me harshly in speaking of me to the abbess . ” at one stroke by the thunder of men in default of god ’ s . ” great liar . according to custom , to a house which i frequented with much pleasure : when one is young , what can be expected ? —one is	178.47137451171875
weak . the curate , apparently accustomed to this tone , “ yes , we wish to know your opinion of the events of to-day and what you have heard said by people going in and out of the church . ” , ” said mercédès . valentine , with her adorable smile , “ awake , and look at me ! ” morrel uttered a loud exclamation , and frantic , doubtful , dazzled , as though by a celestial vision , he fell upon his knees . seat to m. de boville , who took it without ceremony , and quickly drew up the required assignment , while the englishman counted out the bank-notes on the other side of the desk . so , then .	110.81951904296875
system . event has happened ! ” said the lady , glancing inquiringly at lucien , — “ m . it with the duc de longueville ? ” how well i remember them ! , ate from several dishes , drank a little spanish wine , and felt all her resolution return . to foot and as if his determination had been taken with the rapidity of lightning , he struck one of the panes of glass with his elbow ; the glass was shivered to atoms , then withdrawing the curtain he saw morrel , who had been writing at his desk , bound from his seat at the noise of the broken window . the stranger , doubtless to dispel the slight cloud that covered morcerf	166.7445068359375
’ s brow , “ we do not act thus in italy ; we grow according to our race and our species , and we pursue the same lines , and often the same <unk> , all our lives . ” . ? ” sir ; i am convinced that these gentlemen return your kind wishes and will be delighted to kill you also . , when a certain degree of vigor and intelligence is employed ; as for myself , brought up in the mountains , i had a double motive for fearing the gendarmes and custom-house officers , as my appearance before the judges would cause an inquiry , and an inquiry always looks back into the past . ? ” , on the honor of	170.00048828125
a gentleman . ” given up poetry , except now and then to write a drinking song , some gay <unk> or some innocent <unk> ; i compose sermons , my friend . ” me , ” she continued , “ hide nothing from me—what is , in truth , the king ’ s position ? a journey of four days for ordinary travelers , but d ’ artagnan arrived on the third day at the barriere saint denis . then , that he is in your service ? ” artagnan , your opinion is mine , ” cried athos , “ besides , we must be consistent ; i am going to take the waters , you will accompany me . . ” not mistaken . our	82.93494415283203
side now , ” resumed aramis . confined in the château d ’ if since the revolution of july ; it was only inhabited by a guard , kept there for the <unk> of smuggling . clock in the morning . me , ’ and you believe that is sufficient ? her by name ! ” exclaimed albert ; “ she is said to possess as much wit and cleverness as beauty . think , there are paltry country <unk> who have all some title or another and pretend to go back as far as charlemagne , or at least to <unk> <unk> . secondary agent in this sad affair , and it is of m. de monte cristo that you must demand an explanation . ” many	119.99273681640625
ways , but without attaching you to my person . set to . ” lord wilmore , requesting an interview , which the latter had fixed for ten o ’ clock . ” he at length answered , “ that i wish to speak to her , and i beg she will wait for me in her own room . ” startling revelation was to follow this ominous prelude . disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages . ” said athos ; “ and how ? broussel was somewhat moved , but seeing him bow politely he rose and bowed also . carefully keeping the boat in the shadow ; then , when they were opposite the fire , he	189.92019653320312
steered to the centre of the circle , singing a fishing song , of which his companions sung the chorus . very bitter , ” said valentine ; “ so bitter , that all i drink afterwards appears to have the same <unk> ” noirtier looked inquiringly at his granddaughter . they gave him the portmanteau ; then the two young girls , having told him to take it to no . who has an office , agents , spies , and fifteen hundred thousand francs for secret service money , to know what is going on at sixty leagues from the coast of france ! replied the stranger , “ is so well known to the prefect that he wishes as a magistrate to ascertain from you	162.49522399902344
some particulars connected with the public safety , to ascertain which i am deputed to see you . you . king and ré . ’ ” faces just arrived . <unk> as i entered upon the history of the diamond , but , to my inexpressible astonishment , he confirmed it in every particular , and to my equal surprise , he seemed to place entire belief in all i said . all , one room , ” continued monte cristo , “ very plain in appearance , hung with red damask , which , i know not why , appeared to me quite dramatic . ” we were saying . ever see a scorpion <unk> to a wall ? his seat , and he entered the orchestra	156.30128479003906
with château-renaud and beauchamp . franz , in his turn interrupting his host ’ s meditations , “ you had some motive for coming here , may i beg to know what it was ? ” immediately . on a subject ; then , when i shall have learned what i desire to know , i will withdraw . ” then ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . ” said monte cristo quietly , “ i see you wish to quarrel with me ; but i would give you one piece of advice , which you will do well to keep in mind . beg leave to observe to monsieur that the night will be very cold , that chills bring on rheumatism , and that a lackey	70.08312225341797
who has the rheumatism makes but a poor servant , particularly to a master as active as monsieur . ” gold chain worth about five louis , and the husband a pair of buckles , worth perhaps fifteen francs . footsteps and the murmur of their voices soon died away . useful , so i took them . ” really did turn pale , and was very nearly angry with this household plague , who answered to the name of edward ; but the count , on the contrary , smiled , and appeared to look at the boy complacently , which caused the maternal heart to bound again with joy and enthusiasm . carriage . of me ? ” inquired the man , retreating a step or	197.97557067871094
two , as if to keep on his guard . ’ s no need of so much heroism . conversation that had been carried on in his presence ( for they always say and do what they like before the dear old man , without the smallest regard for his feelings ) had made a strong impression on his mind ; for , naturally enough , it must have <unk> him to hear the emperor he so devotedly loved and served spoken of in that <unk> manner . ” his eminence , monsieur the chevalier , ” said athos , advancing ; “ and you will please to accept the word of monsieur d ’ artagnan that he will go straight to la rochelle . ” ” said	108.72007751464844
aramis , “ he will consent to appear before such a tribunal ? ” ” said athos , triumphantly , “ i swear to you , my friend , by the god who hears <unk> believe that there is a power watching over us , and that we shall all four see france again . ” a steed which was the observed of all <unk> . coming amongst us was to present a pair of horses , worth 32,000 francs , to madame danglars ; his second , the almost miraculous preservation of madame de villefort ’ s life ; now it seems that he has carried off the prize awarded by the jockey club . monte cristo “ do you not know any cause for this hatred	116.302001953125
? ” servant opened one of the four doors of the apartment , saying : the <unk> and had ordered him to be hanged near the cross of du <unk> ; but in attempting to execute this command the <unk> were attacked in the <unk> with stones and halberds ; the delinquent had escaped to the rue des lombards and rushed into a house . foreseen , athos was not within . know , but yet she did not the less feel that these reproaches were merited . ” was it ? i felt a smile on my lips . the prisoner , “ let ’ s think who it can be . abbé <unk> ” monte cristo took off the wig which <unk> him , and let	143.4827880859375
fall his black hair , which added so much to the beauty of his pallid features . to a lady recently come from boulogne . ” two ; m. and madame danglars , four ; m. de château-renaud , m. debray , m. morrel , seven ; major bartolomeo cavalcanti , eight . ” . ” one of those wretches with whom the palace <unk> and who are placed about her as spies ! merely returned a <unk> movement of the head , while , with a cold smile , she directed the attention of her mother to an opposite box on the first circle , in which sat the countess g—— , and where morcerf had just made his appearance . that when i came in ,	142.4896697998047
although i had the key of your apartment in my pocket , and that key had never quit me , i found a letter on the green table cover in your bedroom . ” ” said de comminges ; “ sleep well ! ” laden with grain . for him , and he was in such haste to know the reason of his doing so that he had not stopped to take a cab , placing infinitely more dependence on his own two legs than on the four legs of a <unk> . him of me ? ” bearing became still more imposing . the abbé ; “ you will force the last drop of blood from your veins . words with a hoarse , choking voice ,	113.65040588378906
he staggered towards the door , which was mechanically opened by a door-keeper . me to judge . three-quarters of the length of the wall when the cord broke . by my needless haste . as a brother about to go for a mere walk takes leave of his sister , kissing her hand . the temples of d ’ artagnan , who arose , and replied : wrist ? ” to the utmost . the sheets in which she was lying , and mistress as she was of herself , could not help uttering a cry , seizing the hand of the novice , and devouring her with looks . with me ? ” said monte cristo . anything for copies of this ebook , complying with	106.3398208618164
the trademark license is very easy . you lay your hand on a certain man named mordaunt , tell porthos to take him into a corner and to wring his neck . to start at once . ” the count , smiling . any mistake , are you ? ” said the notary ; “ you really mean to declare that such is not your intention ? ” said the cardinal ; “ and you , monsieur aramis ? ” changed in and about me ; i am accustomed to brave difficulties , and , in the conflict to crush those who , by their own free will , or by chance , voluntarily or involuntarily , interfere with me in my career . with astonishment . my	109.22322082519531
lord ! you do not stay there ! ” queen is known ; and they wish either to remove her from her mistress , or to intimidate her , in order to obtain her majesty ’ s secrets , or to seduce her and make use of her as a spy . ” than ever ! ” i am here ; i wish to see valentine . ” a vain menace ; for the <unk> sailor in the mediterranean would have been unable to overtake the little tartan , that with every <unk> of canvas set was flying before the wind to leghorn . to leave her , milady recalled his promise to avenge her on the comte de wardes . vengeance against my father , and had	121.068115234375
long watched his opportunity to kill him , had introduced himself that night into the garden in which my father buried me . parts in the popular comedy he was performing , —a <unk> he had adopted and which suited him about as well as the masks worn on the classic stage by paternal actors , who seen from one side , were the image of <unk> , and from the other showed lips drawn down in <unk> ill-temper . carriage will be here first . ” , thought proper to threaten his prisoner that if he did not give up drawing such pictures he should be obliged to deprive him of all the means of amusing himself in that manner . the marquise , “ it seems	211.2342529296875
probable that , by the aid of the holy alliance , we shall be rid of napoleon ; and we must trust to the vigilance of m. de villefort to <unk> marseilles of his partisans . young man at <unk> that he at all mistrusted him , but for the sake of having someone to whom he could constantly talk of the queen . d ’ artagnan , who began to suspect the truth . noirtier with an expression of sinister joy . an encounter with your eminence ’ s guards decided the victory in favor of the king ’ s musketeers ; it is he who gave three desperate wounds to de wardes , your emissary , and who caused the affair of the diamond studs to	109.50420379638672
fail ; it is he who , knowing it was i who had madame bonacieux carried off , has sworn my death . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ finish dressing his majesty . ” till this time held his head down over his papers , looked up to see what sort of person he had to do with . ’ artagnan ’ s arms . tréville , lowering his voice , and looking into every corner of the apartment to see if they were alone , “ now let us talk about yourself , my young friend ; for it is evident that your happy return has something to do with the joy of the king , the triumph of the queen , and the humiliation	80.91974639892578
of his eminence . d ’ artagnan , “ how did you escape ? ” remit to me these 48,000 francs ? ” . rochefort , with a smile ; “ this is a fortunate <unk> that will delight his eminence ! d ’ artagnan pressed raoul ’ s hand . , and prepare my pills myself . ” will you not ? night that cucumetto had sent carlini to a village , so that he had been unable to go to the place of meeting . streets . of sending the letter to the commissary of police , notwithstanding the advice of his anonymous friend , or perhaps because of that advice , when suddenly the idea occurred to him that it might be some personal enemy	80.91828155517578
, whom he alone should recognize and over whom , if such were the case , he alone would gain any advantage , as <unk> had done over the <unk> who would have killed him . for a victor ! ” artagnan , with you , <unk> four reunited for the first time for twenty <unk> would dare not only england , but the three kingdoms put together ! ” . ” , ” said athos ; “ such a beautiful woman ! ” god , no , —my papers are all in capital order , because i have none ; but m. cavalcanti ’ s . ” she should not be disturbed ; and when all was arranged , he went out quietly with the soldiers .	110.13190460205078
<unk> me of my senses , and finding that i could no longer be of service to anyone in the house , my only desire was to fly . that , for he has complained of feeling almost suffocated , and asked why the venetian blinds were not opened as well as the windows . ” brute ! ” said aramis . to me , for i wish to announce to monsieur le comte that my master , one of his friends , is here , and wishes to greet him . ” . abbé , i am not mad ; perhaps i shall be , but at present , unfortunately , i am not . who killed him , ” said athos in a soft , low	92.20263671875
tone , “ ’ twas destiny . ” and pensive , hardly knowing what to think of the <unk> , <unk> , with which his host related the brief narrative . you wish , madame , ” said villefort ; “ more especially since your wishes <unk> with mine , and as soon as m. d ’ épinay arrives in <unk> ” ? ” well , ” said the gascon , “ that you were a man of talent . to be sure , kitty , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ be at ease , my girl . replied grimaud . from that day . ” rochefort . ” than <unk> has made himself understood . ” whole body . ” that he had forty ways	64.03510284423828
of getting out of prison . said the young man . you as a stranger ? ” was some gossip who wanted news from the capital . person speak as you do . ” crime , ” said monte cristo . positive , ” continued d ’ artagnan ; “ but after all , it is but a menace . ” out . ” “ _a propos_ , sire , do not forget to tell her majesty the evening before the fête that you should like to see how her diamond studs become her . ” know the four men who undertook to rescue him ? ” he might have nothing to reproach himself with , he directed his steps , for the last time , toward the	76.06035614013672
<unk> of his three friends . passed such an act as that . ” done ? ” said porthos . door , if you please , and request him to be so kind as to give me an audience . ” me to terrify me , that ’ s all. ’ you are mistaken . spoke was the one in which was fixed the loophole by which light was admitted to the chamber . ” asked morrel . favor . ” and whilst she deemed herself alone and freed from the world of enemies who sought to spy into her secret thoughts , he read her thoughts in her countenance , as one sees in a transparent lake clouds <unk> , like thoughts , of the heavens .	115.65005493164062
his father ’ s marriage and his own baptismal register , and after having opened them with all the eagerness which might be expected under the circumstances , he read them with a facility which proved that he was accustomed to similar documents , and with an expression which plainly denoted an unusual interest in the contents . , some chambermaid with whom i have <unk> in some garrison ? pardoned he remained . instantly to the office of the _lieutenant-criminel_ . aramis , “ god desires the conversion and not the death of a sinner . ” father , and with your permission , now i have seen you , and know you are well and have all you require , i will ask your consent to	132.65725708007812
go and pay a visit to the catalans . ” ” said the three musketeers . le gascon ? ” asked mazarin , supporting his elbows on his desk and his chin on his hands . the man in the red cloak remained standing alone in the middle of the room . as if he meant to say , “ but he does not wear the cardinal ’ s cap ; ” then he added : was therefore admired , feared , and loved ; and this constitutes the <unk> of human fortune . contemplative mood . obtained them ? ” and the procureur arrived , the one accompanied by the porter , the other by ali , and were received by the abbé busoni , who was	90.66181945800781
praying by the side of the corpse . cried beauchamp . young man ; he is said to be of good family and rich , but i never trust to vague assertions . caderousse , groaning with pain . going ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . his hiding-place with a beating heart , and looked through the small opening in the gate ; there was yet no one to be seen . would be quartered instead of being broken on the wheel . ” not flatter him . ” a very severe tutor , and had never been to paris before . ” able to understand how all this is . ” ” said villefort . . making his toilet . shall be a splendid funeral !	72.90209197998047
” known the prince , whilst raoul now saw him for the first time . and was going into the study , when danglars stopped her . ; but is this little woman , then , to escape his eminence ? ” said morrel , “ allow me , sir , to tell you who i am , how much i love mademoiselle valentine , and what are my designs respecting her . ” cried , “ will you dare to tell me you did not know what you now reproach me with ? ” saying that the noise fatigued him , and that he should pass the next day in writing and looking over his journal . julie , “ i have not lost all hope of	73.56852722167969
some day kissing that hand , as i now kiss the purse which he has touched . a musketeer , ” said aramis , humbly . to and fro , and pressed his burning forehead against the fence . , ” said the cardinal . it most expedient , without exhibiting too much ill-will , to follow to the end his role as confessor . the <unk> would have been belief in all the good things he said of himself . chapter 27 . newcastle struck one the sleeper awoke , and with all the gestures of a man <unk> himself out of deep sleep he looked attentively about him ; perceiving that he was alone he rose and making a little circuit passed close to the cavalier	206.80160522460938
who was speaking to the sentinel . betraying marks have attracted other eyes than those for whom they were made ? the queen . ? ” then , in sinbad the sailor ? ” asked he , smiling . had neither listened nor heard . to them and again recommend silence . ” cried milady . enough for that ? ” ” said valentine , perceiving the effect which her words were producing on maximilian : “ i have done wrong , for i have given utterance to thoughts concerning that man which i did not even know existed in my heart . day for tours , and was allowed eight days for performing his commission . them ! ” felton , “ only promise till you have	130.01173400878906
seen me again . , she bit her lip and said , “ then shall i send valentine to you ? ” the old man closed his eyes eagerly , thereby <unk> that such was his wish . order and for the good of the state that the bearer of this has done what he has done . with a pistol and sword raised his head , but it was too late . 84 . , that if i leave you , <unk> ” mme . the bottom steps , amusing themselves with the following exercise , while ten or twelve of their comrades waited upon the landing place to take their turn in the sport . be _mazzolato_ ; 3 he is an atrocious villain , who	146.23622131347656
murdered the priest who brought him up , and deserves not the smallest pity . broken loose ? ” cried a third . me ; not being of a race of <unk> fame , like the de <unk> , who were content to be plain sirs , or the <unk> , who didn ’ t wish to be dukes , all these people , who are all either <unk> or comtes go before me at church in all the ceremonies , and i can say nothing to them . met the funeral procession which was taking valentine to her last home on earth . her pocket a letter which she gave to debray . cried , ‘ on , d ’ artagnan , on , i am taken	163.4663543701172
’ ? the abbé adelmonte . in <unk> , one above the other , and which seemed in contrast with the white stones to open their large dark eyes , like those which we see on the faces of the dead . it you with all my heart ! ” added caderousse with his hoarse laugh . who had addressed her remained so completely in the shade , that , though franz tried his utmost , he could not distinguish a single feature . to the count of san-felice , who sent for the little shepherd , made him read and write before him , ordered his attendant to let him eat with the domestics , and to give him two piastres a month . overtake him ?	136.2854461669922
” was done for saint stephen of florence , saint george <unk> of <unk> , and even for the order of malta . drew back his head , saying , “ i thought so ! ” and <unk> from the shoulders of dantès as <unk> as he had ascended , he nimbly leaped from the table to the ground . the more terrible because it had no definite object ; the more melancholy , because those engaged in it knew not for whom they were fighting . his neighbor had really ceased to work . felt a shudder at the idea of even a <unk> angel ? ” , but the latter restrained him more by a mild look than by his extended hand . porthos , “	147.86605834960938
we have mousqueton , but since he has been steward , he has become very heavy ; never mind , let us call him , and to make sure that he will reply <unk> but to send monsieur mazarin to the most distant frontier and to take care that he does not return even by that , nor any other entrance into france . ” store for him ; turning around , he saw near the door a beautiful fair face , whose large blue eyes were , without any marked expression , fixed upon him , while the bouquet of <unk> was gently raised to her lips . <unk> ! ” repeated monte cristo ; “ and what was his mania ? ” the fine courtyard ;	147.9907684326172
some , belonging to the kitchens , gliding down the stairs , restored but the previous day , as if they had always inhabited the house ; others filling the <unk> , where the equipages , <unk> and numbered , appeared to have been installed for the last fifty years ; and in the stables the horses replied with <unk> to the grooms , who spoke to them with much more respect than many servants pay their masters . confidence she has even placed in mazarin ’ s hands that famous <unk> remember all about <unk> i once sold to monsieur des essarts and of which , i don ’ t know how , she has regained possession . ” in preventing your arrival there ? ” :	175.4701690673828
www.gutenberg.org/donate . not ! , monsieur , ” said monte cristo “ that you served at yanina ? ” have <unk> in a felucca manned by a crew of four . ” . that all went well . punctuality ! ” said andrea , throwing himself into a chair in a manner which implied that he would rather have flung it at the head of his host . to see either his wife or his daughter , went at once to his study , and , offering the young man a chair : swear to you , by the head of that son for whom i entreat your pity , <unk> , for ten years i saw every night every detail of that frightful tragedy , and for	102.17276000976562
ten years i heard every night the cry which awoke me , shuddering and cold . short time to receive the compliments of the city <unk> and to reply to the salutations of the ladies . i was there , and very anxious to speak ; but danglars restrained me . ? ” be the end ? ” joy , but delirium . back of his armchair . that they were there . the king . , it is very necessary for me to make my fortune , your eminence has so long forgotten me . ” standing and motionless , followed him with their eyes without speaking a single word until he had disappeared . embraced on the <unk> , in the presence and amid the applause	95.04739379882812
of the whole city witnessing this event , a man , with his face <unk> by a black beard , and who , concealed behind the <unk> , watched the scene with delight , uttered these words in a low tone : ” pursued madame g—— with considerable animation , “ you can probably tell me who won the jockey club stakes ? ” ” lens , with the intention , doubtless , of securing possession of that town and separating from france the army of france . friend , this time you are wrong , ” interrupted porthos . , ” said the envoy of the prefect of the police , “ but the light tries my eyes very <unk> ” the abbé lowered the shade .	145.12042236328125
have served as an instrument to that accursed woman ; but i swear to you that this crime shall be her last . ” took her , tried her , and condemned her . ” say , there ’ s no longer a queen . ” replied the coachman . company were discussing the approaching marriage of mademoiselle danglars , i was reading the paper to my grandfather ; but when i came to the paragraph about you , although i had done nothing else but read it over to myself all the morning ( you know you had told me all about it the previous evening ) , i felt so happy , and yet so nervous , at the idea of speaking your name aloud ,	115.97294616699219
and before so many people , that i really think i should have passed it over , but for the fear that my doing so might create suspicions as to the cause of my silence ; so i summoned up all my courage , and read it as firmly and as steadily as i could . ” this moment , he would have been proclaimed king of the _moccoli_ , and <unk> the <unk> to the throne . so extraordinary , that what you tell me seems less astonishing than it otherwise might . ” and i expected this result . ” other ’ s arms , embraced tenderly , and returned together to the house . see you again , my dear edmond . new-comers , their	141.3721160888672
eyes glanced from father to son , and then , naturally enough , rested on the latter , whom they began <unk> . to stay at the hotel until the next day ; the horses had done ten leagues that day and needed rest . ” forsooth , ” said rochefort , “ and when you find any of them , you march them off to the bastile . , caderousse . ” , as if to thank heaven . was ignorant of the news . ” instance , i say to my friends , be on a certain day , on a certain hour , at the other side of the moat with two horses . ” me , that of <unk> the magistrate before whom i	89.47924041748047
was taken to cause every inquiry to be made for the abbé busoni , who had stopped at the inn of the pont du gard on that morning . athos , suddenly , “ where have you brought us ? reflect ? ” a monk and revealed it to him in confession . ” correctly ; mordaunt felt that he had no time to lose , and he lost none . ” , not to kill is to let one ’ s self be killed . ” , but his knees trembled , and his heart beat so violently , and his sight became so dim , that he was forced to pause . of two streets and had in the rear , bordering on the side street	124.64158630371094
, stables and a sort of garden . the clock was striking twelve . in gloomy hesitation . days to the italians . drunk for my part a hundred and fifty bottles . ” <unk> is our <unk> saviour of our father ! hasten her marriage with franz . ” sound became more and more distinct . in the house . his discourse , fixing his <unk> ’ s eye upon poor bonacieux , he bade him reflect upon the gravity of his situation . aramis , “ i understand . ” , very well , ” said the major , clutching the buttons of his coat at each exclamation . to be thwarted ; he , like porthos , has obliged his peasantry to call him ‘	130.25486755371094
my lord , ’ and to <unk> his <unk> place by the name of chateau . ” bastille ! ” cried mme . milady , “ i believe so ; the queen is so good ! ” ” no pains to conceal how little affection he has for me . that i should be delighted to order masses for the repose of his soul . ” , and his silence made almost an old man of him . madame , i can assure you ; i know my father . ” convinced they are all charming women . ” <unk> ” and he made some steps toward the door . . ” now . ” cried the monk , standing up and lifting his hands to heaven .	61.731605529785156
raoul lay , unfortunately , he could neither draw his sword from the scabbard , nor his pistols from their holsters . , d ’ artagnan ? ” asked athos . monte cristo , illustrated salutation . , we will see . of their fine exploit in the cabaret of the next village , where my brother and i were drinking . ” smiling , half blushing . will do wonderfully well , ” said athos . return . d ’ herblay ? ” ? —you are not monte cristo ? queen ’ s invalid , with a pension of fifteen hundred francs . he said , “ since , after running after one another so long , chance has at last brought us together , let us	102.38032531738281
have a little conversation , if you please . ” famous diamond , ” answered d ’ artagnan , with a sigh . it carries me away . ” them ; they played , and i won . s hand , and while he visited her grandmother , she descended the steps . have been more impassive and more mute ? . his father ’ s views , he will , perhaps , give him one , two , or three millions . d ’ artagnan went into the chamber . that <unk> tigers and crocodiles are more dangerous than the others . ” ! ” he cried . give them to him . ” lost ! ” cried he . useless , ” interrupted d ’ artagnan	63.38212203979492
; “ there are loaded pistols in your holsters . ” said the englishman , with a sigh ; “ you frenchmen are born boon companions . ” ’ clock in the winter , about six in summer , and went to take the <unk> and see how things went on at m. de tréville ’ s . haydée stopped , overcome by such violent emotion that the perspiration stood upon her pale brow , and her stifled voice seemed hardly able to find utterance , so parched and dry were her throat and lips . morrel , that woman—— ” s true ; but alone as you are , you have done much already , and will do still more , i don ’ t doubt .	131.57489013671875
proceed a hundred steps without being stopped by sentinels placed before the barricades , who demanded the watchword ; and on their saying that they were going to monsieur de bouillon on a mission of importance a guide was given them under pretext of conducting them , but in fact as a spy over their movements . in the same position , for she thought they might perhaps be examining her through the keyhole ; she then slowly raised her head , which had resumed its formidable expression of menace and defiance , ran to the door to listen , looked out of her window , and returning to bury herself again in her large armchair , she reflected . of all kinds were assembled at the gate	209.44155883789062
of the camp ; and in a separate group might be distinguished m. de busigny , the dragoon , the swiss , and the fourth <unk> . for that purpose . ” villefort , with a startling accent ; “ does she wish that ? ” twenty-six or twenty-seven years of age ; that is to say , she was in the full splendor of her beauty . be shown into the room <unk> he was to sleep , without in the least concerning himself as to where his wife and daughter were to repose . who makes the excellent pies you know of . sixth and seventh left ribs , as your countrymen do , you must have struck higher or lower , and life is very	179.9475860595703
tenacious in these lawyers , or rather there is no truth in anything you have told <unk> was a fright of the imagination , a dream of your fancy . his pocket <unk> , and was carried up to the red moustache , which it played with for some time . a long and flexible neck , issued from his large black robe , balancing itself with a motion very much like that of the <unk> thrusting his head out of his <unk> . all paris knew it yesterday , and the day before it had already transpired on the bourse , and m. danglars ( i do not know by what means that man <unk> to obtain intelligence as soon as we do ) made a million	158.95538330078125
! ” ” said valentine . will not get beyond bondy . ? ” but he was desirous of testing his strength , and , brought up in the principles of athos and certain of having heard him speak a thousand times of stages of twenty-five leagues , he did not wish to fall far short of his model . reassured him ; he remembered that before they were buried their heads were generally cut off , and he felt that his head was still on his shoulders . for d ’ artagnan and for porthos . this morning , my lord , and i am mounted provisionally on my lackey ’ s . ” , and again dipped it into the golden box . but to submit	106.3935317993164
, and left the office to despatch a courier to morcerf . purchase it ? ” , also , that the house of thomson & french have constantly denied having rendered you this service ? ” to do , then at this end ? ” said mordaunt . toward the compartment in which grimaud was secreted ; opened the door , entered and shut it after them . said she , “ and when the next waiter passes , insist upon his taking something . ” seeing these tears . he found the vessel that had been named to him , delivered his letter to the captain , who after having it examined by the governor of the port made immediate preparations to sail . will not say	130.0016326904297
see him , but even think of him without imagining his stern head upon manfred ’ s shoulders , or beneath lara ’ s <unk> . witness , at whose feet i have prostrated myself daily for the last ten years , that i would have sacrificed my life to you , and with my life the projects that were <unk> linked with it . ” ” in addition to athos ’ s old horse , cost six pistoles . silence , during which the two men looked at each other , as if to make a preliminary acquaintance , after which d ’ artagnan bowed , as a sign that he listened . the host , “ if the lackey has drunk only half as much as	137.20339965820312
the master , i am a ruined man . ” mazarin . also , ” replied faria . you , madame ; but either i was deceived or hell has resuscitated you ! ” with anger , rushed from the hall sword in hand , followed by six <unk> , pushing , inquiring and panting in the crowd ; and then , having found nothing , returned . eyes , and saw him mount the first step . was the next morning <unk> m. <unk> , the helpless old man , at the tender mercies of the <unk> creature in the household , that is , his grandchild , valentine ; a dumb and frozen carcass , in fact , living <unk> on , that time may be	141.1241912841797
given for his frame to <unk> without his consciousness of its decay . ” though wanting in practice had a sound theory , redoubled his agility . you are his nightmare . ” of inflexible determination ; he firmly <unk> to a purpose once formed , when it seemed to him to spring from conscience and to be <unk> by a sense of duty . in believing that cavalcanti to be a stingy fellow . know you . ” the bread he was about to devour , and returned to his <unk> did not wish to die . decide . ” <unk> ’ — ‘ then , ’ said he , ‘ write to yanina . ’ ” friends ! ” murmured d ’ artagnan ; “ where	119.146240234375
are you ? one of my friends ? ” replied d ’ artagnan , affecting hesitation in order to make her believe him ignorant . aramis , you may enjoy that pleasure , for one of those three horses is yours . ” cried . . . ” numerous , ” observed mousqueton , “ ’ tis not we who have them , but they who have us . ” hard pressed by gendarmes or carbineers ; well , they see a vessel , and good fellows like us on board , they come and demand hospitality of us ; you can ’ t refuse help to a poor hunted devil ; we receive them , and for greater security we stand out to sea . for you	146.06060791015625
? ” asked emmanuel . always finds admirers , go where he will . met at brussels rochefort , the <unk> <unk> of the cardinal disguised as a capuchin , and that this cursed rochefort , thanks to his disguise , had <unk> monsieur de <unk> , like a <unk> as he is . ” i assure you . ” his hand with the air of supreme command which characterized him alone , drew out his sword and the scabbard at the same time , broke the blade in the sheath on his knee and threw the pieces to his right . ! ” retorted la carconte . away all my pains ; i could mount him with thirty balls in my body . saluted her ironically ,	134.75631713867188
and went out . chibouque , drew the lasso from his pocket , threw it so skilfully as to catch the <unk> of the near horse in its triple fold , and suffered himself to be dragged on for a few steps by the violence of the shock , then the animal fell over on the pole , which snapped , and therefore prevented the other horse from pursuing its way . on you , as a principal in the tragic scene <unk> here , such painful emotions , are to me , on the contrary , a source of something like <unk> , and serve but to <unk> the value of this dwelling in my estimation . athos , “ madame , in the name of heaven	149.72853088378906
, whose empty glass is this ? ” , ” interposed monte cristo . ” said villefort , deeply affected , in spite of himself , “ do not yield to those gloomy thoughts ; you will long live with us , happy , loved , and honored , and we will make you <unk> ” opening the door of the drawing-room , saw haydée , who had fallen on a chair , with her arms hanging down and her beautiful head thrown back . and heart . mistaken ! ” exclaimed dantès . ; with a terrible bound he sprang to the side of cahusac , crying , “ to me , monsieur guardsman ; i will slay you ! ” the patron , “ let what	87.97991180419922
may happen , it shall never be said that we deserted a good comrade like you . m. de salvieux ’ s letter , embraced renée , kissed the marquise ’ s hand , and shaken that of the marquis , started for paris along the aix road . never injured her . ” count ’ s manners , and he was only prevented from recognizing him for a perfect gentleman by reason of his varied knowledge . , ” said he , “ to the louvre without losing an instant , and let us endeavor to see the king before he is prejudiced by the cardinal . hold you in high admiration for the affair of london , he entertains a great hatred for you ; but	132.63922119140625
as , considering everything , he can not accuse you openly , and as hatred must be satisfied , particularly when it ’ s a cardinal ’ s hatred , take care of yourself . the stairs ; he had only time to creep into an alcove to avoid them . was what my captain had bade me do . ” more than half an hour . , edmond ; what you have just done is <unk> is grand ; it is sublime . ” sure ! ” said d ’ artagnan , pressing athos ’ s hand . your excellency , ” he said ; “ this must be one of your friends . ” ” i am not as brave and courageous as was my poor	79.63546752929688
brother . ” strong mind , maximilian . it is true you called her thus . ” d ’ avrigny in the same pitiless tone , — “ m . so shamefully assassinated in 1815 ? ” the next morning she again proceeded , and in three hours after entered béthune . to indemnify himself for all these <unk> and <unk> during the carnival , knowing full well that among the different states and kingdoms in which this festivity is celebrated , rome is the spot where even the wisest and gravest throw off the usual <unk> of their lives , and deign to mingle in the follies of this time of liberty and <unk> . ? ” asked the owner , with an air of considerable resignation	183.5046844482422
. i understand , ” said danglars , and then in a low tone , he added , “ to paris , no doubt to deliver the letter which the grand marshal gave him . him <unk> won ’ t ! that you don ’ t answer when i ring ? ” in the taste displayed in furnishing , and in the rapidity with which it was executed . one as would be made by the <unk> of a ball . ” from his wounds . he , in an accent of greater astonishment than before , “ your second witness is monsieur aramis ? ” , placing her hand modestly over her beautiful eyes , “ never ! and be of good courage , ” said athos	83.81829833984375
. had no longer any <unk> to remain at monte cristo . monsieur , ” said milady , in a voice whose singular sweetness contrasted with the symptoms of ill-humor which d ’ artagnan had just remarked ; “ you have today acquired eternal rights to my gratitude . ” not less guarded than the hotel de bouillon , and presented as warlike an appearance . of reverie , he remembered where he had left d ’ artagnan and porthos and that they must have overheard everything . ? ” was not quite at ease , excited by its carelessness , at once full of dignity and submission , the admiration of d ’ artagnan , who beheld in these two men <unk> , and in their leader	91.25210571289062
an <unk> jupiter , armed with all his <unk> . the increase of torture which your visits cause me ? ” that is the name , certainly . ’ clock . , for i knew none , except his mother ’ s , as a young girl , and it was by this name that he recognized her , but he knows that his uncle was among her judges . ” him all that could be done . latterly been allowed a fire , burned the letter , but kept the ball , and went to bed , hiding the ball under his bolster . mean ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . enough , ” said fernand , clenching his hands without raising his head . ,	78.90105438232422
i am thinking of other things besides breakfast just now ; perhaps we may take that meal at a later hour and in worse company . ” athos , “ that ’ s grimaud ’ s business . ” de guiche , “ you must understand that this is one of those wandering brothers , who go begging on the high road until some day a <unk> falls down from heaven on them ; they are mostly <unk> , irish or <unk> . . ” sorrows and my tortures , i show you today a face which the happiness of revenge makes young <unk> face you must often have seen in your dreams since your marriage with mercédès , my betrothed ! ” if caderousse was alone ,	163.81874084472656
to acquaint him with my presence , finish the meal the custom-house officers had interrupted , and profit by the threatened storm to return to the rhône , and ascertain the state of our vessel and its crew . . ” lose sight of monte cristo ; she saw that he took nothing , and even noticed his gesture of refusal . front of the window , upon the <unk> of which he had leaned with his elbow , and knitted his brow like a man disquieted . as it appears . on a thick and soft carpet , and his guides let go their hold of him . fair hair ; her large , animated , intelligent eyes , so often opened by intrigue , so often	162.57366943359375
closed by the blindness of love . athos , “ no fish at a seaport ? ” i was just asking myself whether i had not wished harm towards those poor morcerfs , which would have justified the proverb of ‘ he who wishes misfortunes to happen to others <unk> them <unk> ’ well , on my word of honor , i answered , ‘ no ! ’ i wished no ill to morcerf ; he was a little proud , perhaps , for a man who like myself has risen from nothing ; but we all have our faults . ? ” , for having by a trick unworthy of a gentleman provoked your anger ; and i , in exchange , pardon you the murder of	201.81666564941406
my poor love and your cruel vengeance against me . to the rescue of the crest-fallen minister , instead of aiding to crush him . expression , , ” said la ramee , in sprightly allusion to the silence of his subordinate , “ if he has said anything disagreeable to your highness . ” have been cut with scissors . ” tetanus and poisoning by vegetable substances are the same . ” me . ” the tip of your finger a single hair of d ’ artagnan , who is a faithful friend whom i love and defend , or i swear to you by the head of my father the crime which you shall have endeavored to commit , or shall have committed , shall be	116.28231811523438
the last . ” the great satisfaction of all ; and while we are still gaping with wonder at the news , you come and tell us today , ‘ let us say no more about it . ’ ” said the queen , “ be as grateful as you like , it does not implicate me ; you are here safe and sound , that is all i wished for ; you are not only welcome , but welcome back . ” running hand . ” is not given , as you have done for the last six months , out of pure christian charity ; that would be too grand . said , “ we roughly <unk> out a career for this young man . appeared	98.11148071289062
the first gentleman of his kingdom . , ” cried caderousse , clasping his hands , and drawing nearer to monte cristo , “ i may indeed say you are my deliverer ! ” i must be contented to imagine it . ” the house when you left ? ” door . , ” said athos , sighing ; “ the past and the future . ” germain bowed . sixty thousand francs income . he fell asleep at daybreak , and did not awake till late . looked at himself in the glass with an <unk> smile of satisfaction . called the comte de la fere . ” had been closed to screen them from sight , but they were forced , when the door was open	67.8970947265625
, to pass through a throng of curious glances and whispering voices . ” he exclaimed , “ it was you ! , ” said d ’ artagnan . ’ s meaning , and answered by a slight shrug of his shoulders . to marseilles , madame . ” provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg™ ’ s goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg™ collection will remain freely available for generations to come . temples , his eyes became dim ; he saw from what <unk> the ferocious hopes of the young man arose , and he put his hand to the hilt of his sword . ” room , ” replied groslow . , but i owe this money to	105.07762145996094
the charity fund , —a deposit which i promised to pay this morning . ” , having got up too close , stepped back to prepare a fourth thrust , but the moment when , after a fine , quick feint , he was attacking as sharply as lightning , the wall seemed to give way , mordaunt disappeared through the opening , and d ’ artagnan ’ s blade , caught between the panels , shivered like a sword of glass . to leave the city by the porta del popolo , to drive round the walls , and re-enter by the porta san giovanni ? ” a man named brisemont died in my place . ” in league with him . ” those of the queen	153.4808807373047
, and a smile of terrible joy passed over his lips ; the queen did not wear her diamond studs . immediately call on m. danglars , and tell him that my mother and myself must leave paris tomorrow . going their rounds . ” the hands of d ’ artagnan , approached the lamp , set fire to the paper , and did not let go till it was reduced to a <unk> . around him . the dungeon he perceived an <unk> , the white letters of which were still visible on the green wall : he reflected . in arabic to ali , and the horses went on at great speed . my father ? ” stammered he ; “ why do you mingle a	108.09382629394531
recollection of him with the affairs of today ? ” forget that i have done everything in my power to prevent a rupture . ” ll fix that all right . surprised at anything that happens ; prepare yourself for every <unk> . ” grimaud . party came in sight of la réserve , m. morrel descended and came forth to meet it , followed by the soldiers and sailors there assembled , to whom he had repeated the promise already given , that dantès should be the successor to the late captain leclere . young girl ’ s happiness . we shall continue our conversation to the end of the village . ” murmured he , “ i have often felt regret for the victim , but	127.42707061767578
never the very slightest remorse for the assassin . ” . ” ; but his person was so admirably shaped and so well proportioned that more than once in his struggles with porthos he had overcome the giant whose physical strength was proverbial among the musketeers . the door without stopping , and they heard the noise of his footsteps soon die away . but help <unk> we could both together defeat their plan ! . he , “ you will go with all speed to london . also . the hedge , after having cast a glance behind it . monte cristo , he had never for an instant shown any appearance of having been moved . the monks would be rendered aware that temptation was besieging	202.8743438720703
a brother , and all the <unk> would go to prayers . the count , “ let us follow him . ” athos , d ’ artagnan stood on the threshold . genii , <unk> , <unk> , in short , of all the ministers of the occult sciences , until i laughed aloud at the freaks of my own imagination . agony , and , quite out of his senses , rushed towards the door , exclaiming , “ help , help ! ” your mind to avenge yourself on this man , did it not ? ” cried felton . occupants of the apartments on the fifth floor of the house , now become the property of dantès , were duly informed by the notary who	92.65518188476562
had arranged the necessary transfer of deeds , etc. , that the new landlord gave them their choice of any of the rooms in the house , without the least <unk> of rent , upon condition of their giving instant possession of the two small chambers they at present inhabited . suppose is the count ’ s age ? ” inquired mercédès , evidently attaching great importance to this question . , and saw morrel standing at the door , pale and <unk> . , it is because many misfortunes have clouded it ; if my heart be petrified , it is that it might sustain the blows it has received . of those purchases that interest <unk> purchase by which much might have been gained . ”	197.3412628173828
guessed rightly , morrel , ” said the count , “ that is what i intended . ” ? does not say to himself , in a society as <unk> organized as ours , ‘ perhaps some day i shall have to do with the king ’ s attorney ’ ? ” empty , that it seemed as if it would be impossible ever to fill it again ; still he had patience for another half-hour , which appeared to him like a century . . ” to reform it ? ” athos . their word , and thus they grew up together . , will your people take care of my horse ? ” window in this wall . ” that table , and you may remain	75.6624526977539
between it and me . ” ” covered with perspiration ; however , he obeyed , and , leaning out of the window , he cried to the coachman , — “ rue de la fontaine , no . she is or whither they have conducted her . of the papers might be in the arabian , romaic , or turkish language , and the interpreter of the house was in attendance . , from the count of monte cristo to vicomte albert de morcerf and m. franz d ’ épinay . what i give you . ” ” cried morrel . ; all were eager to speak to him , as is always the case with those whose words are few and weighty . stopped at saint	92.82711791992188
germain . ” he says all this , ” muttered beauchamp ; “ decidedly he is a great man . ” perfect contrast to his interrogator , who had just designated him by the name of aramis . proposed , maximilian , had you found me willing to accede ? ” ” , then , ” resumed aramis with politeness mingled with a little impatience . been each in search of his equipments , there had been no fixed meeting between them . the study . i came to ask something more than to be your companion . ’ on madame de villefort ’ s arm . and pointed the way to porthos and aramis , who bore their comrade in their arms . franz , “ then	90.2408676147461
you are a smuggler occasionally , gaetano ? ” i am ignorant ; but i can readily tell you where he is going to , and that is down below , without the least doubt . ” his turn , sprang to the ground , and just at the moment when the coachman , alarmed at not seeing his master , fell back a step , he seized him by his collar with the left , whilst with the right hand he placed the muzzle of a pistol at his breast . grimaud . i , my <unk> , the son of <unk> , the <unk> , the secretary and friend of <unk> know you now , both you and your companions . ” come back again .	89.17243957519531
of fighting to-day , sir ; i was charged , indeed , with a mission to the cardinal and had set out for rueil , when , seeing monsieur de chatillon charge , an invincible desire possessed me to charge at his side . ” returned monte cristo , seeming to yield to his reflections , “ that you should find yourself without any preparation in a house where the event happened that causes you so much remorse . ” not , for he ordered his breakfast at ten o ’ clock . ” and respectfully approached the prelate and spoke to him privately a few words , to which the latter responded by an affirmative sign . shall catch him . , <unk> fellow he is .	140.76597595214844
” the purpose , ” said eugénie ; “ let us speak candidly , sir ; i admire candor . ” and yet the image of his father was so vivid to his mind that he addressed the closed window as though it had been open , and as if through the opening he had beheld the menacing old man . me on the throne of my fathers after five-and-twenty years of exile . _ ” answered a solemn and imperious voice , accompanied by a menacing gesture . you do not know of whom you purchased it ? ” king and the princes , ” added athos . and was playing a game at _lansquenet_ with mousqueton , to keep his hand in ; while a spit	120.12338256835938
loaded with partridges was turning before the fire , and on each side of a large <unk> , over two <unk> dishes , were boiling two stewpans , from which exhaled a double odor of rabbit and fish <unk> , rejoicing to the smell . ; those of the marechal de villeroy , guitant , villequier and comminges came into the line . so flattering a distinction ? ” snatched rather than took the handkerchief from the hand of the gascon . me for that sum ? ’ ‘ no ; but i will play for him. ’ ‘ what ? ’ ‘ at <unk> ’ no sooner said than done , and i lost the horse . ” interposed d ’ artagnan , “ you must present	226.07762145996094
me to madame du vallon . ” then : you deign to give me some proof of what you <unk> ” often depends on the prompt obedience of his horse . d ’ <unk> of the great florentine sculptor , <unk> <unk> , ” replied athos . one of my friends , a sculptor , only we enter by the trap through which he lets down his marble . ” laughing at me ; send tomorrow at twelve , and the bank shall be notified . ” del popolo , the crowd became more dense , and above the heads of the multitude two objects were visible : the obelisk , surmounted by a cross , which marks the centre of the square , and in front of	144.08250427246094
the obelisk , at the point where the three streets , del babuino , del corso , and di ripetta , meet , the two <unk> of the scaffold , between which glittered the curved knife of the _mandaïa_ . albert ? ” ’ s voice , came sharply up . aramis ; “ the devil ! that projected from a <unk> door , he tied the animal safely and having drawn a red cotton handkerchief , from his pocket , wiped away the perspiration that streamed from his brow , then , advancing to the door , struck thrice with the end of his <unk> stick . the equipments ? ” was clamor and <unk> . asked the captain . a smile . mere matter of precaution	149.97584533691406
, ” answered the gascon . pay them ? ” to every sinner ! ” said blaisois . his host of monte cristo and again repeated by the landlord of the hôtel de londres , abundantly proved to him that his island friend was playing his philanthropic part on the shores of piombino , civita vecchia , <unk> , and <unk> , as on those of corsica , tuscany , and spain ; and further , franz bethought him of having heard his singular <unk> speak both of tunis and palermo , proving thereby how largely his circle of acquaintances extended . was at once cunning and resolute . inquired cromwell . the young woman , placing her hand upon his lips ; “ silence , and go	184.06134033203125
the same way you came ! ” signor pastrini . for the queen and madame the president . rather <unk> , i acknowledge , but it is true . to the past , and it is , indeed , bad enough . ? ” an instant to give these poor creatures breathing time , ” said porthos . ? ” she said . future that he should be supposed never to have seen me . ” the habit of writing in the evening what had transpired in the morning ? friends fell asleep ; and d ’ artagnan , who was very weary , bade good-night to grimaud and laid himself down in his cloak , with naked sword at his side , in such a manner that	94.392578125
his body barricaded the passage , and it should be impossible to enter the room without upsetting him . say is this , sir , —that during the last fortnight unforeseen circumstances have <unk> ” fernand who served as guide and spy to the french army in spain ? ’ s symptoms ? ” i had better remain where i was seated . them ; she was engaged in <unk> the beatings of her heart , and restraining the tears which were ready to gush forth . he cared not to inquire . so unquestionably , had not god given me so large a compensation . , <unk> am called athos . ” , where he will wait until i write to him to return to paris .	173.85435485839844
” , dear friend , ” said athos ; “ i foresaw that and have embraced them both from you and myself . ” day in his quarters , assigning as a reason to himself that the weather was bad . hands . charming face , and smiled on her graciously ; but alas ! joy like the storm which <unk> the sleeper in the midst of a happy dream ; she grew pale and ran to the window , while mme . the <unk> <unk> there always is <unk> sure to be the last thought before sleeping , and the first upon waking in the morning . ’ s wife of the rue des fossoyeurs ? flooring suddenly gave way , my father fell on one knee	147.9979705810547
, and at the same moment twenty hands were thrust forth , armed with <unk> , pistols , and <unk> blows were instantaneously directed against one man , and my father disappeared in a whirlwind of fire and smoke kindled by these demons , and which seemed like hell itself opening beneath his feet . i can not , must not be guilty of such a sin . ” and with all my heart ; for i know what it is to be in love . ” yanina , bringing a formidable array of documents ; and when we hesitated to publish the <unk> article , he told us it should be inserted in some other paper . ” anne , following the train of her own thoughts	156.8595428466797
on such occasions , “ one regrets paris ! ” be pleased with me ? ” me say ? ” , addressing aramis , who , leaning proudly on his sword , seemed to agree with his companion , “ chevalier , porthos and i run no risk ; besides , should any ill-luck happen to two of us , will it not be much better that the other two should be spared to assist those who may be apprehended ? aramis , who was not quite so indifferent to the good things of the earth as athos , “ do you remember , when we were at parpaillot , the beautiful oysters that we ate ? ” it may please the count to take me , ”	124.2109603881836
said morrel , with a smile full of grief ; “ i am under his orders for the next month . ” rest heightened the respect , nay almost the veneration , of danglars for cavalcanti . crop , sir ? ” said monte cristo , smiling . felton ; “ but silence , silence ! , and as she did so , looked whiter than the marble against which she leaned . ” replied peppino , solemn as a quaker . are in search of some conspiracy or other . mme . easy and elegant politeness . a man like you should possess such a diamond . whip ; and in five minutes they stopped before the count ’ s door . wish to be at paris	96.04231262207031
when the count was there . is beautiful ; she possesses all earthly seductions . that it should take place as soon as possible . , that persons of our time of <unk> that you belong to the class , you are still a young man , —but as i was saying , persons of our time of life have been very unfortunate this year . accept your invitation , having promised to accompany my mother to a german concert given by the baroness of château-renaud . ” such a case rely on the kindness of signor torlonia . letter , which informed valentine for the first time of the madness of her father and the death of her brother , she became pale , a heavy sigh	140.34239196777344
escaped from her bosom , and tears , not the less painful because they were silent , ran down her cheeks ; her happiness cost her very dear . box , which the lady presented to him , and inhaled the odor of the lozenges with the air of an amateur who thoroughly appreciated their composition . at the elegant manner in which they were set , calculated , one with another , what the diamonds were worth , and without hesitation said , “ fifteen hundred pistoles each , my lord . ” , if you assure me that m. de morcerf does not know these pistols , you may readily believe that your word will be quite sufficient . ” the other side ! bell that	146.3065948486328
had proclaimed the beginning of the <unk> sounded the retreat . to the queen ; the duke wore the uniform of the musketeers of m. de tréville , who , as we have said , were that evening on guard . by land , or do the musketeers consider themselves superior officers ? ” white flag was floating over the heads of the four friends . young man . as <unk> raised the fish by the <unk> , you must pull him into the room , taking care to squeeze him so tight that he can ’ t cry out . ” at length understand ? ” at the sudden <unk> of my ingots ? in the three friends , and athos , advancing a few paces in	114.56864929199219
front of the others , cried in a firm voice , “ who goes there ? ” m. debray , ” she said . and saw his father get into it , and drive away . artagnan , ” said athos , after a minute , “ either take off that ring or turn the mounting inside ; it recalls such cruel recollections that i shall have no head to converse with you . was the moment to interfere . aramis . cry , and fell by the side of his mistress as pale and as icy as herself . in a large cloak . sparks fell around <unk> , at last , the volcano was <unk> all was dark and <unk> floating bark and heaving ocean .	133.84255981445312
three o ’ clock , a single blow struck on the gong summoned ali to the presence of the count . ” asked felton . d ’ artagnan , getting into his saddle . pocket a small paper , on which two lines were written , accompanied by a signature and a seal , and presented them to him who had made too prematurely these signs of repugnance . ” said d ’ artagnan . , heard the successive noises which accompany the life of a house , —the opening and shutting of doors , the ringing of madame de villefort ’ s bell , to summon the <unk> , mingled with the first shouts of the child , who rose full of the enjoyment of his age	95.0652084350586
. , but are they not going to give me any dinner ? ” am going to the queen . ” , signor aladdin ; it is <unk> purest and most <unk> hashish of alexandria , —the hashish of <unk> , the celebrated maker , the only man , the man to whom there should be built a palace , inscribed with these words , _a grateful world to the dealer in <unk> . ” up and offered it to lord de winter . doubt , _parbleu_ , if we write to lord de winter about affairs of vast importance , of the horrors of the cardinal— ” , i , a <unk> ruffian , who can go and stand close to a scaffold , in order to	127.64094543457031
have a better view of the king ’ s <unk> remain . ” order would not be of great use to them while they were in camp at la rochelle ; that is to say , at the other end of france . paris on hearing of the flight to saint germain , was that sort of affright which seizes children when they awake in the night and find themselves alone . the crimes , the power , and the infernal genius of milady had more than once terrified him . anne of austria , tired of these vague attacks , “ but , sire , you do not tell me all that you have in your heart . villefort , striving to struggle against this triple force	143.1796875
and his own emotion , — “ sir , you are deceived ; no one <unk> crimes here . has been for three days at the rue cassette . ” of <unk> to a conservatory . d ’ artagnan , “ what matters it to me , after all , if cromwell , who ’ s an englishman , <unk> against his king , who is a scotchman ? said the abbé , with a bitter smile , “ that makes eighteen months in all . ” said the young girl with hesitation , “ it is your opinion that i should obey this invitation ? ” to see if you have been fortunate enough to escape the bad moral influence to which you have been exposed ,	66.34782409667969
and which is infinitely more to be dreaded than any physical suffering ; he wishes to discover if the fine abilities with which nature had endowed you have been weakened by want of <unk> ; and , in short , whether you consider yourself capable of resuming and retaining in the world the high position to which your rank <unk> you . ” you have let fall and i have picked up ; for in three years , madame , i have only seen you four times—the first , which i have described to you ; the second , at the mansion of madame de chevreuse ; the third , in the gardens of amiens . ” my friend , ” replied the abbé ; “ god may	135.75527954101562
seem sometimes to forget for a time , while his justice <unk> , but there always comes a moment when he <unk> <unk> proof ! ” not my fault , ” said morrel . father was by her side . a notary ? ” asked villefort . you back . ” ; let us go on straight forwards . ” of the camp , near an immense tent , in which the scottish officers were holding a kind of council , presided over by lord leven , their commander , a man attired as a cavalier lay sleeping on the turf , his right hand extended over his sword . send early to aramis and had given his letter to blaisois , the only <unk> whom he had	131.26487731933594
left . smiled , thinking that it was for her porthos had put himself to this trouble ; but she was cruelly and promptly undeceived . husband , the authorities , and permission obtained that the two <unk> should take place at the same time . pope hastened to lay hands on the <unk> , under pretense of seeking for the papers of the dead man . towards the library . ? ” , who charged him with an <unk> message to a bonapartist in paris , whose name i could not extract from him ; but this mission was to prepare men ’ s minds for a return ( it is the man who says this , sire ) —a return which will soon occur . ”	151.22889709472656
us ? ” exclaimed the young man . turn , bowed , and an imperceptible smile appeared on the face of grimaud , who kept behind la ramee . here , or in the neighborhood ? ” was not on terms of strict intimacy with eugénie . ” caderousse , “ no . s silence . everything , as a skillful <unk> does to whom a new part has been assigned in a line to which he is not accustomed . soon as he awoke , danglars asked for the newspapers ; they were brought to him ; he laid aside three or four , and at last fixed on _l ’ <unk> , the paper of which beauchamp was the chief editor . , one and all	111.70045471191406
; but let everything remain as usual , only close the shutters of the ground floor . ” throw out the draft ; their signature is worth five per cent . ” of the <unk> you have indeed suffered long enough . ” count . pistache . ” time , monseigneur . otherwise . cousin ; he told me everything and desired me to watch instead of him , and in his place to conduct , wherever they wished to go , the gentlemen who should bring me a handkerchief tied at each corner , like that one which you hold and one which i have in my pocket . ” found louvieres and his bourgeois . i have gone without my dinner for ten years , and	129.71041870117188
it is generally my best meal . ” ? ” exclaimed emmanuel , while two large tears rolled down julie ’ s cheeks , “ never behold you again ? <unk> , everything is in confusion , and the traveler is a victim to the <unk> of his host . did not care to know your gentleman in the mask ; for really , in spite of his excellent intentions , i could not thank him for what he has done . ” milady , who , having entered this track , and perceiving that falsehood succeeded , was determined to follow it to the end . her to speculate , she having her bank and her stockbroker ; she <unk> and lost . a truce the english	128.90841674804688
army has broken it by quitting the town , contrary to the agreement which kept it there . your lackey ? ” , ” said he , “ it is all the better if you are in difficulties . ” never been willing to partake of food under the roof of m. de morcerf . ” at ? ” m. andrea only calls himself count . ” monte cristo had set apart one hour to be passed in the apartments of haydée , as though his oppressed spirit could not all at once admit the feeling of pure and unmixed joy , but required a <unk> succession of calm and gentle emotions to prepare his mind to receive full and perfect happiness , in the same manner as	140.97386169433594
ordinary natures demand to be <unk> by degrees to the reception of strong or violent sensations . ; and my happiness at your escape from the danger that threatened you is redoubled by the consciousness that i have been the unwilling and the <unk> cause of all the peril you have incurred . me so ! ” me ! ” cried anne , with that disdainful curl of the lips peculiar to her , “ i believe that you are yourself interrogating . ” the road toward paris , aramis , who had followed in the cardinal ’ s suite , turned back . the duchess , “ is now brought up against her as a great crime . ” me who the devil should know in france	128.02276611328125
that the officer fernand and the count of morcerf are one and the same person ? ! ’ clock in the morning the regiment of the queen ’ s guards , commanded by guitant , under whom was his nephew comminges , marched publicly , preceded by drums and trumpets , <unk> off from the palais royal as far as notre dame , a manoeuvre which the parisians witnessed tranquilly , delighted as they were with military music and brilliant uniforms . ” asked the captain . ” said the gascon . me how this fernand is related to you ? ” field of the cloth of gold , a lackey in black and red will wait for your reply . ” my evil genius , whom i	148.37013244628906
have always met with when threatened by some misfortune , he who accompanied that horrible woman when i met her for the first time , he whom i was seeking when i offended our athos , he whom i saw on the very morning madame bonacieux was abducted . ? ” inquired franz , taking the letter from him . m. morrel has promised him the thing . ” ” muttered fernand . the same color as the draught she had poured into the glass , and which valentine had drunk ; it was indeed the poison , which could not deceive m. d ’ avrigny , which he now examined so closely ; it was doubtless a miracle from heaven , that , notwithstanding her precautions ,	124.04985046386719
there should be some trace , some proof remaining to reveal the crime . had approached during this <unk> , stepped back and turned pale as death on hearing porthos ’ s words , for she thought the scene with the swiss was about to be repeated . and daughter , pressed emmanuel ’ s hand with friendly warmth , and then going to his private room on the second floor had sent for cocles . surrounding group . our four travelers found the town in a great bustle , owing to the reported approach of harrison and the king . , to whom marseilles had become filled with remorseful memories , sought and obtained the situation of king ’ s procureur at toulouse , and a fortnight	227.595703125
afterwards he married mademoiselle de saint-méran , whose father now stood higher at court than ever . miraculous <unk> did not utter a single cry , but fell lifeless into my arms ; nor did a tear fall from his eyes after it was over . , ” replied the queen , “ that your enemies are mine . ” appearance of pale and hideous terror . doesn ’ t he attend to it himself , as at chantilly ? ” men of the sword red cushion came close to porthos , porthos drew his dripping hand from the font . only 4,998 louis more , ” said peppino with the same indifference . ; be satisfied . ! ” said porthos , almost burying his large feet	173.5919189453125
in the sands . to follow my advice ? ” love him ? ” scarron , “ he may die now . ” with the first money i touch , i mean you to have a small house , with a garden in which to plant clematis , nasturtiums , and <unk> . enormous eyes , but had the good sense not to say anything . , such as i am , gone through this morning , then ? ” asked raoul . convent of béthune will place in the hands of the person who shall present this note to her the novice who entered the convent upon my recommendation and under my patronage . enough importance to me to spare your life for it ? ” asked	110.22163391113281
the young man , <unk> his arm . through the damp gray mist was honest planchet , who , with the two horses in hand , awaited him at the door of a little blind cabaret , before which d ’ artagnan had passed without even a suspicion of its existence . . aramis , seated in a melancholy manner at his window , looking out , like sister anne , at the dust in the horizon . everything is in the kitchen . her for all she has made you suffer ? ” struck dumb with astonishment . , ” said porthos . s hand in his . him with so melancholy and sweet a smile , that maximilian felt the tears filling his eyes . see	103.31835174560547
, tréville , ” interrupted the king , “ it was they who attacked ? ” shadow appeared in the darkness the outline of which was familiar to d ’ artagnan , and a well-known voice said , “ monsieur , i have brought your cloak ; it is chilly this evening . ” are three superb animals ! ” i can only repeat the words addressed to you by the abbé busoni . those two hands had been engaged with others in drawing out from the social edifice the <unk> of royalty . know , been killed ? , at least , by his adherents . ” she , with tones of <unk> tenderness , “ you are everywhere ! ” monte cristo took the delicate hand	107.1710433959961
of the young girl in his , and was about to raise it to his lips , when the simple child of nature hastily withdrew it , and presented her cheek . the girls went away , and maximilian understood that mademoiselle danglars ’ visit had at last come to an end . , whilst looks of admiration passed between them . he cried ; “ the _pharaon_ ! ” ” said he , “ i have swum above an hour , but as the wind is against me , that has <unk> my speed ; however , if i am not mistaken , i must be close to tiboulen . ” replied the king ’ s attorney , as in an almost joyful manner he conducted her	98.34525299072266
to the door . man , from five to <unk> , in the uniform of a general officer , wearing the double epaulet of heavy <unk> , that indicates superior rank , the ribbon of the legion of honor around his neck , which showed he was a commander , and on the right breast , the star of a grand officer of the order of the saviour , and on the left that of the grand cross of charles iii. , which proved that the person represented by the picture had served in the wars of greece and spain , or , what was just the same thing as regarded decorations , had fulfilled some diplomatic mission in the two countries . words in a low voice	165.4875946044922
, then the tall man made a sign to the musketeer that he might come in . we will go into paris . everything . ” nothing save the king ’ s gratitude ( which was rather likely to injure him at the present time ) and the cross of the legion of honor , which he had the prudence not to wear , although m. de blacas had duly <unk> the brevet . d ’ artagnan , “ they have friends who ask it for them . ” here alone ? ” they have been stolen , perhaps the person who stole them still has them in his hands . ” on in the city yonder ? ” said athos . procurator ’ s wife or duchess	90.12420654296875
, if she will but loosen her <unk> , it will be all the same ; but she positively answered that she was tired of the <unk> and infidelities of monsieur porthos , and that she would not send him a denier . ” de winter . ” . chair , girded on his sword , enveloped himself in his cloak , and left the hôtel . myself , and for you , gentlemen , which will be said , gentlemen , for which i have not the least doubt you will be marvelously benefited . ” , and fell asleep . to play the part of a dead man , and then the party , lighted by the man with the torch , who went first ,	66.01495361328125
ascended the stairs . . ” sword , or discharge the contents of a pistol at man with whom , for three years , i have been on terms of intimacy , i must , at least , know why i do so ; i must meet him with a heart at ease , and that quiet conscience which a man needs when his own arm must save his life . ” company , wholly <unk> , though . ? ” appears to me to be impracticable , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ inasmuch as i am myself ignorant of what instructions i can give you . he to morcerf , “ but i think your father will not be the only angry one ; m.	102.22431945800781
and madame danglars will think me a very <unk> person . the host , in a doubtful tone . , lighted . ” and on the stairs met madame morrel , who had been afraid to go up into the study . anne of austria had entered the king ’ s room . three windows were worth ? ” , and read again , the history of mithridates , ” said madame de villefort in a tone of reflection , “ and had always considered it a fable . ” his elbow and gazed with a frightened air at the monk , who became livid . , i still plead . a strong wrist , but his agility was superior to all force . athos . much injured	91.67839050292969
by too much reticence as by too much confidence ; <unk> us admit it—the involuntary sentiment which she felt for her young protector decided her to speak . strange man , ” she said , “ and in my opinion is himself the adelmonte he talks about . ” we must warn . put myself under its protection . ” , and i wonder at you , sir , ” said the queen . his reason , ” said morrel . monseigneur , to learn your intentions relating to the existing state of affairs in england . as far as the palais royal . within the apartment , kill him without hesitation . , ” muttered danglars , holding out his pocket-book , “ and let me live	137.3772735595703
here ; i ask no more for <unk> only ask to live ! ” shake of the hand with lord de winter , and then returned to milady . for a moment ; then , as if appearing to have formed a resolution , she said , “ i have an enemy . ” , tréville , by the back staircase . with a wound in his thigh , bicarat wished to hold out ; but jussac , who had risen upon his elbow , cried out to him to yield . to your <unk> quickly . that i hate you instinctively ; that it seems as if i had always known you , and always hated you ; and , in short , since the young people	95.33344268798828
of the present day will not fight , it remains for us to do so . monte cristo , “ it was m. de villefort ? ” what we hate most in the world , the spaniards and the english ? ” foot , for my horse was dead . the count continued to descend the corso . you to suppose ? ” , and have come out fifteen feet from where i intended . arrival in paris , he had been mixed up with public affairs ; but his own private affairs had made no great progress , either in love or fortune . monsieur , it is not with you that i have anything to do ; it is with madame . ” ” ejaculated athos	92.74633026123047
. the means , as you frenchmen say , does it not ? ” notaries looked at each other in mute astonishment and inquiry as to what were the real intentions of the testator . one whom you could prefer , i would not be so <unk> ” fernand ; “ i shall return to the catalans . ” fencing master in paris , i made an agreement with him to take a lesson every day , and every day for a year i took that lesson . come expressly on that account ; it has cost me much trouble to find you , but i had resolved on giving them into your hands , and if i had to recommence my search , it would occupy all	135.8619384765625
the few remaining years of my life . ” next to you , bertuccio must be the richest gentleman in europe . ” will be some one at hand to pick it up . ” as he passed by her , but the worthy creature hastened down the staircase with unusual precipitation , and only raised his hands to heaven and exclaimed : ? ” i have to ask of you is , not to call me ‘ mousqueton ’ but ‘ <unk> ’ since i have had the honor of being my lord ’ s steward i have taken the last name as more dignified and calculated to make my inferiors respect me . , ” said the sailor who had cried “ courage ! ” to	144.03358459472656
dantès , “ if what he says is true , what hinders his staying with us ? ” great man , this hero , this <unk> , is attacked with a malady of the skin which worries him to death , <unk> ? ” . ” guard . ” ” said madame de villefort , “ that valentine is in league with him ? murmured d ’ artagnan , to whom m. de tréville ’ s recommendation recurred , “ this animal will end by making me <unk> ” and he put his horse into a trot . , in his turn he advanced toward them with surprising rapidity . contradict his statement , at that instant a violent clap of thunder seemed to shake the house to	104.77247619628906
its very foundation , while a sudden gust of wind , mingled with rain , extinguished the lamp he held in his hand . finger on his forehead and a smile passed over his lips ; then drawing near to ali , he whispered : will find on the table , at which we shall be then sitting , good pistols and a delicious draught ; but , on the other hand , you must promise me not to attempt your life before that time . ” guitant . ” asked athos . his friends at the café de paris , so that the innkeeper , picking it up after andrea had left , was convinced that he had let his horse to the count of <unk> ,	108.77779388427734
25 rue <unk> , that being the name and address on the card . me free ; i shall go to the louvre and strangle mazarin . think , what he had not for a long time dared to believe , that there were two mercédès in the world , and he might yet be happy . that you know so much of these matters ? ” the apartment with that alacrity which all the servants of the cardinal displayed in obeying him . the abbess was a royalist or a cardinalist ; she therefore confined herself to a prudent middle course . his chair , which did not escape the attention of the young man and suppressed the confidence he was about to make . d ’	126.67952728271484
artagnan gave a glance at parry , who was standing in front of the king , to show him that the news was meant for him . do not take their revenge on you for the sicilian <unk> . ” time raised his head , looked at benedetto as if he had been gazing at the head of medusa , and became livid . ? ” exclaimed the commissary . thesis ? ” good , my present happiness ; and all the sovereigns of the earth , even cæsar borgia himself , could not deprive me of this . ” came as usual ; but milady allowed him to preside over all the preparations for breakfast without addressing a word to him . mother ; château-renaud recounted it	113.69046020507812
at the jockey club , and debray detailed it at length in the salons of the minister ; even beauchamp accorded twenty lines in his journal to the relation of the count ’ s courage and gallantry , thereby <unk> him as the greatest hero of the day in the eyes of all the feminine members of the aristocracy . silent upon the dreadful catastrophe . your swords , ” said the duke . , he begged so earnestly to be permitted to visit those on the fifth floor , that , in despite of the <unk> assurance of the _concierge_ that they were occupied , dantès succeeded in inducing the man to go up to the tenants , and ask permission for a gentleman to be allowed	181.5057373046875
to look at them . assassin ; ” they asked together . and then , drawing dantès on one side , he said <unk> stood opposite the muzzle of a pistol at five-and-twenty paces than have heard this name spoken ; but he did not <unk> . had called upon danglars , the mysterious <unk> entered at ten o ’ clock in the morning instead of four in the afternoon . , ” added château-renaud , “ your count of monte cristo is a very fine fellow , always excepting his little arrangements with the italian banditti . ” , and it may astonish you , that in order to accomplish a plan which is dearer to me than life i have only lord de winter , the	112.66401672363281
friend of twenty years , and you , gentlemen , whom i see for the first time and whom i know but as my countrymen . ” say about it ? ” d ’ artagnan , ” cried aramis , “ you are killing me ! ” <unk> us part , ” said mercédès , folding around her shoulders the only shawl she had taken away , and which accidentally happened to be a valuable black cashmere . leaving the dinner served . tréville , generally held so sacred , became in an instant the <unk> of the antechamber . , ’ continued cucumetto , laughing , ‘ sooner or later your turn will come. ’ carlini ’ s teeth clenched convulsively . , musketeers , one of	117.82379913330078
whom , by the by , had a dispute with a <unk> man who sought a quarrel with him , for i don ’ t know what . ” well ? ” night ? , ” said friquet ; “ the house belongs to him ; he occupies the second floor when he works and descends to the first to take his meals ; he must be at dinner now ; it is noon . ” gold in his pockets . ? ” said valentine , looking anxiously around . fernand ; you would be revenged on him because i do not love you ; you would cross your catalan knife with his <unk> . an ambassador . ” mme . fear of pursuit ; nobody ever came	112.69383239746094
into milady ’ s apartment before nine o ’ clock , and it would require three hours to go from the castle to london . just said . ” willing to abandon his companion thus , and stooped to raise him and assist him in regaining the lines ; but at this moment two shots were fired . ” said the duke . surface , struggled with the last desperate effort of a drowning man , uttered a third cry , and felt himself sinking , as if the fatal cannon shot were again tied to his feet . ” said morrel . or twenty millions , ” said andrea with a look sparkling with joy . ” leclere ’ s death ; and , as the latter	106.02867889404297
had told me , gave me a letter to carry on to a person in paris . but madame has not conciliated that little woman he was so fond of . ” the last irresolution in the heart of d ’ artagnan . the other side of the equator , at least two thousand leagues from here , ” replied the count . caught the involuntary start with which his friend beheld the new arrival , and , turning to him , he said hastily : , it appears , to have our <unk> pierced in all sorts of ways . ” . would only be a swiss the less in the world ; but you will not do so , i hope . you to stake planchet	105.82184600830078
, but as that has already been done , the englishman would not , perhaps , be willing . ” former musketeers was not so formal and threatening as the first . more <unk> upon the fingers or upon <unk> , hey ? ” and fifty-one members who composed the parliament , there were one hundred and ninety-one who were in the way and might have upset his political <unk> . is all . excited mood , but , like a <unk> of frightened bees , seemed not to know at what point to <unk> ; and it was very evident that if leaders of the people were not provided all this agitation would pass off in idle buzzing . say ? ” asked porthos , in a	146.34461975097656
self-sufficient tone . the king , “ but i do not wish to be touched by any of those men . ” ” and raising his hat , he advanced toward milady . , and let us overtake the carriage . ” mazarin ? ” , the king ’ s musketeers , or rather m. de tréville ’ s , spread themselves about in the cabarets , in the public walks , and the public sports , shouting , twisting their mustaches , <unk> their swords , and taking great pleasure in annoying the guards of the cardinal whenever they could fall in with them ; then drawing in the open streets , as if it were the best of all possible sports ; sometimes killed , but	97.11207580566406
sure in that case to be both wept and avenged ; often killing others , but then certain of not <unk> in prison , m. de tréville being there to claim them . a fresh reign of terror ? ” asked another . ; this man was myself ; for a fortnight i had been at that hotel , during which period i had cured my valet de chambre of a fever , and my landlord of the <unk> , so that i really acquired a reputation as a skilful physician . this evening at my house let me know the arms and the hour ; i do not like to be kept waiting . ” de tréville , the whole assemblage rushed into the cabinet , he	159.8420867919922
not thinking to shut the door against anyone , and all crowded round the wounded man . because the damp had been <unk> from the garden ; the earth , black as soot , the thick foliage of the trees betrayed its presence ; besides , had natural <unk> been wanting , it could have been immediately supplied by artificial means , thanks to a <unk> of water , sunk in one of the corners of the garden , and upon which were stationed a <unk> and a <unk> , who , from antipathy , no doubt , always remained on the two opposite sides of the basin . king ! behind her , for on the crest of a small adjacent hill which cut off the view	180.77630615234375
toward palestrina , he saw a traveller on horseback , stopping a moment , as if uncertain of his road , and thus presenting against the blue sky that perfect outline which is peculiar to distant objects in southern climes . the <unk> ? ” , my friend ? ” tempting me ? ” fellow , my friend ; can we count upon you ? ” , even attempt the least resistance , and went out of the cottage . for i have foreseen all their <unk> ; no , your enemy is conquered since we know her , and you will live , <unk> to be happy yourself , and to confer happiness upon a noble heart ; but to insure this you must rely on me	151.7535400390625
. ” that <unk> him to his bed ? ” aramis , “ bazin is a well trained servant , and seeing that i was not alone he discreetly retired . louise , breathing freely , “ here we are out of paris . ” replied guitant , “ such ministers do not weigh men in the same balance ; they get their information on war from warriors ; on intrigues , from intriguers . was burning there , and it appeared like a star set in a heaven of blackness ; it was selim ’ s flaming lance . , and my mother will thank you . ” times , ” said athos ; “ now we are <unk> in comparison . , the first thing i	136.04910278320312
beheld in the middle of assunta ’ s chamber was a cradle that might be called sumptuous compared with the rest of the furniture , and in it a baby seven or eight months old . porthos , ” said athos ; “ you are insupportable . ” me for , sir ? ” demanded he of the paralytic . at the back of the carriage waited on him ; baptistin , who rode in front , attended the count . ” opened , and the head of signor pastrini appeared . ” creature in the world , with flaxen hair , blue eyes , —at once <unk> and languishing . ” aramis , “ if they dare to condemn their king , it can only be to	93.55883026123047
exile or imprisonment . ” : ” said he , “ they are beating the tattoo . for him ? shoulder . of our horses and give me my sword . ” named , madame , ” he said , “ i have within the last few months contracted the bad habit of thinking of my own , and then i can not help drawing up an egotistical parallel in my mind . wounds might be examined he was undressed , and his clothes were thrown into a corner , where the police picked them up , with the exception of the waistcoat , which they overlooked . ” passes over me as i reflect that possibly i am now standing on the very grave in which lies	114.13472747802734
m. de villefort , by whose hand the ground was dug to receive the corpse of his child . ” fox a genius , athos ? ” asked the gascon . in the evening , the boatman had taken over a young woman , wrapped in a black mantle , who appeared to be very anxious not to be recognized ; but entirely on account of her precautions , the boatman had paid more attention to her and discovered that she was young and pretty . , valentine ? ” moment of quitting milady felt only the liveliest regret at the parting ; and as they addressed each other in a <unk> passionate adieu , another interview was arranged for the following week . endowed with <unk> wished	133.04437255859375
to fly away . skin me , ” thought danglars ; but resolving to resist the extortion , he said , “ come , how much do i owe you for this fowl ? ” , too small for a grown man , an experienced eye might have taken him for a farmer ’ s son upon a journey had it not been for the long sword which , <unk> from a leather baldric , hit against the <unk> of its owner as he walked , and against the rough side of his steed when he was on horseback . man , who is dragging his way to the tomb , are two children just entering into <unk> , the daughter by my first <unk> renée de <unk>	177.3277130126953
edward , the boy whose life you have this day saved . ” the coadjutor of the room in which the mendicant was suffering . with furniture , had aroused in him certain suspicions , but without communicating his suspicions to any one he had patiently worked his way into the midst of all that confusion . this , albert displayed his most dazzling and effective costumes each time he visited the theatres ; but , alas , his elegant toilet was wholly thrown away , and one of the most worthy representatives of parisian fashion had to carry with him the <unk> reflection that he had nearly <unk> italy without meeting with a single adventure . given up to them , madame . ” was not at	216.1397247314453
home , ” repeated the valet . in your eyes , accustomed as they have been to gaze on such enchanted scenes ? ” said m. de tréville . the president ; “ your name ? ” was proof of a reflective and contemplative organization , and he had brought him away without any other recommendation . ? ” ’ s face had not remained unperceived by the banker ; he fixed on him a look of greater assurance than before , and said : ” cried barrois , who felt another fit coming . as amiable as she is beautiful , ” said albert , “ i shall fix myself at rome for six weeks , at least . cut a branch of a <unk> tree ,	92.51355743408203
lighted it at the fire at which the smugglers had prepared their breakfast , and descended with this torch . of an hour ’ s journey from here to the city , consequently a quarter of an hour ’ s journey from the city to hither . objected , while he was about it , to have made some <unk> in the garden , but the count had positively forbidden it to be touched . be killed , ” said de guiche . ” said aramis , “ yes , you are right . from here ? ” demanded the swiss , stamping violently , like a man who begins to be seriously angry . saw valentine ; for two years i have loved her , for two	78.32527923583984
years i have seen written in her heart , as in a book , all the virtues of a daughter and wife . going thither ? ” i recognize you ; you are captain mordaunt . ” you must advise me what to do . ” morcerf . ” on , ” replied d ’ artagnan , laughing heartily ; “ relate your story and i will applaud it if it is a good one . ” the count reached no . ” favorite <unk> place . , he made him a sign to <unk> his musketoon . nothing , ” said monte cristo . by monsieur ’ s happiness , and go to bed ? ” cried he , clasping his hands . . and brilliant evening	55.37644958496094
of my life ! , 21st may , half-past ten in the morning . ” fault , my good ali , ” said the count in the arabic language , and with a gentleness none would have thought him capable of showing , either in voice or <unk> “ it is not your fault . ; and what am i to do with this young gentleman ? ” eagerly the particulars were asked for , given , and received ; and morrel could read an indescribable joy in the eyes of his beloved , when she knew that the termination of this affair was as happy as it was unexpected . appeared with the cardinal at one of the doors of the hall . he wrote to his	112.90258026123047
wife , sending her the order for the thousand pistoles , and charging her to send him , in exchange , his most skillful apprentice , an <unk> of diamonds , of which he gave the names and the weight , and the necessary tools . money ; how am i to justify it if i am here ? ” the countess , “ who is out in the streets of rome at this hour , unless it be to go to a ball ? ” received this , have the kindness to take the letter of credit from my pocket-book , which you will find in the square drawer of the _secrétaire_ ; add your own to it , if it be not sufficient . overcome ,	132.57220458984375
the troop pursued their course with their accustomed ardor ; but some of the horses could no longer sustain this pace ; three of them stopped after an hour ’ s gallop , and one fell down . active and laborious life of a smuggler , with the severe discipline on board , would have a salutary effect on his character , which was now well-nigh , if not quite , corrupt . martyred majesty , ” <unk> athos , chilled with terror . only sustained by hope , lost all hope at napoleon ’ s downfall . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but that is of no consequence , i can take one of monsieur de tréville ’ s . ” ; and since	157.46852111816406
you ask for my prisoners , i bend , sir , to your wishes . solemn in the approach of the young girl which struck the old man , and immediately his bright eye began to interrogate . to him , then ? ” him well , my <unk> is count de rochefort . ” her—her , that invincible power of evil . for it was from this parliament , the enemy of monarchs , that the daughter of the great , the sublime henry iv. , whom you so much admire , received the only relief this winter which prevented her from dying of hunger and cold ! ” your eminence is in a position to accomplish the threat thus made ? ” priests . to you	156.90869140625
the day before yesterday , sir , which you appear to recollect so well , ” replied eugénie , “ i saw you arranging a <unk> not that the term ? —of five millions and a half ; you even pointed it out to me in two drafts on the treasury , and you were astonished that so valuable a paper did not dazzle my eyes like lightning . ” ” said porthos ; “ where will you begin ? ” think he is paying his addresses ? ” water from the jug , but i only drank that which i had saved in my glass . doubting , ” answered danglars with his stupid smile . a fish day , and they had nothing but meat .	142.6939239501953
” gondy , “ have you kept your word with me ? ” cæsar , an indigestion declares itself immediately , while a <unk> or a bite occasions a delay of a day or <unk> ’ cæsar gave way before such <unk> reasoning , and the cardinals were consequently invited to dinner . the end ! the route i am to follow , ” said d ’ artagnan . said d ’ artagnan ; and nodding to planchet , he went out . him that athos was not in all respects sincere and frank . ” continued tréville , addressing the cardinal , “ monsieur de cahusac is quite recovered , is he not ? ” first grotto ; he had now to seek the second . them	117.4616470336914
, i pretended to return to the house , but i immediately went out a back door , and stealing along in the shade of the hedge , i gained yonder clump of elder , from which i could hear and see everything . funds coming in on which he could rely ; and , as they reached him , he found himself in a condition to meet his engagements when the end of july came . execute your wishes . ” the honor of telling you i was , ” said morrel . no allusion of that kind , ” replied morrel . the night , since these gentlemen desire to know it . ” the group , the meaning of which he could not comprehend .	107.93292236328125
then , ” resumed aramis . very wretched ; what she most desires is a letter from her intended . a man equal to buckingham in every respect . half a mile when planchet came close up to d ’ artagnan . to reproach myself with , ” said he , stopping albert on the steps . mercédès . ’ est leve ce matin . ” to this queen , deprived of every mark of pomp and stripped of followers , as he felt some <unk> for his own want of heart and his avarice . ” , <unk> wonderful , an absurdity , a miracle , —of what nature he alone can tell who has mingled with our reason that folly we call hope . , the	220.5878448486328
father did not say , “ thank you , my child , ” nor did the daughter smile at her father . government a million of francs for his release ; the second , two ; the third , three ; and so on <unk> . dreamed , without sleeping . , m. bossuet ? her hands . to be prime minister and her majesty ’ s favorite , if he will grant to me and my friends what we demand for france and for ourselves . ” were on board , but the embarkation of the horses was a longer matter than that of the men , and it was eight o ’ clock before they raised anchor . in the gallery ? ” said morcerf .	120.3228759765625
danglars , “ he is in too much hurry , it appears to me . ” ’ s company of musketeers alone can not maintain a war against the cardinal , who disposes of the forces of all france , and before whom the queen is without power and the king without will . of milady ’ s bastards ! ” it is as good as another . ” clamps of my bedstead ; and this very tool has sufficed me to hollow out the road by which i came hither , a distance of about fifty feet . ” edmond , with a smile which had in it traces of slight uneasiness . person , m. de morcerf ? ” inquired eugénie ; “ does anybody know	117.39400482177734
? ” the man who deserves being regretted during the whole life of another man ; but leave us , i pray you . ” of hers named kitty could disguise themselves admirably in men ’ s clothes . in the chaussée d ’ antin ; but i know neither the street nor the number . ” s a noise like a <unk> ’ s the air blowing up the deck . ’ t be their dupe , i will answer for it . muslin dress on and as nothing concealed her figure , i saw she would ere long become a mother . window , he guarded the door . ” that your lordship means ? ” in the name of wonder ? ” , then ?	156.49310302734375
” the diamond is real , and that this gentleman , one of the first jewellers of paris , will give us 50,000 francs for it . , but as he passed out he glanced at the curtain through which the queen had entered and at the bottom of the tapestry he remarked the tip of a velvet slipper . now , mercédès ? —then what would you say if you knew the extent of the sacrifice i make to you ? all probability decide the rest of his life . me . will be a chance for displaying our new equipments , ” said porthos . . eminence , ” said the queen , becoming impatient , “ what is your answer ? ” ” replied the	82.17974090576172
jailer , “ never ; on the contrary , he sometimes amused me very much by telling me stories . king followed his guards out of the hall . father has really a very large fortune , count ? ” cromwell . ” cried the stupefied musketeer . repeated the abbé a third time , with a still more imperative tone . , as though to ascertain whether he spoke seriously . shall do yet , but four determined men can do much . , ” said athos , after a moment ’ s silence , “ that ’ s true ! more francs , ” he said , “ with the fifteen thousand already in your pocket , they will make twenty-five thousand . to him instantly	114.29549407958984
. fine , dear aramis , ” murmured d ’ artagnan . to the customs officers of the coast ; and as there was between these worthies and himself a perpetual battle of wits , he had at first thought that dantès might be an emissary of these industrious guardians of rights and duties , who perhaps employed this ingenious means of learning some of the secrets of his trade . , and hardly was he outside the door , which in his haste he forgot to shut , than they saw him throw back his head and empty to the very dregs the glass which valentine had filled . delays or difficulties , valentine , as long as you confessed that you loved me , and took	186.10272216796875
pity on me ? signor pastrini , no joking ; we must have a carriage . ” these crimes exist ? ” , and that same night the passengers at the end of the faubourg saw with surprise that <unk> and <unk> were occupied in repairing the lower part of the tottering house . ” unhesitatingly repeated debray . ” said porthos , with an air of <unk> , “ i am rather incredulous . ” my dear friend ? ” <unk> he still alive ? ” . ” and meet him . ” the two men and the spare horse which they held . ” returned the notary . and the marechal entered , followed by the coadjutor . ” shouted athos , with all the power	87.119140625
of his lungs . ” she asked . at a quarter to nine at the gate . i stopped the postilion , i spoke to m. de saint-méran , i applied my smelling-salts ; but all was over , and i arrived at aix by the side of a corpse . ” saw a horseman , as it were , detach himself from the wall and follow him at a little distance . that olivain had not been taught in the school of the <unk> and the <unk> . its ordinary state of calmness , only an unusual fire beamed from his eyes , like the effects of a fever ; his brow was more pale than it generally was ; his teeth were clenched , and his	105.38300323486328
speech had a short dry accent which indicated that something dark was at work within him . the count of monte cristo , hearing of the dilemma in which you are placed , has sent to offer you seats in his carriage and two places at his windows in the palazzo <unk> ” the friends looked at each other with unutterable surprise . last step of the threshold when he saw athos bent down toward the ground , as if he were looking for a <unk> in the dust . best . ” asked anne of austria . be a cavalier ? ” said porthos . man , rely upon one who has been thirty years at court . side into the corridor where the count and franz	95.60671997070312
were , and on the other into a large square chamber , entirely surrounded by niches similar to those of which we have spoken . finish the work ! ” cried porthos . auteuil , sir , ” said the procureur , making an evident effort to appear calm . of the month was passed , but his resources were now exhausted . , leaving in his an object which he perceived to be a ring . you really love me ? ” when mademoiselle eugénie perceives i am but a pitiful atom , with scarcely as many hundred thousand francs as she has <unk> ” monte cristo smiled . . —and that being led to the scaffold he had been saved by an indignant people . ”	143.44017028808594
the pleasure of meeting this gentleman at auteuil , at the house of the count of monte cristo , ” replied madame de villefort , turning away with marked coldness of manner . one of those diabolical smiles which used formerly to make d ’ artagnan shudder , but d ’ artagnan could now see it without alarm , and smiling in his turn , with an expression of melancholy which the recollections called up by that smile could , perhaps , alone give to his countenance , he said : require them , bertuccio will sell them , and he expects to realize thirty or forty thousand francs by the sale . ” my women nor my servants . ” to the word , d ’ artagnan	108.76519012451172
thrust the remnant of his sword into its scabbard , picked up his hat and ran down the stairs , followed by the others . most devoted servant , to acknowledge you as my judges , and i only acknowledge you as my <unk> ” and in the middle of a deathlike silence , charles , calm , lofty , and with his head still covered , sat down again in his arm-chair . , marshal ? ” added gondy , turning to la meilleraie . hideous admiration approached the wicket , against which one of the keepers was leaning . is a virtue sufficiently useless to musketeers , i know , but indispensable to churchmen ; and as i am only a musketeer provisionally , i hold	176.3052520751953
it good to be prudent . athos fell in with two gentlemen whom he did not know , on horseback like himself , followed by a lackey like himself , and going in the same direction that he was . he has put me . ” ’ s house only danglars , closeted in his study , and making his statement to the officer of gendarmes ; madame danglars , terrified , in the boudoir with which we are acquainted ; and eugénie , who with haughty air and disdainful lip had retired to her room with her inseparable companion , mademoiselle louise d ’ armilly . you see here ? ” said the young man ; “ was it possible there could be two answers to such	115.23538208007812
a question ? ” you will give me one of them . on ! ” said d ’ artagnan , who quickly understood whence such an exact description had come . caderousse , “ did he know so little of his lovely betrothed ? this order so far as to detain in england the ambassadors of <unk> , who had taken their leave , and the regular ambassador of holland , who was to take back to the port of flushing the indian <unk> of which charles i. had made restitution to the united provinces . feet high ; this man is scarcely five . ” ” say , and don ’ t be afraid , ” continued athos . ? ” to my request , i promise	94.92338562011719
you never to mention another word about escaping . ” . ” that it made them forsake their cards and their dice on the <unk> . him . his hand . said , when he was in his room , “ you do not expect , i presume , to keep me here a long time incognito ? ” , bursting with his usual coarse laugh , “ i know you frenchmen want nothing but cuts and bruises . ” . ” word , <unk> , ” said the abbé , “ that my intentions are good ; and that your husband can incur no risk , provided he answers me candidly . ” , by heaven . ” such a degree that i scarcely believe my eyes	93.3985824584961
. under the pretext that she had not slept well in the night and wanted rest , sent away the woman who attended her . whose whole fortune is staked on one cast of the die , experience the anguish which edmond felt in his paroxysms of hope . . came in . athos “ we only carried off his mother ; the king has spoiled him of his name and property . ” to the lodge of the _concierge_ , gave <unk> and egress to the servants and masters when they were on foot . with a <unk> air than his . ” ground ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . that the horses might be counted by the rattle of their hoofs . ” said athos	136.25302124023438
, in so stifled a voice that d ’ artagnan scarcely heard him . a little about my father . ” all the speed they could to evade the enemy , when they could but lament the absence of dantès , whose superior skill in the <unk> of a vessel would have availed them so <unk> . exclaimed , retreating to the farther corner of his cell . the other with his back to me . ” ” he said , “ many dreadful things , but nothing that ever agitated me so much as what i have just witnessed . ” said the gendarme , “ a governor , a garrison , turnkeys , and good thick walls . was heard , and this time the balls	102.35972595214844
came rattling among the stones around the four friends , and whistling sharply in their ears . , and he received their excuses with the air of a man who appreciated their delicacy . cross the garden and gain the village on foot . paris ; at seven o ’ clock he and raoul directed their steps to the rue des tournelles ; it was stopped by porters , horses and footmen . at home resources which he did not expect . ’ s all settled ; only it will be an infamous shame ; ” and he stretched out his hand to reach the letter . ’ and begging on the high road , a minister from <unk> took me in , instructed me in the <unk>	163.3438720703125
faith , taught me all he knew himself and aided me in my researches after my family . ” ” continued the abbé , “ who had been his companion in misfortune , but had been released from prison during the second restoration , was possessed of a diamond of immense value ; this jewel he bestowed on dantès upon himself quitting the prison , as a mark of his gratitude for the kindness and brotherly care with which dantès had nursed him in a severe illness he underwent during his confinement . , you say , on the first story , number one ? ” danglars— ’ tis well ! ” replied m. morrel . here , then ? ” do but to put the address to	195.43942260742188
this letter . ” the real stake in this game , which two most powerful kingdoms played for the good pleasure of two amorous men , was simply a kind look from anne of austria . ? ” said beauchamp ; “ that is quite another thing . heaven , explain yourself ! ” . man whom , in his hours of delirium , he had seen groaning on his bed . declaration that valentine was not the destined <unk> of his fortune had excited the hopes of madame de villefort ; she gradually approached the invalid , and said : which you know will be agreeable to her . ” powerful weapon for the king , in the first place , and the friends of the <unk>	98.75606536865234
then for himself and his own friends . . ” not look so astonished , or you will make me think you are laughing at me in return for my good nature . ” those men , ” said the queen , as she watched him retiring from her presence ; “ and it is now too late , for in a year the king will be of age . ” de winter . ” well that it was a double victory for the court , a victory at home and abroad ; so that even when the young king learned the news he exclaimed , “ ah , gentlemen of the parliament , we shall see what you will say now ! ” upon which the queen	92.65465545654297
had pressed the royal child to her heart , whose haughty and unruly sentiments were in such harmony with her own . . ! ” , then taking leave of old dantès , he went downstairs to rejoin danglars , who awaited him at the corner of the rue <unk> . another , ” said d ’ artagnan . effect that very day , and the lackey waited at table . the minister . ” to go and peep under their cloaks to see what is not there ? corridor by forming a side opening about the middle , as it were the top part of a cross . of salvation , to keep her safely for the chastisement she has merited . ; and during its progress	152.53640747070312
the count of morcerf , according to his promise , made his appearance in the box of madame danglars . , for if it is good , i will follow it ; you know my devotion to you . ” the cavalier was so animated that d ’ artagnan stopped on the other side of the carriage without anyone but the pretty _soubrette_ perceiving his presence . for a second invitation ; four strokes of the oar brought them to land ; gaetano sprang to shore , exchanged a few words with the sentinel , then his comrades disembarked , and lastly came franz . that he had changed his baldric and relinquished his cloak . the count , sir , ” said he ; “ he is	98.60539245605469
, doubtless , a delightful man but <unk> peculiar in his ideas . , who lifted him up like a feather , arrived at the top . notoriety <unk> you . ” inferior condition ! a piece of <unk> , of the cardinal ; and as his talents did not enable him to produce a very good <unk> , he wrote under the picture that there might be little doubt regarding the original : “ portrait of the illustrious coxcomb , <unk> ” monsieur de chavigny , the governor of vincennes , waited upon the duke to request that he would amuse himself in some other way , or that at all events , if he drew likenesses , he would not put <unk> underneath them . the	140.14491271972656
godfather is a second father , we beg the reader to lay to our account , and not to that of the comte de la fère , the pleasure or the _ennui_ he may experience . at but four paces . things you can do with project gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg™ electronic works . gone to change his face which was too like that of monsieur de mazarin ? , but it was only to place himself in a situation where he could watch every movement of morrel , who at length arose , brushed the dust from his knees , and turned towards paris , without once looking back . ”	143.5238494873047
said albert . they were carried off instantly , and had not even time to tell me why ; but as soon as they were gone i found this broken <unk> , as i was helping to raise two dead men and five or six wounded ones . ” , will become the instrument of divine <unk> in some way or other , and then be duly punished in his turn . star is in the <unk> , and he will marry the splendid <unk> will be captain , too , and laugh at us all , unless ” —a sinister smile passed over danglars ’ <unk> “ unless i take a hand in the affair , ” he added . all , and in this way they	145.9036407470703
will chase him to paris , without drawing a trigger . ” the left-hand shore of the lys , bearing the guilty woman and the executioner ; all the others remained on the right-hand bank , where they fell on their knees . <unk> rueil . ” ” ’ artagnan the elder chapter ii . allude ? ” asked monte cristo . chambers forming the apartments remained as it had been in the time of the elder dantès ; the very paper was different , while the articles of antiquated furniture with which the rooms had been filled in edmond ’ s time had all disappeared ; the four walls alone remained as he had left them . to mazarin the handsomest room in the chateau . behind	145.64047241210938
him . ” mademoiselle danglars and her friend pursuing their way to brussels , and return to poor andrea cavalcanti , so <unk> interrupted in his rise to fortune . ! ” coming out . ” , my dear la ramee , ” said the duke , wiping away the sweat that stood on his brow , wide awake though he was ; “ after this i will think of nothing but eating and drinking . ” marriage contract , the survivor takes everything . ” to abide by all the terms of this agreement , you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg™ electronic works in your possession . i carry five hundred francs about with me ? of sailors , soldiers	150.49342346191406
, and those belonging to the humblest grade of life , the present assembly was composed of the very flower of marseilles society , <unk> who had resigned their office during the usurper ’ s reign ; officers who had deserted from the imperial army and joined forces with condé ; and younger members of families , brought up to hate and execrate the man whom five years of exile would convert into a martyr , and fifteen of restoration <unk> to the rank of a god . so curious as that . ” heard of the landing of the emperor ? ” else was to be expected of them ? ” asked comminges , who , putting together what mazarin had said of his prisoners and what	223.90972900390625
the comte de la fere had said , began to feel a degree of uneasiness . , lieutenant ? ” you have been saying to that <unk> ? ” exclaimed porthos . , “ allow me , after thanking you for that poor fellow ’ s life , to thank you on my own account . ? ” inquired the king , of villefort . . ? ” cried rochefort . the thief in a trap and plays a tune . what reason government can assign for these useless visits ; when you see one prisoner , you see all , —always the same thing , <unk> fed and innocent . ” and evidently thoughtful . servant , ’ said one , and that applies very well to	93.99974060058594
me . ” lest , instead of keeping in shore , she should stand out to sea ; but he soon saw that she would pass , like most vessels bound for italy , between the islands of <unk> and <unk> . d ’ artagnan ; “ nothing , ” and he read , or rather i suffered for a month ! ? morcerf , an old soldier who has fought in twenty battles and whose honorable <unk> they would denounce as <unk> of disgrace . ” these registers . ” dear aramis , ” quietly replied athos , “ i think it would only change monsieur de retz ’ s appearance . ! ” ! ” said d ’ artagnan . and implored him , and at	86.7899169921875
last he agreed . ? ” he said to his friend . you my name , since i do not know it ; but i know my father ’ s , and can tell it to you . ” you see i have answered your first appeal , although certainly the conversation must be much more painful for me than for you. ” villefort smiled bitterly . , ” answered d ’ artagnan . the <unk> . having bowed to lord wilmore , who returned his salutation with the stiff politeness of the english , he retired . asked mazarin , after a moment ’ s silence . will that be all ? motion as slowly as a funeral <unk> . and shaped it out as neatly as	94.4530029296875
possible . ? with indifference . d ’ artagnan to his domestic , who just then <unk> his head through the half-open door in order to catch some fragments of the conversation , “ go down to my landlord , monsieur bonacieux , and ask him to send me half a dozen bottles of <unk> wine ; i prefer that . ” right , ” said the jailer ; “ all right , since you will have it so . cautious by these words , entered the apartment , where he found mazarin sitting at the table , dressed in his ordinary garb and as one of the <unk> of the church , his costume being similar to that of the abbés in that day , excepting that	96.1652603149414
his scarf and stockings were violet . a native of the universal country was apparent in the fact of his knowing no other italian words than the terms used in music , and which like the “ <unk> ” of <unk> , served all possible <unk> requirements . approaching the king , his face radiant with joy : decidedly bad countenance , ” said the count in a tone of disgust , as he shut up his glass into its ivory case . ; only he was engaged with someone and begged danglars to wait for a moment in the drawing-room . ” said athos , smiling , “ if it be not a secret . 6,000 or 8,000 francs , his bills <unk> up to the 5th	162.84242248535156
to 4,000 or 5,000 , which , making the best of everything , gave him <unk> francs to meet debts amounting to 287,500 francs . these two words being delivered to their address . ” is quite clear and your majesty can continue your road . ” rushed to meet the shipowner and greeted him at the door . , took a bar in his hands , clung to it and bent it like a bow ; so that the two ends came out of the sockets of stone in which for thirty years they had been fixed . any appearance of affectation , and asked d ’ artagnan in the most careless manner possible if he had ever been in england . that the excellent abbé was	141.63742065429688
engaged in my behalf , for the rigors of my imprisonment were <unk> by many trifling though acceptable <unk> , and i was told that my trial was to be postponed to the assizes following those now being held . so firm a tone that the color mounted to valentine ’ s cheeks . madame de saint-remy , have they yet told her of it ? ” half an hour to pass away ; and as at that moment all was silence in the old castle , as nothing was heard but the eternal murmur of the <unk> immense breaking of the <unk> her pure , harmonious , and powerful voice , she began the first couplet of the psalm then in great favor with the puritans :	216.7758331298828
case , we can manage <unk> , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ which of the two horses will you <unk> which you bought or the one that was given to you ? ” which resembled a sob , and dropped his head into his hands , his elbows leaning on the table . blaisois . of your horse . continued morrel , “ you named the fifth of october as the end of the period of waiting , <unk> is the fifth of october , ” he took out his watch , “ it is now nine o ’ clock , —i have yet three hours to live . ” vampa was chosen captain , vice cucumetto , deceased . ” of you , ” said	79.62631225585938
monte cristo with a tone of perfect indifference . lips . piece étienne entered , and announced to eugénie that the horses were to the carriage , and that the baroness was waiting for her to pay her visits . the latter ; “ only , if the queen has the studs , which i very much doubt , count them , sire , and if you only find ten , ask her majesty who can have stolen from her the two studs that are here . ” said morrel ; “ well , then , i appeal to m. d ’ avrigny himself . custody , ” answered villefort ; “ and rely upon it , if the letter is found , he will not be likely	81.09608459472656
to be trusted abroad again , unless he goes forth under the especial protection of the headsman . ” rode off down the avenue on the grass at a hand gallop . winter the fire was lighted by the discreet servant , who had the <unk> of the little apartment , and in the summer ices were placed on the table at the same hour . clarik once from provence and spain ; that explains , if the portrait you showed me be like , the dark hue i so much admired on the visage of the noble catalan . ” from his horse and had not been seen to rise ; every one , therefore , believed him to be dead , especially those to whom his	211.22267150878906
death would give promotion . the room , under a white sheet which covered it , lay the corpse , still more alarming to morrel since the account he had so unexpectedly overheard . sir , you must have seen plain enough what they had been doing , yet you said nothing , though you were present when dantès was arrested . ” found the three lower rows of benches already occupied ; but being anxious not to be too conspicuous , all , with the exception of porthos , who had a fancy to display his red doublet , were quite satisfied with their places , the more so as chance had brought them to the centre of their row , so that they were exactly opposite	209.4211883544922
the arm-chair prepared for the royal prisoner . , ” said mousqueton , with a modest air . me , namely , how franz d ’ épinay will like a grandfather who can not be separated from his wife . the <unk> get good <unk> rum over there . ” , ” answered athos , “ we should not be taken there by lord de winter , for he would come in for his share ; he was one of us . ” loathe it ! ” , ” said porthos , turning round upon his chair and twisting his mustache , “ that ’ s a fair bet , i hope . ” took these weapons for foils , and believed them to be buttoned ; but	98.17213439941406
he soon perceived by certain scratches that every weapon was pointed and sharpened , and that at each of these scratches not only the spectators , but even the actors themselves , laughed like so many madmen . they could not long delay coming to clear the table , and that felton would then reappear . he bowed to morcerf , who replied with the most impertinent look possible . seems to me . ” the middle ages ; there is no longer a <unk> , or free tribunals ; what do you want to ask these people ? by one forsake the doomed ship even before the vessel weighs anchor , so all the numerous clerks had by degrees deserted the office and the warehouse . ,	282.142333984375
and suddenly they open some mysterious cavern filled with the wealth of the indies . ” four young men , calling their lackeys , “ clean my boots , and fetch the horses from the hôtel . ” it ? ” asked louis xviii . on a physical medium , you must return the medium with your written explanation . swim to the shore . ” was busy taking down some notes , raised his head at the mention of this date . ” continued caderousse , “ he owns a magnificent <unk> . . man to abandon an old servant , and when mousqueton rose above the water , blind as a new-born <unk> , he found he was supported by the large hand of porthos and	140.3479461669922
that he was thus enabled , without having occasion even to move , to advance toward the cable with the dignity of a very <unk> . by which you can escape this time but those of hell . ” herblay , —i learned from d ’ artagnan who has embraced me on the part of the comte de la fere and yourself , that you are setting out on a journey which may perhaps last two or three months ; as i know that you do not like to ask money of your friends i offer you some of my own accord . well received . me . ” one thing , you will be so amiable as to set aside all impediments . ” certainly you !	93.21589660644531
” he cried . , ” replied mousqueton . , ” said mazarin aside ; “ they are carved from <unk> ” then he added aloud , “ but you have relations left you ? ” , perhaps . as i am personally concerned . ” ” said he . entries relative to the abbé faria ; but it seemed that the history which the inspector had related interested him greatly , for after having perused the first documents he turned over the leaves until he reached the deposition respecting edmond dantès . forehead at the same moment brought him to the ground , covered with blood and almost fainting . . breathed , no breath issued through the <unk> teeth ; the white lips no longer <unk>	151.95571899414062
eyes were suffused with a bluish vapor , and the long black lashes rested on a cheek white as wax . one reason to be satisfied . thing in this world , edmond , —the happiness of my son . ” that the guardsmen sought a quarrel with the musketeers ? ” appeared through the carriage window , was a woman of from twenty to two-and-twenty years . anything to you by word of mouth ? ” , and the holy water ! ” exclaimed monte cristo , “ can my suspicions be correct ? but thinking the opportunity a good one , he begged him to have the diamond he put into his hand valued , as he wished to turn it into money . so great	163.1400146484375
that the cardinal fancied there must be some riot , and sent la houdinière , his captain of the guards , to inquire what was going on . had seen leave the ship with so much regret entered this house ; she had scarcely closed the door after her when monte cristo appeared at the corner of a street , so that he found and lost her again almost at the same instant . to haydée to address his visitor . will break in the window . ” resumed aramis . of a young woman who was carried off one night ? ” the title . ” morrel with a feeling of selfish joy ; for he thought this death would cause the wedding to be postponed <unk>	123.32811737060547
. his head . for them , ” said porthos . hurry to be <unk> forget one of my guests . dear sir , ” replied franz , “ make no apologies . don ’ t die of hunger here . ” i brought you ! ” said morrel , when he was alone with the count . , and seizing handfuls of confetti and sweetmeats , with which the carriage was filled , cast them with all the force and skill he was master of . you not , that obtaining a carriage is out of the question ? ” dispersed he leaped down , crept from behind the drapery , glided between two horses , mingled with the crowd and was the first to arrive at	102.90583038330078
the inn . lamp , i can see nothing now . ” a mist , a black figure kneeling and buried in a confused mass of white drapery . ” said porthos . men of the church . ” the last in the kingdom of france open to the english , and by closing it against england , our eternal enemy , the cardinal completed the work of <unk> of <unk> and the duc de guise . de la fere and monsieur d ’ herblay our crime would be confirmed . ? ” important matters to communicate to one another , and it was impossible to talk five minutes in that inn without being annoyed by all those importunate fellows , who keep coming in , saluting you	115.0479965209961
, and addressing you . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ if you annoy us in this manner we will all four go and shut ourselves up in your cellar , and we will see if the mischief is as great as you say . ” hunting and <unk> , and had one day when conversing on this great art astonished even louis xiii . service , is he not ? ” that the young woman took from her pocket a white object , which she unfolded quickly , and which took the form of a handkerchief . , the young man in a black coat , looking at murillo ’ s ‘ <unk> ’ ; now he is turning . ” to proceed to the last	93.60724639892578
part of the speculation . you <unk> me . ” overhung by thick hedges ; the rock , half open , afforded a passage to the young man , who disappeared like the evil spirits in the fairy tales . , ” said de guiche , “ remain beside this unfortunate man and see that he is removed as gently as possible . distinguished , this creature so beautiful , this <unk> so fine , was seen to turn insensibly toward material life , as old men turn toward physical and moral imbecility . of the second opening , ” said the cardinal ’ s will . whose desire to partake of the good things provided for the wedding party had induced him to become reconciled to the	235.94241333007812
dantès , father and son , although there still lingered in his mind a faint and <unk> recollection of the events of the preceding night ; just as the brain retains on waking in the morning the dim and misty outline of a dream . ? ” . ” now become meagre ; once pale , he was now yellow ; his deep-set eyes were hollow , and the gold spectacles <unk> his eyes seemed to be an <unk> portion of his face . entered , bringing <unk> filled with ices and sherbet , which they placed on two small tables appropriated to that purpose . ? ” asked louise . he said , as he was about to mount and start on his dangerous mission , “	194.90931701660156
athos , for generosity , is a hero of romance ; porthos has an excellent disposition , but is easily influenced ; aramis has a <unk> countenance , always illegible . passed on the high road . ” moon , inquisitive , perhaps , like d ’ artagnan , came from behind a cloud and by her light d ’ artagnan recognized the large blue eyes , the golden hair and the classic head of the duchess de longueville . my power to <unk> them and yet the belief of the public , you say , is that they proceed from me , an unhappy foreigner , who has been unable to please the french . ” said franz , turning to him , while albert continued to	115.34297180175781
point his glass at every box in the theatre , “ you seem determined not to approve ; you are really too difficult to please . ” citizens and common people , some playing , some drinking , some talking . of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.f.3 , this work is provided to you ‘ as-is ’ , with no other warranties of any kind , express or implied , including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for any purpose . ; villefort gazed at him as if he had some difficulty in recognizing him ; then , after a brief interval , during which the honest shipowner turned his hat in his hands , the <unk> headed by the duke of	251.63278198242188
beaufort ; and the ‘ coxcomb ’ arrested de beaufort and banished madame de chevreuse . ” , and to do her justice , she was very useful to us . knots an hour . acquainted with the king , they were not much excited ; but d ’ artagnan , with his gascon imagination , saw in it his future fortune , and passed the night in golden dreams . direction . with emotion into the count ’ s arms . , that ’ s all . have such a good memory . ” to your dear eugénie . , ” said groslow . other particulars he was desirous of ascertaining , and those were of a nature he alone could investigate in a manner satisfactory to	119.88951110839844
himself . to grimaud . very little noise alongside the lugger , which , no doubt , in <unk> of the compliment , lowered her own <unk> into the sea , and the five boats worked so well that by two o ’ clock in the morning all the cargo was out of _la jeune amélie_ and on _terra firma_ . for yourself . ” andrea . to repent ! direction and saw that they were fixed on a bottle containing the mixture which he took every morning . aid they already considered themselves invincible . from going down there , we are forced to refuse food and drink to the travelers who come to the house ; so that our hostelry is daily going to ruin .	208.4478302001953
of the minister ’ s box opened , and madame danglars , accompanied by her daughter , entered , escorted by lucien debray , who assiduously conducted them to their seats . ” replied the other , drawing his sword and resting the point on his boot . a great <unk> . ” , on my honor , ” said he , “ to await your decision respecting the course i am to pursue with m. d ’ épinay . ” i should this evening pass with you the time i generally spend with your mistress ? ” the room . he had , as we have said , been with his master for five-and-twenty years , therefore he knew all his habits , and it was seldom	89.52738189697266
that noirtier found it necessary to ask for anything , so prompt was he in administering to all the <unk> of the invalid . ” of time , but those who have begun by crying out : down with mazarin ! keep a servant ; i too could have a tilbury ; i too could dine where i like ; but why do i not ? duke of buckingham to be stabbed by a man who was , ere that , honest , good and pure . come later , when we shall be better known to each other . young man , ” said buckingham , holding out his hand to d ’ artagnan , who pressed it respectfully . . much honor , ” said the	122.30064392089844
host , “ and i thank you sincerely for your kind wish . ” could not help exchanging not only a look but a smile ; and had they not known it for a fact , this would have told them that de chatillon and de flamarens had been there . that you can do with most project gutenberg™ electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement . allow , as you say , your father was a very intelligent fellow . years of age , dressed in one of the green <unk> , ornamented with black <unk> , which have so long maintained their popularity all over europe . thou shalt be hidden here , though i risk by concealing thee neither more	194.7741241455078
nor less than my lieutenancy , if it was found out that i gave one rebel an asylum . ” apartment , and came out again almost immediately , holding a rosewood casket in her hand , with her cipher encrusted with gold . choice ; he took the full glass and a biscuit . and am not afraid of being robbed , i went and opened the gate and saw three men at a few paces from it . grimaud to recall the past . hotel with as much caution as eugénie used in leaving it ; she ran lightly upstairs , and with an <unk> heart entered her apartment , contiguous , as we know , to that of eugénie . allowed to interfere with business	188.47933959960938
. ” ? —the album ! ” style . commencement of the month of <unk> everything was explained to him by this letter , dated from villeroy : to consult with him whether it would not be better to send word to the duke to stop on the road , but gondy reflected for a moment , and then said : <unk> <unk> which strikes but does not destroy you , and yet which brings everything to an end . his strange story : write to you , depend on me . procureur , looking at the doctor with uneasiness , “ if you wish <unk> you demand it , why then it shall be done . know what connection there can possibly be between your sickly <unk>	144.82150268554688
and the affairs of the state ! ” porthos with that air of wonder which a cunning man can not help feeling at <unk> of <unk> stupidity . is that true ? ” cried albert . , ‘ nothing too much ’ ? the finest title under the royalty of july , ” replied danglars . shall see it now . ” joke , let me ask ? ’ artagnan , a gascon gentleman , serving in the king ’ s musketeers . undergone such , monsieur athos , and have replied <unk> . ” not see or hear ; the jailer feared he was dangerously ill. edmond hoped he was dying . the old man gave no sign of returning animation . to speak of your friends	124.14263153076172
also , athos , porthos , and aramis ? this place without ever going more than three leagues from it . them , <unk> , a hundred , even , all the company , and i would not allow a whisper . ” effort to do so , my good man. ” said d ’ avrigny . ; the wall had closed again . joined with your persecutors . ” up into my room . ” haydée , her eyes flashing with rage ; “ he sold my father to the turks , and the fortune he <unk> of was the price of his treachery ! the royal army was left a space which looked ready to serve as a last resting place for the dead . ”	100.5723648071289
said d ’ artagnan , drawing his pistols from his belt , “ you will kill nobody , if you please ! ” she will help me . <unk> head ; quick , the ladder ! ” gave milady ample matter for reflection ; so seeing that the young officer did not seem at all disposed for conversation , she reclined in her corner of the carriage , and one after the other passed in review all the <unk> which presented themselves to her mind . , admired the breviary , laid hands on the furniture , and were greatly astonished that spada , the rich man , was really the most miserable of <unk> <unk> they were those of science , contained in the library and <unk>	136.87228393554688
. your wishes , grandpapa ? ” said valentine , addressing noirtier . the musket with you . ” her risk ; after the queen her departure would double mine ; then , the court once safe , i might be forgotten . him ? ” first , as had been agreed upon . grammont ? ” heart , madame , ” replied the count , “ and he has acted rightly . the conversation twice or thrice bit her lips ; she had to deal with a gascon who played close . his name ? ” the rope ladder was to be attached . hung up at the corners of streets the evening before an execution , on which is <unk> up a paper containing the names	141.32223510742188
of the condemned persons , their crimes , and mode of punishment . ; i will get access to her without her suspecting me , and when i catch my beauty , i will strangle her . ” an idea of the impression these few words made upon louis xiii . make a breach in the barricade , whilst he and others , remaining on their horses , were to protect the assailants . service . ” to remain with him ? ” to take a little rosewood casket , with her cipher upon it , and went out again immediately . ” night , when you were <unk> on that bed in the red damask room , while i , scarcely less agitated than you , awaited	146.297607421875
your delivery . ’ observed caderousse , replacing the box in his pocket , ‘ someone else will purchase it . ’ he , “ we have at <unk> , ugolino ’ s tower ; at <unk> , <unk> ’ s prison ; at <unk> , the room of <unk> and paolo . ” in both hands and hear what this gentleman in black is going to say about his sovereign , with full license and privilege . ” so drunk as he appears to be , ” said danglars . <unk> us of a fact of which until now we had remained in ignorance . can answer positively ; no , sir , he had not , because he applied to me six months ago for the	122.67491149902344
particulars he required , and as i did not know when i might again come to paris , i recommended m. cavalcanti to him . ” . rita , telling her she was saved , and bidding her write to her father , to inform him what had occurred , and that her ransom was fixed at three hundred piastres . good deal done before it can deserve that title , your excellency , for the tapestried hangings are very old . ” having spoken without permission , my friend , you will please to eat this piece of paper ; then to recompense you for the service you will have rendered us , you shall afterward drink this glass of wine . with me , m. de	130.13597106933594
villefort , that general quesnel , whom they believed attached to the usurper , but who was really entirely devoted to me , has perished the victim of a bonapartist ambush ? ” i forgot that there was at the catalans someone who expects you no less impatiently than your <unk> lovely mercédès . ” found <unk> . the wide brim of his hat . ” continued the concierge , “ a staunch follower of the bourbons ; he had an only daughter , who married m. de villefort , who had been the king ’ s attorney at nîmes , and afterwards at versailles . ” of sword thrusts which <unk> , and painful exercises which fatigue , he had become one of the most gallant <unk>	129.73764038085938
of revels , one of the most insinuating lady ’ s men , one of the softest <unk> of interesting nothings of his day ; the <unk> <unk> of de tréville were talked of as those of m. de bassompierre had been talked of twenty years before , and that was not saying a little . , ” said porthos ; “ she is simply a duchess . ” of the promise he had made , and of the responsibility he had <unk> retired last to his chamber , begged the host to procure him a map of the province , bent over it , examined every line traced upon it , perceived that there were four different roads from béthune to armentières , and summoned the lackeys	150.9435272216797
. efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life . , ” said the king , “ have you made your calculations ? ” target morcerf picked up two or three swallows that had been rash enough to come within the range of the count ’ s pistol . and quietly awaited the arrival of the notary . wait surrounded by assassins and poisoners . ” easy , ” said the captain of a vessel ready to set sail , “ but this morning came an order to let no one leave without express permission from the cardinal . ” reproaching him for his unavailing <unk> , and <unk> the prostration of mind that followed them , he looked at me ,	135.4489288330078
and , smiling bitterly , opened a volume relating to the history of the city of rome . bears it is too highly favored by heaven to be the father of such a wretch as you . ” checked the fervor of the lover and the mother . ’ artagnan ! who guard these doors . forever with you , and now i could not break my promise if i would . joke ? ” said danglars . the parisians and the parisians on the court ; and the <unk> , though not mortal , were painful , as are all wounds inflicted by the weapon of ridicule . that should there fall in your way anyone guilty of conspiring against the government , you will be so	160.4650115966797
much the more bound to visit the offence with rigorous punishment , as it is known you belong to a suspected family . ” that you knew me not . see ? —always to wait till the end of the month . ” ! ” shouted d ’ artagnan . right . them , when i most thought it would be <unk> . sounds , and irresistible faintness came over me . resounded to the touch of mademoiselle d ’ armilly ’ s fingers , and mademoiselle danglars was singing <unk> ’ s malediction on desdemona . to that beautiful hand , and then rising , said , “ within six months , if i am not dead , i shall have seen you again , <unk> if	109.152099609375
i have to overturn the <unk> ” and faithful to the promise he had made , he rushed out of the apartment . around her , and saw the cardinal behind , with a diabolical smile on his countenance . ” exclaimed the baroness , “ you are without pity for others , well , then , i tell you they will have no mercy on you ! ” put the madman with the <unk> ” the soldiers seized dantès , who followed passively . on the brink of misfortune , <unk> over ideas like these ! ? ” said louise . felton , ” said lord de winter . i could , eh ? ” ? ” la ramee began to be uneasy ; “ unless the	85.81061553955078
horses have wings to mount the ramparts and come and fetch you . ” the host , “ i replied that as from the moment we seemed not likely to come to a good understanding with respect to payment , i hoped that he would have at least the kindness to grant the favor of his custom to my brother host of the golden eagle ; but monsieur porthos replied that , my house being the best , he should remain where he was . the pale of the protection of the law , preparations on both sides were <unk> the queen , to attack paris , by the citizens , to defend it . and light than the kid among the myrtles and shrubs of these wild	186.5574493408203
rocks , took his gun in one hand , his pickaxe in the other , and hastened towards the rock on which the marks he had noted terminated . pockets , and took from one of them the order for the passage . we have seen , watched for valentine , and informed her of her grandfather ’ s wish . the grand vizier my father look at that moment , in the midst of the flying bullets , his scimitar in his hand , and his face blackened with the powder of his enemies ! the divan ; chibouques with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> were within reach , and all prepared so that there was no need to smoke the same pipe twice . her complexion	146.07711791992188
might therefore deceive a person who saw her for the first time . a cry of despair , was wafted through space ; and as if the shrieks of anguish had driven away the clouds , the veil which hid the moon was <unk> away and the gray sails and dark shrouds of the felucca were plainly visible beneath the silvery light . the way it ended . ” all this fume and fury ? ” asked athos . ! ” cried m. de tréville , looking at the clock ; “ why , that ’ s impossible ! ” offense committed . ” morcerf , impatiently , “ what does all this mean ? ” o ’ clock bernouin knocked at the queen ’ s bedroom door	131.093994140625
, having come by the cardinal ’ s secret corridor . of the inside one . upon me . ” be stupefied , and the jury manifested tokens of disgust for a <unk> so unexpected in a man of fashion . the young man , “ you know how gladly i would obey your wish , but an urgent and important affair obliges me to leave you for the whole evening . ” but what are you looking for ? are ; we must not send for a notary , but for a doctor ! ” then ? ” asked richelieu . madame de villefort and danglars ; the other seats were filled by debray , who was placed between the two cavalcanti , and by château-renaud ,	87.2642822265625
seated between madame de villefort and morrel . of continuing to interrogate him , made him a long speech upon the danger there is for an obscure citizen to meddle with public matters . ; you will do as much when the opportunity occurs , will you , raoul ? ” make use of a diligence , equally so to engage post-horses ; to travel either way a passport was necessary . breathing , panting , with a cold sweat upon her brow , and her heart oppressed by frightful agony at every movement she heard in the corridor . , he exclaimed : are you going ? ” asked the marquise . as you know , picked soldiers , and they require many things useless to the	190.00888061523438
guardsmen or the swiss . ” majesty ’ s guards , monseigneur , and i have no reason to be dissatisfied . ” came from a neighboring carriage , and which , while it covered morcerf and his two companions with dust , pricked his neck and that portion of his face uncovered by his mask like a hundred pins , <unk> him to join in the general combat , in which all the masks around him were engaged . has punished you . ” with a blow of my fist . ” had gone out and every one was frightened . my dear m. d ’ artagnan , ” he called out in a <unk> voice , “ will you answer for everything ? ” are mad	91.93592834472656
, on my honor , ’ replied m. de villefort ; ‘ they fancy that their countryman is still emperor . been supplied solely for franz , for the unknown scarcely touched one or two dishes of the splendid banquet to which his guest did ample justice . of the principal military appointments in the king ’ s household . ” recall his remembrances . and son-in-law stepped into the same carriage , and morrel , seeing them pass , became uneasy . right to endeavor to find her . name in france , but is common enough in albania and epirus ; it is as if you said , for example , chastity , modesty , innocence , —it is a kind of baptismal name , as	177.40069580078125
you parisians call it . ” tell you ? ” said morrel , <unk> noirtier ’ s thought this time by his look . advancement , and he was said to be one of the first who had informed the government of the departure from the island of elba . ” , ” replied the procurator ’ s wife , who saw that she had gone too far , “ you must not take the word literally . . men ? ” he leaped lightly into the saddle and set out at full gallop ; only instead of following the road , he went across the fields , urging his horse to the utmost and stopping occasionally to listen . , the respectable martyr of the political and	101.50582885742188
amorous intrigues which <unk> themselves so nicely together at this gallant and chivalric period . the originator of the project gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone . all paris was in expectation . m. de tréville announced that it was time to go to the louvre ; but as the hour of audience granted by his majesty was past , instead of claiming the _entrée_ by the back stairs , he placed himself with the four young men in the antechamber . you lying bleeding , wounded . ” those sudden inspirations which only people of genius receive in great <unk> , in supreme moments which are to decide their fortunes or their lives . ” said aramis .	217.10748291015625
penelon , who , with a rouleau of a hundred francs in either hand , seemed unable to make up his mind to retain them . added noirtier , with a smile , “ one means by which you may a second time save me , if the political balance should some day take another turn , and cast you aloft while hurling me down . caderousse , wiping his large knife on his apron , “ if i did not like you , do you think i should endure the wretched life you lead me ? see the ship which was carrying her son over the vast sea ; but still her voice involuntarily murmured softly : not to reply to friends who ask news of your	194.47900390625
health . ” , for he will tell you , what is very true , that perhaps there were fifty officers in the greek army bearing the same name . ” the boat made six or seven knots an hour , and they were rapidly reaching the end of their voyage . fine soldiers as , in later times , <unk> of <unk> used to be . milady , “ dunce ! poor bazin , reflect a little . her eye passed quickly from the servant and rested on the master . die ? ” said she . caderousse ; “ it is so <unk> that your hat can easily appear to have blown off . ” old , ” said haydée . thoughts passed through his mind	116.34105682373047
. the country , and the son enters the army . ” raoul , returning the count ’ s pressure of the hand , “ i like you already , from my heart ; pray regard me as a devoted friend , i beseech you . ” rest , gentlemen ; i need to know whether i am among enemies or friends . ” height of joy . i commend his eminence to your care . ” fine , benedetto <unk> , but i know what i am saying . are the chevalier d ’ herblay and the comte de la fere , just arrived from london , and they can give you , as <unk> , such details as you can convey to the queen , my	76.3445816040039
royal sister . the voice which speaks to me in my dreams ; yes , i recognize the features of the angel who appears to me every night , crying to my soul , which can not sleep : ‘ strike , save england , save <unk> thou wilt die without having appeased god ! ’ speak , speak ! ” cried felton , “ i can understand you now . ” ” continued faria , “ of removing these iron bars , and letting myself down from the window , which , as you see , is somewhat <unk> than yours , although i should have <unk> it still more preparatory to my flight ; however , i discovered that i should merely have dropped into a	128.63946533203125
sort of inner court , and i therefore renounced the project altogether as too full of risk and danger . cried d ’ artagnan , raising his head and regaining his self-possession . not look , will you ? —it is because they have had the axe , with which criminals are executed , brought and placed there on the table . snare , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ i shall scent it out , be assured . said d ’ artagnan ; “ and now in what direction did they set out ? ” the young man , “ it is on account of an accident which has happened to our little neighbor . ” minutes the clerk returned with a beaming countenance . <unk>	84.57024383544922
should kill me . ” ” exclaimed d ’ artagnan , “ this proves to me that not till to-day has your majesty had a just idea of us . ” burial of his father , and the marriage of mercédès . has come suddenly upon me , and for the first time ; and because i am only twenty . ” , signor pastrini ’ s face assumed an expression impossible to describe . mean to do ? ” your diamond ? ” ” and charming young man , ” said mme . . ” <unk> immediately . ” a thing for poor anne of austria that at this announcement , as the cardinal had predicted , the last trace of her resentment disappeared , if not	73.10667419433594
from her heart , at least from her countenance . no one will know that she has been guilty . doubted that this was porthos ’ s pleasant dwelling place . usual phrase ; i am quite familiar with it . ? ” asked dantès . family is henceforth in my hands . me any more ? ” extended from <unk> to <unk> ; and as there was no species of violence or <unk> it did not commit , the poor people on the frontier quitted their isolated <unk> and fled for refuge into the strong cities which held out a shelter to them . ” cried the king . ! ” cried the latter , like a man who has the nightmare and talks in his sleep	116.01420593261719
, “ monsieur d ’ artagnan ! ” throat , and pressed as hard as he could . your care to see that the brevet is made out and sent to m. de villefort. ” villefort ’ s eyes were filled with tears of joy and pride ; he took the cross and kissed it . porthos . indiscretion to ask to see those precious pills ? ” continued beauchamp , hoping to take him at a disadvantage . he returned . , gathered from his <unk> replies that the road to the right was the one he ought to take , and on that uncertain information he resumed his journey . gentlemen come in , but appeared to take no notice of them . s perceptions remained	130.19711303710938
tolerably clear , owing to the constant presence of m. noirtier , who caused himself to be carried to his granddaughter ’ s room , and watched her with his paternal tenderness ; villefort also , on his return from the law courts , frequently passed an hour or two with his father and child . weapon which despair has placed within the reach of every creature who has the courage to use it . ” answered mousqueton ; “ but permit me to say i see nothing laughable in it . moment to tell his two companions to fasten the door inside , and to make them a sign to come and listen with him . crowd , m. de villefort saw it open before him .	137.95408630371094
the evil reports which then prevailed , and which indeed have survived them , of the procurators of the <unk> , <unk> , fasts ; but as , after all , excepting some few acts of economy which porthos had always found very <unk> , the procurator ’ s wife had been tolerably <unk> is , be it understood , for a procurator ’ s <unk> hoped to see a household of a highly comfortable kind . she . exclaimed a general burst of voices . as he would a guardian angel , to give him food ; he offered him 1,000 francs for a mouthful of bread . we have no oliver cromwell in france , ” replied the queen . monsieur , he is very young	141.8946990966797
. ” more . i do not in the least suspect your veracity ; i ask if you are certain of it ? ” for the first time , and has already forgotten he has seen me . ) has not left bourges , and the peninsula is in the enjoyment of profound peace . <unk> ’ — ‘ i will not quit you , ’ said vasiliki ; ‘ if you die , my lord , i will die with you. ’ — ‘ go to selim ! ’ cried my father . , then ? ” brought villefort took them back at full speed , and at this moment morrel rapped at monte cristo ’ s door . a few gentlemen , whom he fears to	92.66419219970703
lose every day ; surrounded by the scotch , whom he <unk> , although he be himself a scotchman . led by a chief , one of whom appeared to belong , not to the people , but to the honorable corporation of mendicants , and the other , notwithstanding his affected imitation of the people , might easily be discerned to be a gentleman . was regaining some little influence over her husband . . ear , monsieur athos , ” said the cardinal ; “ but now listen to this . with the quick glance peculiar to those who are about to die and have no time to lose . it was a complete suit , for he counted from the ace to the ten .	141.7414093017578
still , ” said porthos bowing to harrison . on the contrary , i think it will answer my purpose . ” , then , was , as we have said , to keep mme . dovecot small staff . ” and he took his sword and cloak . solemnity in this interrogation . of his feelings , one must have seen his face with its expression of enforced resignation and its <unk> eyes raised to heaven . sir ; the servants who fled from the house informed me . that moment been under his hand , he would have killed him . ! ? ” said kitty . and only as a friend , at this moment . ” the eyes of all were turned in the	82.81271362304688
direction where the vessel had disappeared , endeavoring in vain to penetrate the darkness . i pay that out of my <unk> francs , —that is understood , —and as i require only eighty francs for my journey , you see i am overwhelmed with luxury . ; and be in readiness on the stairs to conduct us to it . ” ” said he . then , ” said monte cristo , “ i am not particular about these five notes , pay me in a different form ; i wished , from curiosity , to take these , that i might be able to say that without any advice or preparation the house of danglars had paid me five millions without a minute ’ s delay	124.72107696533203
; it would have been remarkable . to have ? which you would give me are almost crimes . ” into all the cabarets in which there was a light , but could not find planchet in any of them . to see the ceremony to the end , which delayed me . ” believe in the allées de meilhan , on the fourth floor ? ” ? ” said aramis , “ he resembles one of dante ’ s damned , whose neck <unk> has dislocated and who are ever looking at their heels . prayers , sobs , and imprecations had changed it so that at times it was of a singularly penetrating sweetness , and at others rough and almost hoarse . your indignation ,	156.5861053466797
my dear albert . can not speak , ” returned monte cristo . leave without the promise of seeing valentine again the next night . was again ordered , and this time it went to the rue fontaine-saint-georges , and stopped at no . o ’ clock , you will be with me , will you not ? ” ! , ” said danglars . her , ” said monte cristo , “ as i told you , albert , with the emerald which formed a match to the one i had made into a box for the purpose of holding my hashish pills . ” you of his origin but what he is . ” . that , by traces of smoke , others had before him	68.33010864257812
attempted the same thing , and , like him , in vain . , ” said kitty ; “ your son was the only heir of his uncle , and until his majority you would have had the enjoyment of his fortune . ” on the bench nearest to the pillar against which porthos leaned , a sort of <unk> beauty , rather yellow and rather dry , but erect and haughty under her black hood . mme . had preferred avoiding any touch on this painful chord , and faria had been equally silent . the corpses , ” replied athos . mazarin . not be burned down for everybody , monseigneur . ” , monseigneur . ” to watch over your life , madame , and	151.2835693359375
i will watch . ” set out . ” said the abbé , “ read this other paper ; ” and he presented to dantès a second leaf with fragments of lines written on it , which edmond read as follows : them , several <unk> questioned , without a single clew being given to guide their inquiries , when at <unk> athos felt upon the table that something rough was touching his delicate fingers . ; he was not exemplary for piety , he was not easily impressed , but valentine suffering , weeping , wringing her hands before him , was more than he could bear in silence . , my lord , thrust it in . ” ” madame , ” said felton , blushing	163.64268493652344
; “ lord de winter is not capable of such a crime . ” <unk> had got rid of an enemy and made his own situation on the _pharaon_ secure . we trust your eminence will deign to explain yourself , and we should then at least be acquainted with our real position . ” ” ’ s carriage , which in the course of a few minutes deposited them safely at no . count went to haydée ’ s apartments , told her his intention , and resigned everything to her care . ” commanded comminges , “ silence that old woman . ” ” said the count , “ you are <unk> yourself . ” guns , pray ? in the hall and called for a	85.3131103515625
servant to conduct him to m. noirtier ; but no one answered , the servants having , as we know , deserted the house . leader of smugglers , ” continued franz , “ venture to build a vessel designed for such a purpose at genoa ? ” more difficult . ” and shade , ” said monte cristo . , the same englishman whom i <unk> , indeed . ” , whom your majesty knows by name , and whose devotedness you have more than once appreciated , and who have , i dare affirm to the king , his service much at <unk> of my best soldiers , i say , athos , porthos , and aramis , had made a party of pleasure with a	99.9369888305664
young fellow from gascony , whom i had introduced to them the same morning . man his natural successor , and regretted that he had not a daughter , that he might have bound edmond to him by a more secure alliance . pampinara , palestrina , or <unk> had been able to gain any influence over him or even to become his companion . her tomorrow or the day after , with an order from the queen . ” of the conversation of the doctor and m. de villefort , and he thought he could see through the sheet the extended hands , the stiff neck , and the purple lips . as <unk> , when they darted forward like mad things , and galloped away at	124.50799560546875
so fearful a rate , that there seemed no other prospect for myself and my poor edward but that of being dashed to pieces against the first object that <unk> their progress , when a <unk> man , —an arab , a negro , or a nubian , at least a black of some nation or <unk> a signal from the count , whose domestic he is , suddenly seized and stopped the infuriated animals , even at the risk of being trampled to death himself ; and certainly he must have had a most wonderful escape . is there nothing i can offer you by way of refreshment ? ” the windows , and hid from the garden and court these two apartments , the only rooms	233.5910186767578
into which , as they were on the ground floor , the <unk> eyes of the curious could penetrate . ” he said , “ you are good in council , as we have already discovered ; to-morrow we shall know if you are good in action . ” the more readily , since we have them not here ; you know they are buried in the garden of the little house in the allées de meilhan , at marseilles . hiding-place , where he had remained quite unperceived , so great had been the general confusion . fernand who deserted on the eve of the battle of waterloo ? renée ’ s favor easily by obeying the first command she ever imposed on me . stopped ,	124.79234313964844
as if struck by a sudden suspicion . papers of all sorts , <unk> , contracts , parchments , which were kept in the archives of the family , all descending from the poisoned cardinal , i in my turn examined the immense <unk> of documents , like twenty <unk> , <unk> , secretaries before me ; but in spite of the most <unk> researches , i <unk> . river the executioner approached milady , and bound her hands and feet . you escape . ” again with a slight smile , and retiring from the window , came out of the hostelry with a slow step , and placed himself before the horse , within two paces of d ’ artagnan . said the young girl .	100.18953704833984
distinguish the king from royalty ; the king is but a man ; royalty is the gift of god . , and proposed to him to accompany me , endeavoring to tempt him by all the promises most likely to dazzle the imagination of a child of twelve . ” his eyes and fainted . ” said the inspector ; then , turning to the governor , “ on my word , the poor devil touches me . , and raising his arm in sign of distress above the waves : “ pity , pity on me , gentlemen , in heaven ’ s name ! then ? ” said porthos . produce any witnesses to the truth of what you have asserted ? ’ — ‘ alas	113.29901885986328
, no , monsieur , ’ replied the count ; ‘ all those who surrounded the vizier , or who knew me at his court , are either dead or gone away , i know not where . has just disappeared amid a cloud of dust , has furnished me with a living image of the <unk> of the things of the earth . an eternal friend of madame de villefort . ” , his smiling mouth had assumed the firm and marked lines which betoken resolution ; his eyebrows were arched beneath a brow furrowed with thought ; his eyes were full of melancholy , and from their depths occasionally sparkled gloomy fires of misanthropy and hatred ; his complexion , so long kept from the sun	210.335693359375
, had now that pale color which produces , when the features are encircled with black hair , the aristocratic beauty of the man of the north ; the profound learning he had acquired had besides diffused over his features a refined intellectual expression ; and he had also acquired , being naturally of a <unk> stature , that vigor which a frame possesses which has so long concentrated all its force within itself . added she to comminges . required but one glance at mademoiselle danglars to comprehend the justness of morcerf ’ s remark . from the few words which escaped from d ’ artagnan , what affair was in hand , and as they thought that overtaking his man , or losing sight of him	251.6267852783203
, d ’ artagnan would return to his rooms , they kept on their way . monte cristo “ there is only one source of uneasiness left in your father ’ s mind , which is <unk> is anxious to know how you have been employed during your long absence from him , how you have been treated by your persecutors , and if they have conducted themselves towards you with all the deference due to your rank . the cardinal with a stupefied air . father my fears that he had wanted many things in my absence , and to convince me he emptied his purse on the table . will drink bordeaux , and in ten years we will marry his son to the little queen	111.75042724609375
. ” m. coquenard , whose little gray eyes sparkled with anger at seeing his cousin all blazing new . raoul , “ especially in expression . ” m. de villefort , who sat half bowed over in his chair , offering him consolation , encouragement , and protestations of zeal and sympathy . , but none was yet found . , and the rochellais did not surrender . try . almost with terror . <unk> , who are dead ; and when he was alone in the world , i tried by absolute devotion to his will , to make up to him all he had done for me during ten years of <unk> kindness . do you hear , henrietta ? know it . ” morning	132.08627319335938
that , tired of letting his property lie <unk> in italy , which is a dead nation , he wished to find a method , either in france or england , of multiplying his millions , but remember , that though i place great confidence in busoni , i am not responsible for this . ” motionless position for some time after his two friends had regained their carriage ; then suddenly unfastening his horse from the little tree to which his servant had tied it , he mounted and galloped off in the direction of paris . in a small waiting-room , ready to obey the summons of a small golden bell , or to receive the orders of the romaic slave , who knew just enough	182.3419952392578
french to be able to transmit her mistress ’ s wishes to the three other <unk> ; the latter had received most <unk> instructions from monte cristo to treat haydée with all the deference they would observe to a queen . ” resumed the englishman , “ are these men of yours dangerous ? ” better now . ” . ” athos , it may easily be understood that the young man was not very uneasy about porthos . said the young men ; “ you have probably guessed right . ” the owner of the project gutenberg™ trademark , but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation . who broke parry ’ s head and is now getting	113.4559097290039
ready to break ours . ” , ” said valentine . began digging and enlarging the hole ; still i found nothing , nothing—the chest was no longer there ! ” with this affair . think ? ” four minutes . that very spot , on the same rock , he had been violently dragged by the guards , who forced him to ascend the slope at the points of their bayonets . for a better to sail round the world . ” girl on the head , he continued , “ haydée is very courageous , and she sometimes even finds consolation in the recital of her misfortunes . ” the hat , took out one of the three papers and disdainfully dropped it on the table	126.52233123779297
without reading it . me ? ” asked harrison of d ’ artagnan . that it even extended to aramis and porthos . door and called out to a waiter to desire madeleine to come upstairs . that i served the piedmont regiment and had the honor of being a sergeant ? ” du vallon every night . , make verses ? ” asked raoul , naively , “ i thought it was <unk> . ” left the hotel , completely disguised , took a cabriolet , and ordered the driver to take him to the <unk> rouge , at <unk> . they had heard no tidings of her whatever , only that she must have made her escape through the garden , on the sand of which	107.05387878417969
her footsteps could be traced , and the door of which had been found shut . of persons condemned to suffer , their names , and description of the death they are to die . ” for such a cause ; but in return for a slow , profound , eternal torture , i would give back the same , were it possible ; an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth , as the <unk> say , —our masters in everything , <unk> favored creatures who have formed for themselves a life of dreams and a paradise of realities . ” de morcerf , countess , whom i left in pursuit of his unknown about seven o ’ clock this evening , ” said	154.33697509765625
franz , “ and whom i have not seen since . ” castle , d ’ artagnan thought of the miseries of poor human nature , always dissatisfied with what it has , ever desirous of what it has not . though momentary silence , which was broken by aramis . assure you , will be tried on his arrival in london ; i have heard enough from the lips of oliver cromwell to know what to expect . ” villefort , “ there is something to fear besides death , old age , and madness . that i promise to do all you wish if you allow me to accompany you where you are going . ” lamp he saw a woman , wrapped in a dark	88.82160949707031
mantle , seated upon a stool near a dying fire . the louvre without difficulty . , and placed themselves at table . on valentine ’ s hand . said , extending his hand in the direction of the first compartment examined by d ’ artagnan and himself . you , accordingly , that i have pitched upon to conduct the king and the queen to saint germain . ” saw the shattered vessel , and among the fragments the floating forms of the <unk> sailors . to cause you any remorse ; believe me , then , when i swear to you that you have <unk> no man , but on the contrary have benefited mankind . ” himself the trouble to dissemble , and displayed it	116.33855438232422
with affectation before the queen . in spite of himself . villefort , attracted by the noise , appeared on the threshold . the cardinal looked at himself in the glass with a feeling of self-satisfaction . athos , whose real name that was , and who made a sign with his head that all was true which the executioner had said . voice ! —where did i first hear it ? ” , gentlemen ? ” well as if i had made them myself . ” same time , escaped by shedding his skin like a snake ; but the new skin was spotted by the poison till it looked like a tiger ’ s . a brave fellow , ” said athos , pressing the young	105.2833023071289
man ’ s hand . , as de winter has died ; as for me , i will fly only on condition that we all fly together . ” a young woman of five or <unk> , with a dark complexion , and light and lustrous eyes , veiled beneath long lashes . s something , for i have not the shadow of one , ” said athos coolly ; “ but as to d ’ artagnan , gentlemen , the idea of belonging to <unk> has driven him out of his senses . that i crushed for him a parliament councillor . ” having conversed for a minute with her whom he awaited . ” her beautiful hand to the cardinal and showed him a superb diamond	109.14002990722656
which sparkled on her finger . to all minds , and the general opinion was that the complete ruin of the unfortunate shipowner had been postponed only until the end of the month . that his eyes might look over the curtain . , then albert . paces from them , a man advanced from behind a tree and aimed at vampa . for the rue férou , and even exceeded it ; you ought to be satisfied . ” which lasted until all the flowers were removed . ” said the deputy , as dantès took his hat and gloves . for me to distinguish her features , i saw she was from eighteen to nineteen , tall and very fair . dear enough to be afraid	164.79315185546875
of death . ” that rang ? ” bowed , and departed . ’ s horse refused to go on ; he could not breathe ; one last spur , instead of making him advance , made him fall . how is it that your eminence complained just now of want of information ? ” it did . that foolish girl , who pretends to wish to speak to me , not come into my study ? ” ” said the count . of course not . thy gold , shroud thy splendor , exchange riches for poverty , liberty for a prison , a living body for a corpse ! ” remember , porthos , we saw her at general cromwell ’ s ? ” but lower	146.7744140625
than before ; he was even paler than mercédès . emerald , and the largest i have ever seen , ” said château-renaud , “ although my mother has some remarkable family jewels . ” wake of the ship , a speck near the enormous mass . of four young , brave , enterprising , and active men ought to have some other object than <unk> walks , fencing lessons , and practical jokes , more or less witty . the remainder of his pistoles in his pocket . longer surrounded by that dark line which nights of <unk> pencil too infallibly , seemed larger , more liquid than ever . far as i could judge from the sight of him . ” perfectly <unk> a complexion !	231.41627502441406
said aramis , “ there are no women at your dinner . ” such a manner that kitty remained in her great <unk> . in a large black doublet , in which the whole of his slender body was concealed , was <unk> and dry . the world . house , and as they had reason every moment to fear for their safety , they occupied but one room and provided an exit , which might be useful in case of an attack . ” , when broussel made his entrance into paris in a large carriage , having his son louvieres at his side and friquet behind the vehicle , the people threw themselves in his way and cries of “ long live broussel ! ” “	128.2806396484375
long live our father ! ” resounded from all parts and was death to mazarin ’ s ears ; and the cardinal ’ s spies brought bad news from every direction , which greatly agitated the minister , but was calmly received by the queen . at <unk> ; the quarters of the king were sometimes at <unk> , sometimes at <unk> ; the cardinal ’ s quarters were upon the downs , at the bridge of la pierre , in a simple house without any entrenchment . ” every place for grimaud , they took a crossroad which conducted the little troop by the bank of a small stream flowing into the lys . ” said planchet , “ you must buy me a watch . ”	132.78330993652344
see those beings to whom you allude ? ” not only allow it , but boast of it ; it is one of the reasons of my success in commercial business . replied , “ only hark how he sighs ! said athos , “ we are satisfied ; we came here only to express our loyalty and to say that we are at your lordship ’ s service and his most faithful servants . ” that the garrison of the castle of yanina , fatigued with long service—— ” the latter , “ since that heart is no longer with you in the bois de vincennes , it is elsewhere , and i must go and find it . ” these feat by heart yonder , down	126.50453186035156
at pierrefonds , and i have done all that he did except breaking a cord by the <unk> of my temples . ” a spot upon his heart ? —it would have been more simple . ” as softly as possible , kitty turned the key of the lock , and then d ’ artagnan opened the closet door . is not the sword that should be employed ; it is the poniard . ” removed into another chamber ; but the eyes of the young man were accustomed to the night . surprised than ever at the tone and manners of the abbé d ’ herblay , which contrasted so strongly with those of the musketeer aramis , remained staring with wide-open eyes at the face of	108.01030731201172
his friend . mother , it is necessary , in order to make your advice turn to account , that i should know beforehand what i have to distrust . king , my son , and can never be so while they are alive . . ” said athos . <unk> ? ” desire to study this living <unk> more closely , and to endeavor to understand the secret part played by these <unk> when they occupy themselves simply with pulling different pieces of string . ” said aramis to athos , “ does the coadjutor intend to indulge himself in the pleasure of making us cool our hearts off in his ante-chamber ? ” returned franz , “ you are more susceptible than <unk> , who was	100.46610260009766
a <unk> , and yet no one believed her ; while you , at least , are sure of the <unk> of half your audience . considering the singular shudder that had passed over the count of monte cristo at the moment when he had been , in some sort , forced to give his hand to albert . with mazarin . ” ! him a <unk> . ” ! ” whispered mme . one of my <unk> is all i can say when i am asked why i praise it . first repaid , my son , and respect this man . ” paper . ? not be deceived ; this was murder in every sense of the word . ” what m. de villefort promised you	68.45889282226562
, ” said the gendarme , “ but i know we are taking you to the château d ’ if . other side of the french frontier , and offer him hospitality at bourges . ” ? ” ! ” of musketeers . ” s mansion , they perceived the phaeton and servant of m. andrea cavalcanti . looks fall upon him which make a slave of a king . ” asked château-renaud . ” , ” replied the owner , “ and that is not saying much . ” said villefort , “ you forget that i was obliged to give a mother to my child . ” to look magnificent in it , and chose that regiment only from vanity . ” do not thank me	58.53689956665039
? ” the same expression pervading the countenances of her two auditors ; she continued : sent for the notary ; the first will was torn up and a second made , in which he left the whole of his fortune to valentine , on condition that she should never be separated from him . ; yes , we shall yet have happy days ! was it but a dream ? by no means penetrate the sombre depths of cromwell ’ s . a resigned victim ; it was impossible to imagine a more submissive or a more mild expression than that which prevailed on her beautiful countenance . the little <unk> through which they were about to pass and the rock where the young man stood with	170.35006713867188
bare head and crossed arms . , then ? ” asked dantès , who after believing himself free , now began to feel a <unk> alarm . milady , “ since you are as generous as you are <unk> ” ? ” he said . here—the woman with the embroidered handkerchief . ” he played . will . ” of that in what you have just related to me . ” <unk> , neither of them was inclined to sleep . ; he has faith in his friends ; he wishes also to have faith in his queen . said she , in her turn . ” ! blow of your fist , if you can ; we will not fire but at the last extremity . ”	80.4332275390625
great noise beneath his window . d ’ artagnan listened to these details with increasing interest ; before grimaud had finished he rose without noise and putting his mouth to aramis ’ s ear , and at the same time touching him on the shoulder to prevent a sudden movement : , d ’ artagnan ! ” said he ; “ this woman must be tried , not assassinated . without doing so ? man ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . ? ” said porthos , a broad smile spreading over his honest face . given proof of this ; for , approaching the animals , who had been got upon their legs with considerable difficulty , he rubbed their <unk> and nostrils with a sponge <unk>	103.24009704589844
in <unk> <unk> , and wiped off the sweat and foam that covered their mouths . . wine in your tavern ? ” asked athos . , how <unk> he is ! mousqueton like a thunderbolt . of debray , château-renaud , and beauchamp . like a plume of feathers from the black chimney . . , the only one left standing , they bore jussac , cahusac , and one of aramis ’ s adversaries who was only wounded , under the porch of the convent . the wounded man , “ believe me , there is no time to lose ; the ball has broken the thigh bone and entered the intestines . ” the country where she lived . ” water , but a kind	115.9098129272461
of staircase had been fixed to the lower walls ; and the only difference was , that instead of entering by the doors , people entered by the windows . ” andrea , “ you are <unk> upon me ? ” they make a night ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , drawing more pistoles from his pocket . bottle . ” the sum , mother ; the other will be paid in a year . ” the example of madame de morcerf and her son . ” on his face , covered with a cold sweat , that d ’ artagnan took pity on him , and casting upon him a look of contempt , “ stop , ” said he , “ i will show you	49.237972259521484
the difference between a man of courage and such a coward as you . ” replied the tutor ; “ but in heaven ’ s name do not expose yourself to danger ! ” master stroke , too , i assure you . i speculate when i already have so much trouble in regulating my income ? meantime ? ” a half-pistole may have . , overwhelmed with grief at this public humiliation . moment one of the greatest ladies in paris , ” replied caderousse . utter amazement . and eat . ” but as i maintain that the orders of the king , and more particularly the orders of the cardinal , should be <unk> ” he , “ you are aware that valentine is about	100.91636657714844
to enter her <unk> year , which renders it important that she should lose no time in forming a suitable alliance . perhaps sent him to paris , as he did the horses . much money as i want ; mother assunta always <unk> me when i ask for it ! who , to please the count whom he regards as god on earth , will assist him in contriving mazarin ’ s escape , if mazarin has the wit to weep or play the chivalric . ” all , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ let no one move . ” cried danglars , “ this fellow is more like an ogre than anything else ; however , i am rather too old and tough to	157.22100830078125
be very good eating ! ” in the spanish fashion ; you wore a robe of green satin embroidered with gold and silver , hanging sleeves knotted upon your beautiful <unk> lovely <unk> large diamonds . bertuccio planted an entirely bare court with poplars , large spreading sycamores to shade the different parts of the house , and in the <unk> , instead of the usual <unk> , half hidden by the grass , there extended a lawn but that morning laid down , and upon which the water was yet glistening . cause of the pretty rooms looking out upon the court of the bell hotel , which with its triple galleries like those of a theatre , with the jessamine and clematis <unk> round the light	353.8800354003906
columns , forms one of the prettiest <unk> to an inn that you can imagine . old , and <unk> to the family . the country . ” them , sire ? andrea , — “ my servant ’ s coat and my hat ? ” bowed his noble head . of his hearing ; at the slightest sound he rose and hastened to the door , convinced they were about to liberate him , but the sound died away , and dantès sank again into his seat . his protection ? ” to your house and has left this for you , saying that the letter was important and must be given to you before you left . ” now ? ” of this treasure , which	96.35919189453125
for staking my diamond ! ” replied d ’ artagnan , closing his hand with a nervous spasm . are joking , my worthy man ! ” said d ’ artagnan . the exercise which invigorated monte cristo , was sleeping in an armchair near the window , while the count was <unk> with his architect the plan of a conservatory in his house , when the sound of a horse at full speed on the high road made albert look up . ” whispered the governor , “ it is just as i told you . ” <unk> below , is of the same title as ebook 2681 and its contents <unk> those of two other volumes : it includes all the chapters of ebook 2609 and	120.35942840576172
the first 28 chapters of 2681 ] my way here , a vessel was coming into port . ” , signor sinbad , ” said franz , “ to ask you the particulars of this kindness ? ” before going to beauchamp with your witnesses , seek further information on the subject . ” in military style . herself , ” said d ’ artagnan . asked the guardsman , with the same jeering air . let me carry it out and we shall laugh . ” will find out some <unk> or <unk> princess ; he will want a crown , an el <unk> , and <unk> . ” being warmed ; come . ” ’ artagnan . which now threatens you will pursue you everywhere ;	105.66372680664062
your servants will be seduced with gold , and death will be offered to you disguised in every shape . but still the town resounded with those noises that disclose a city in a state of siege . . have a physician called ? ” said the woman . some crime , pursued by human justice , from which i can protect you ? ” out the drawings ? ” ? ” asked milady . although in all probability her heart beat somewhat faster than usual , went out in her turn . by my soul ’ s salvation , my faith as a christian , i have told everything to you as it occurred , and as the <unk> angel will tell it to the ear of	130.52464294433594
god at the day of the last judgment ! ” edmond determined to assist the indefatigable laborer . my plans , ” pursued aramis ; “ the coadjutor gave me sixty men ; twenty guard the walls of the park , twenty the road from rueil to saint germain , twenty are dispersed in the woods . raoul , and i bequeath to you my revenge . pens and ink ? ” along , and let ’ s see if they keep watch at the <unk> as at the barriere des sergens . ” think not , ” replied monte cristo ; “ dormice are bad neighbors for us who do not eat them preserved , as the romans did . ” years of his life to possess	173.13519287109375
this sword . you accused ? ” in all cases to know that , whether acting for or against him , as a friend or an enemy , she would not remain motionless without great impediments ; but whence did these impediments arise ? run to the door ; he had left the key in it , taking the simple precaution of turning it twice in the lock . that cost me , monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ” added that in case the coadjutor should appear on the field of battle it would be a pity that he should not be distinguished in the <unk> by wearing a red hat , as henry iv . said , “ all you have told me is perfectly true ,	136.52792358398438
then , and i may believe it in every particular . ” . ” monte cristo . to confirm my own ideas , ” said franz , “ that the countess ’ s suspicions were destitute alike of sense and reason . colonel , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ we are very grateful for your gracious invitation ; for without you we ran the risk of going without dinner , as we have without breakfast . for <unk> to be seen by this fellow , ” continued the stranger . take your chance and be arrested with me ? ” do with this same letter while returning from porto-ferrajo to the vessel ? ” with more perseverance and fury than ever , since fear <unk> me	89.97486114501953
, not my conscience . ” over some means of escape for his young companion , and anticipating the pleasure he would enjoy . palpitating more than ever , entered the courtyard without dismounting . in triumph like monsieur broussel and athos would proclaim me the french brutus . you back to your mass book , master abbé . ” replied the coadjutor ; “ i have to beg you to reflect twice ere you cause a civil war in the kingdom . ” loved d ’ artagnan like a child , and this <unk> and inflexible personage felt the anxiety of a parent for the young man . afraid ; he is not so much of a devil as he appears . ” twofold request you well	170.7986297607422
knew we did not wish to secure the throne of louis xviii. , or we should not take so much care to avoid the vigilance of the police . accept a little souvenir , a magnificent spanish _genet_ and an andalusian mule , which were beautiful to look upon . ! ’ i ’ faith , the <unk> word is out . ” ? ” same road , but with more difficulty and less diligence . to suppose such a resemblance should exist between two jewels . ” in the guards and not in the <unk> ” ” said he , “ the letter was true to the end ? ” being alone , struck a light and lighted a small bit of tinder , mounted his horse	139.37359619140625
and stopped at the door in the midst of the soldiers . know ? ” from his master , placed himself on this line , raised himself on his hind paws , and holding in his front paws a wand with which clothes used to be beaten , he began to dance upon the line with as many contortions as a <unk> . help with all the power of his strong voice , aramis ran to the table to get a glass of water ; but he stopped at seeing the horrible alteration that had taken place in the countenance of athos , who , standing before the table , his hair rising from his head , his eyes fixed in stupor , was looking at one of	99.65403747558594
the glasses , and appeared a prey to the most horrible doubt . continued mazarin , finishing , as it were , the speech this sudden movement of the queen had cut ; “ i wish , in fact , that you should now do for your husband what you formerly did for your lover . ” with listening and smiling without replying a word . , ” she said , “ i rely upon you . ” are about , gentlemen ! ” said a clear voice which seemed accustomed to command . , or rather , an <unk> garde , composed of d ’ artagnan and athos . thirty-six or thirty-seven years of age , hair , mustaches , and royal , all began to be	92.56761169433594
gray . advance your outfit , ” said athos ; “ for if i am not mistaken , you have left the best of your <unk> with milady , and she will certainly not have the politeness to return it to you . ! ” said monte cristo , “ you appear to be relating an adventure which we all know by heart . refund of any money paid by a user who notifies you in writing ( or by e-mail ) within 30 days of receipt that s/he does not agree to the terms of the full project gutenberg™ license . de winter that his prisoner has <unk> this event not having been foreseen , i don ’ t know what to do . ” said aramis	109.53887939453125
. i think you are right , lucien , ” said albert <unk> . employed by milady in observing the young man who listened to her , milady continued her recital . nervous and slight form had succeeded the solidity of a rounded and <unk> figure . down to breakfast ? le comte , that you had something to communicate to me at your chateau of bragelonne , and that gentleman ” —he pointed to <unk> “ had also something to tell me when i was in his convent . . ” , “ be still , edward ! ” she then added , “ this young madcap is , however , very nearly right , and merely <unk> what he has heard me say with pain a	126.62970733642578
hundred times ; for mademoiselle de villefort is , in spite of all we can do to rouse her , of a melancholy disposition and taciturn habit , which frequently injure the effect of her beauty . in the morning the straw was worth eighty francs a truss and there was no more to be had . hearing this song , which made him lose sight of andrea in the recollection of benedetto , madame danglars was boasting to monte cristo of her husband ’ s strength of mind , who that very morning had lost three or four hundred thousand francs by a failure at milan . my dear fellow ; you must change your clothes , as <unk> said to <unk> . ” said the duke	123.07139587402344
. . ” cost you ? ” all , ” he said ; “ you can not live upon your fifteen thousand francs . ” shed your blood . ” the prisoner , when the door was shut , “ i am not so far advanced as i believed . inclination to see the person who kept watch over him . same hour , the jailer came again . rather than yesterday or tomorrow ? the palais royal , formerly styled the palais cardinal , a man was sitting in deep reverie , his head supported on his hands , leaning over a gilt and inlaid table which was covered with letters and papers . parry , ” said he , “ what is the matter , and	77.05603790283203
what can affect you in this manner ? ” four horses as well as one . house . ” the crowd , which had flowed in from the adjacent street was still greater ; like an impetuous mob , a wave of human beings came to meet the carriage and rolled <unk> into the rue saint honore . . ” , rich as a gold mine , one of the noblest families in tuscany , who , when his sons married according to his wish , gave them millions ; and when they married against his consent , merely allowed them thirty crowns a month . porthos , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that ’ s the very thing it came into my head to do	140.8883819580078
. ” château-renaud , “ it is not morcerf coming in that carriage ; <unk> , it is franz and debray ! ” bounded back and , bending his bare head , tried to distinguish in the gloom the features of the lieutenant . would become mine , count , ” replied morrel ; “ besides , as i had the honor to tell you , heroism or not , sacrifice or not , that day i owed an offering to bad fortune in recompense for the favors good fortune had on other days granted to us . ” rest , ” replied athos . the demands of the rebels and to the tone in which they stated them ? fellow , it is not at all incredible	124.24235534667969
. fate at aquapendente . ” ” replied the officer . point you desire information , and i will tell all i know ; only , ” added he , with a smile , “ i warn you i know very little . ” by him who died for us that <unk> shall induce me to breathe one syllable to my jailers ; but i conjure you do not abandon me . and our only regret is to die so far from both of you . ” , the transteverin the citizen , everyone blowing , extinguishing , <unk> . been the sword and he was delighted whenever he could draw it from the scabbard , no matter for whom or against whom . he had desired his	119.62528228759766
guest to be shown , with the purpose of overwhelming him at the sight of so much luxury . valentine , timidly , “ does all the father ’ s shame revert upon the son ? ” said the light-horseman . footman sprang off the box and opened the door . when you asked me to propose you . ? ” asked porthos . see him ? ” said , “ i am an abbé , it is true , but i am so against my will . was no longer a man , he was a devil ! please ? ” <unk> i struggle against such remembrances as he has left ; but that i am not ambitious i am going to prove to you . ,	65.86708068847656
and read it with the greatest attention ; then , when he had arrived at the end of it , he read it a second time . saw diavolaccio bearing the young girl in his arms . had been so long forgotten , returned ; he recollected the prayers his mother had taught him , and discovered a new meaning in every word ; for in prosperity prayers seem but a mere <unk> of words , until misfortune comes and the unhappy sufferer first understands the meaning of the sublime language in which he invokes the pity of heaven ! ? ” , grimaud looked at the clock ; it was hardly a quarter-past six . furious ; it was very evident that something desperate was passing in	157.92095947265625
the old man ’ s mind , for a cry of anger and grief rose in his throat , and not being able to find vent in utterance , appeared almost to choke him , for his face and lips turned quite purple with the struggle . ” replied franz , “ that we will do ourselves the pleasure of calling on him . ” the host , “ we will do all in our power to procure you <unk> is all i can say . ” a cousin who has undertaken this sad office . , ” said grimaud , “ until the last moment . ” ” replied caderousse , “ we can not console those who will not be consoled , and he was one	68.87889862060547
of these ; besides , i know not why , but he seemed to dislike seeing me . he had <unk> by the bed of <unk> that was there ; but it was in vain that he carried his torch all round the exterior surface of the grotto . invite m. and madame de morcerf to your dinner ? ” teresa listened timidly and with downcast eyes to the conversation of her cavalier , as luigi could read in the ardent looks of the <unk> young man that his language was that of praise , it seemed as if the whole world was turning round with him , and all the voices of hell were whispering in his ears ideas of murder and assassination . announcement of peace	147.95387268066406
. us pay a visit to the king ’ s treasurer and then set off . ” s orders , ” said he , “ conduct the prisoner to the <unk> beneath . ” in consequence addressed to general de quesnel , begging him to be present at the meeting next day , the 5th . his vest a cross of diamonds , which was hung around his neck by a chain of pearls . danglars , “ i tell you again i have nothing whatever to do with it ; besides , you know very well that i tore the paper to pieces . ” door opened ; i was lying on the floor , for my strength began to abandon me . the old man .	70.36537170410156
, ali , and baptistin will go . ” take him with me ? ” of july , <unk> , —why , it is but seventeen months . ” of the phlegmatic englishman . appear , things were to go on as had been agreed ; mme . before we sit down , i must demand your answer . ” of the family , and at the same time one of the cleverest men of the day , and very fond of valentine , whose birth he had witnessed . was hired by a very rich gentleman who was supposed to be a sicilian or maltese ; but the host was unable to decide to which of the two nations the traveller belonged . he was rich ;	117.82453155517578
the young man might easily guess that with so weak a man as m. bonacieux ; and interest was almost foreign to this commencement of love , which had been the consequence of it . as did their servants . for the loss of thy place . ” and raised his eyes and arms towards heaven . if he is recommended to you , and the recommendation seems good . ” madame , ” said he , “ for the deference you have shown to my wishes , but i think you want two of the studs , and i bring them back to you . ” it , sir ; ” and the guide went out . ask for some men of good will for a dangerous	91.01483917236328
mission , but one which will do honor to those who shall accomplish it ; and i made you a sign in order that you might hold yourself in readiness . ” or third time , monsieur , that you have repeated that name , and yet i have told you that i do not know him . ” sir ; a great loss . ” friends leaped from their horses and entered . porthos , “ the man aramis wants me to strangle . ” would do better still by not going at all . ” in the way of honor , but very little in the way of wealth ; so that when the illustrious companion of the great henry died , the only inheritance he	92.92818450927734
was able to leave his son was his sword and his motto . ! ” for paris . <unk> . the head of the guards , marched first ; then came the royal carriage , with d ’ artagnan on one side , porthos on the other ; then the musketeers , for two and twenty years staunch friends of d ’ artagnan . , and you did not show any <unk> was your duty ; today you serve napoleon , and you ought to protect him—it is equally your duty ; i come , therefore , to ask what has become of him ? ” de la fere live here ? ” asked planchet . moment , surprised , but immediately recovering himself , he bowed with	81.67882537841797
an air which seemed to say , “ as you please , madame . ” . ” , ” returned albert ; “ italian cigars are horrible . porthos , “ it is always that . said d ’ artagnan , “ will lend his , which is of no use to him , to the comte de la fere . ” ” had been made by a man quite drunk to one who was half drunk ; and yet , in spite of the <unk> which the vapor of three or four bottles of burgundy carries with it to the brain , d ’ artagnan , when awaking on the following morning , had all the words of athos as present to his memory as if they	53.80323791503906
then fell from his <unk> had been so impressed upon his mind . his concealment , waited in vain the signal to recommence his work . , but phantoms . , the captain ’ s name is roger and the skiff is called the lightning . the <unk> was published in london that no vessel bound for france should leave port , not even the packet boat with letters . island seemed to lift from the sea , and the air was so clear that they could already distinguish the rocks heaped on one another , like cannon balls in an arsenal , with green bushes and trees growing in the crevices . diamond , withdrew his hand . do so , monseigneur , ” replied the gascon	207.86459350585938
, with a noble confidence . ! ” replied porthos . change his workman ’ s clothes for his chestnut-colored suit , and porthos to put on his red doublet . ” answered porthos , rising on his saddle , in order that he might <unk> the immense crowd , “ there are a lot of them . ” passed by . ramee ; in faith , ’ tis time you came back again . seven o ’ clock in the morning that a rope ladder floated from one of the windows of the castle ; he had hastened to milady ’ s chamber , had found it empty , the window open , and the bars <unk> , had remembered the verbal caution d ’ artagnan had	85.3587646484375
transmitted to him by his messenger , had trembled for the duke , and running to the stable without taking time to have a horse saddled , had jumped upon the first he found , had galloped off like the wind , had alighted below in the courtyard , had ascended the stairs precipitately , and on the top step , as we have said , had encountered felton . have been five years in the bastile and that no medium of viewing things is so deceptive as the grating of a prison . ” literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state ’ s laws . was writing his will flashed across her ; she shuddered ,	270.6802673339844
and yet had not strength to utter a word . the hotel of the _cheval rouge_ , but after leaning an instant against the door , and hearing the last sound of the cab , which was disappearing from view , he went on his road , and with a <unk> stride soon traversed the space of two leagues . ? ” asked albert of franz , when they had returned to their own apartments ; “ you seem more than commonly thoughtful . ” he wants <unk> . we have just described , namely towards five o ’ clock in the afternoon of the day fixed for the signature of the contract between mademoiselle eugénie danglars and andrea cavalcanti , whom the banker persisted in calling prince	131.32286071777344
, a fresh breeze was <unk> the leaves in the little garden in front of the count of monte cristo ’ s house , and the count was preparing to go out . you . ” the remedy i propose , and only ask you to permit me to assure you of its efficacy . ” the window ; the street was completely deserted , but in the distance was heard , like the noise of the tide rushing in , the deep hum of the populous waves increasing now around notre dame . the notary ; “ it is very evident that m. noirtier is desirous of making his will . ” is like one ; pray let us come more to the point , and endeavor	99.15312957763672
thoroughly to understand each other . ” master , and kept at a distance of ten paces from him . <unk> “ if mademoiselle danglars were disposed to take pity on my supposed martyrdom on her account , and would dispense with all matrimonial formalities between our two families , i am ready to agree to the arrangement . i couldn ’ t find that out , ” said porthos , scratching his head ; “ it is so simple . ” honor . ” an equipage with four horses , at full speed , was seen to draw up suddenly ; it contained monte cristo . i know this great lady . ” murmured anne of austria , who had not the courage to find fault with	118.48331451416016
the duke for having so well preserved her portrait in his heart , “ what folly to feed a useless passion with such remembrances ! ” of his pocket , he unfolded it slowly . sir ? ” asked morrel , with a sickness of heart . the count , “ shall i then be permitted to love again ? to forget it . a quarter of an hour and just as twilight was beginning to thicken , a carriage appeared , coming at a quick pace on the road of sèvres . , ” said the mendicant , opening the door and bending low before the prelate . but one fights only with equals . ” to me living evidence that i am not a hideous exception	141.37635803222656
to the rest . men represented the body of the army , whilst olivain , with his <unk> upon his knee and his eyes upon the watch , protected the rear . the guards laughed in chorus ; grimaud , however , did not even smile . you knew him ? ” portion of the garden was her favorite walk . , an eye on the watch , observing the movements of the enemy and taking advantage of the accidents of the ground , d ’ artagnan succeeded in reaching the second soldier . produced and distributed project gutenberg™ ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support . found himself with danglars , who had advanced to meet him . went down from the scaffold in his	139.59788513183594
turn and took his way to the hotel , whistling the air of a song in praise of cromwell . the young men with the moderation of a good <unk> . placed it on a projecting stone above the bed , whence its tremulous light fell with strange and fantastic ray on the distorted countenance and motionless , stiffened body . know , i am very glad to hear you give that testimony ; the cardinal has some good in him , and if he were not a <unk> , he would be more justly estimated . albert with all the cajolery of which he was capable . because he is a bold fellow that he is the more to be feared . ” , ” he answered	143.26162719726562
, trembling . help . had sprung before him and barred his passage . , it is your turn to get out , ” said mme . you love me as much as you say , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ do you not entertain a little fear on my account ? ” proofs against him . ” morrel ; “ i am not mistaken . ” said he , “ what does this mean ? ” recognized me , sir. ” debray stepped forward , and cordially pressed the hand of his interlocutor . cried athos . near , she became silent for fear of being heard , applying , with a gesture of infinite terror , her beautiful hand to felton ’ s mouth	67.47001647949219
. this mysterious count is a bachelor ? ” proper title i should be a lord . comprehend now ? ” inquired faria . his name monte cristo ? ” with equal rapidity ; the <unk> horses , dispersed over seven stages , brought them to their destination in eight hours . ” said the abbé , as , opening his ragged <unk> , he showed dantès a long , sharp <unk> , with a small <unk> eye for the thread , a small portion of which still remained in it . voice , whose mournful accents , reaching the four friends , seemed to proceed from some phantom of the ocean . irksome office to be the father of a <unk> daughter ; it seems to make	153.07020568847656
one feverish , and to raise one ’ s pulse to ninety beats a minute until the deed is done . ” difficulty , alleging their fear of depriving him of it ; but the count replied that , as he was going to the <unk> theatre , the box at the argentina theatre would be lost if they did not profit by it . what you want , and you will answer by these two words , ‘ tours ’ and ‘ <unk> ’ he will at once put himself at your orders . ” ’ artagnan that will come . ” of mud of the same appearance . lot , i hope to die for the king , for royalty and for god . another age	146.78184509277344
, constructed by the genii of earth and water . ” to a mysterious and fatal influence which that name had over them ; the mere sound of it filled them with terror . frightened , then ? ” asked beauchamp . energy and courage , was quickly alive to these two virtues in others . whether i ought to tell you what i suspect . ” , who are devoted to me for life and death , mount guard around this apartment , and watch all the passages that lead to the courtyard . stammered dantès . moments thoughtful . ” replied maximilian , “ and rich enough to support you . of the highest interest , and upon which our future fortune perhaps depends . ”	133.1626739501953
the smoke ascended like the dull vapor from a volcano ; but still no prisoner fell down , as they expected . you follow the instructions i am about to give you . ” hood as soon as i saw him , but perhaps it was too late . ” just power to give one parting look to her grandfather , who in losing her seemed to be resigning his very soul . beaten ! an occurrence as this ? —a false telegraphic <unk> is almost impossible for wrong signals to be made as they were in the last two <unk> . ascertain the name of the piece to be played that night at the teatro argentina , and also what <unk> appeared in it . one thing	191.3543701171875
, that , being unwilling to let such talents as mine sleep , i wished to try upon the arabs the new pistols that had been given to me . . ” villefort , closing the door after him , “ it is i , who am come in my turn to ask you if we are quite alone . discover a bitter taste ? ” foot , athos presided over it better than any other , placing every guest exactly in the rank which his ancestors had earned for him or that he had made for himself . <unk> , french dramatist ( <unk> ) . of a hundred pistoles , and pardon me . ” he who spoke to me , sir , ” said dantès	125.6300048828125
, with a smile . , i tell you the simple truth . ” justice , either , you ass ! any longer . ” me to marry m. franz d ’ épinay ? ” observed valentine . resolved to suffer no longer , but to have everything he wanted . calmness and method as if he had been <unk> in a fencing school . a house to themselves . sit up for me ? ” , ” returned raoul , blushing still more deeply , “ i know no more than i did before . is a worthy <unk> ” he left the porter to ponder on these words , not knowing which most to admire , the master or the servant . ” to have me	91.70038604736328
arrested , you are able to have me tortured , you are able to have me hanged ; you are the master , and i could not have the least word to say . fault , it declares that it is on the track ; and the government patiently awaits the day when it comes to say , with a <unk> air , that the track is lost . ” de boville ’ s study . ” servant who had taken barrois ’ s situation , and in noirtier ’ s name gave that order . ? ” asked a voice . and , whatever d ’ artagnan might think of it , it was obvious that the citizens had for the night laid aside their usual forbearance	96.16934204101562
, in order to assume a warlike aspect . what had become of edmond . humble , half gallant attention , went away . franz , “ for the very three days it is most needed . ” not mean that , ” said he ; “ besides , here comes the confirmation of my assertion . ” the baron , “ is mortally wearied , and passes whole days in watching his miners at work at <unk> . ” setting off on an expedition , ‘ go , ’ said she ; ‘ at your return i will give you a <unk> ’ i questioned her , but in vain ; she would tell me nothing , and i departed . , his face shaded by a	109.00324249267578
forest of virgin hair , opened the door , and bowed with the air of a man forced at once to respect in another lofty stature , which indicated strength , the military dress , which indicated rank , and a <unk> countenance , which indicated familiarity with good living . pardons , ” said the count , “ there is nothing the matter , but i slipped down and broke one of your panes of glass with my elbow . costumes between now and tomorrow ? from being , or rather having been , so guilty toward you as he appears . ” proceed from the astonishment of innocence as well as the shame of guilt , conciliated some in his favor ; for men who are	157.517333984375
truly generous are always ready to compassionate when the misfortune of their enemy surpasses the limits of their hatred . up together , passing all their time with each other , and giving themselves up to the wild ideas of their different characters . sapphire again ; the one i mentioned to you had one of its faces scratched by accident . ” , he has only undertaken this war to obtain a look from his lady love . to speak to me , and ask for my assistance , for i was about to form another plan , and leave you ; but your age reassures me . sire , ” replied villefort . ” returned monte cristo , “ i do not see , in all	128.07461547851562
i have done , anything that merits , either from you or these gentlemen , the pretended eulogies i have received . place ; he who had just abandoned 5,000,000 endeavored to save the 50,000 francs he had left , and sooner than give them up he resolved to enter again upon a life of <unk> was <unk> by the <unk> that is a <unk> of madness . la carconte , rising and descending to the chamber with a tolerably firm step ; “ what diamond are you talking about ? ” wished to cry out , but an icy shiver ran through my veins and stifled my voice ; i fell lifeless , and fancied myself killed . , ” he said . ’ s reply ,	160.0399932861328
aramis seemed about to draw his sword , when athos prevented him . command him ? ” ” he said , “ pardon me ; we both are servants of the queen , are we not ? , as may have been observed , one personage concerned , of whom , notwithstanding his precarious position , we have appeared to take but very little notice . which were made this morning , m. noirtier de villefort must see the utter impossibility of any alliance being formed between his family and that of m. franz d ’ épinay . of the guards who had declared himself the friend of bois-tracy , “ besides , ” continued he , “ i have reflected , my dear intimate of bois-tracy ,	119.4776382446289
that i am not less tenderly his friend than you can possibly be ; so that decidedly this handkerchief is as likely to have fallen from your pocket as mine . ” annum would make four millions of capital . ” had executed their melancholy office , and wrapped the corpse in the winding-sheet , which , whatever may be said about the equality of death , is at least a last proof of the luxury so pleasing in life . really going ? ” one another and laughed ; they were caught . me , my good friend ? ” said m. de tréville . villefort , ” replied the doctor , with a tone which redoubled the terror of the young man , “ i have	98.70098114013672
not led you here to console you ; on the contrary—— ” right , ” said athos ; “ here are our three leaves of absence which came from monsieur de tréville , and here are three hundred pistoles which came from i don ’ t know where . sake , porthos my friend , reserve your feats of strength , or they will not have , when needed , the honor they deserve . for mousqueton to come to him . and the excursion a treat . both nations , and arrived at boulogne without accident . pay ? ” these four or five years and i don ’ t know where he is . ” ” said the host ; “ number 3 has two staircases	116.87723541259766
, <unk> and outside . ” me ? ” he asked . of reproach , “ ah , monsieur , i had your promise as a soldier and your word as a gentleman . ” cried d ’ artagnan , pale with anger , and with the sweat on his brow , “ it is he ! , ” replied athos , sorrowfully . taken was the bearer of a letter . astonishment . the sound of a _guzla_ reached the ears of the young men , but was almost immediately lost , for the rapid closing of the door merely allowed one rich swell of harmony to enter . hood followed through all their <unk> the looks of porthos , and perceived that they rested upon the	81.06117248535156
lady with the velvet cushion , the little negro , and the <unk> . you , albert , ” replied franz , “ the count is a very singular person , and the appointment you have made to meet him in paris fills me with a thousand apprehensions . ” said the old gascon gentleman , in that pure béarn <unk> of which henry iv . continued bonacieux , throwing himself at his eminence ’ s feet , “ ah , how truly you are the cardinal , the great cardinal , the man of genius whom all the world <unk> ! ” himself that more than difficult task . ” out athos ’ s horse ; the musketeer leaped lightly into the saddle . been subject to	106.36279296875
<unk> , which seize me all at once , and i have just felt a cold shiver . me in your way ; i saw a woman knocking at the window of one of my friends . ” source of so much alarm to the cardinal and whose means of escape disturbed the repose of the whole court , was wholly unconscious of the terror he caused at the palais royal . the president , “ do not alarm yourself ; you are among men of honor who will use every means to convince you before <unk> to the last extremity , but as you have said , you are among conspirators , you are in possession of our secret , and you must restore it to us.	98.41548156738281
” a significant silence followed these words , and as the general did not reply , — “ close the doors , ” said the president to the door-keeper . ” cried mordaunt , returning to the group surrounding the two friends . ” towards him without answering , and monte cristo turned away to conceal the expression of pity which passed over his features , but which was gone in a moment . the englishman , “ this looks very much like a <unk> of payment . ” ” himself down by his hands and from a height of fifty feet . die with me . the full project gutenberg™ license as specified in paragraph 1.e.1 . rather a sad <unk> with the red duke , ”	94.7845687866211
replied aramis . a horse , or will you go afoot ? ” at the corpse , gazed all around the room , then upon the two men ; he opened his mouth to speak , but finding it impossible to give utterance to the <unk> ideas that occupied his brain , he went out , thrusting his hands through his hair in such a manner that villefort and d ’ avrigny , for a moment diverted from the <unk> topic , exchanged glances , which seemed to say , — “ he is mad ! ” cry , and , seizing villefort ’ s hands , exclaimed , “ my child was alive ? ” said she ; “ you buried my child alive ? ” cried	86.91673278808594
d ’ artagnan ; “ pray how many men have you on board , captain ? ” a high official situation , though only twenty-seven . is nobody there ? ” said the stranger . , and said to himself , “ she will arrive , she says , four or five days after having received the money . him such a revenue ? ” the soldier . mind may be quite at ease , ” replied the officer ; “ i have my answer ready . ” ” cried barrois , “ are you going to let me die without help ? behave towards travellers ? ” of the pickaxe between the coffer and the lid , and pressing with all his force on the handle ,	87.78404235839844
burst open the <unk> . man had reached his room and burnt caderousse ’ s letter . be in person at bethune . door . ? you several sums which will increase by <unk> ; you will stop me when i reach the one representing the amount of your own possessions ? ” your service , ” replied the count . , where he found him standing in the middle of the room , pale as death , his forehead streaming with perspiration , and his hands clenched <unk> together . , you would rather not ? ” mouston ; nothing else . some fruit ; then , remembering the narcotic mixed with the water i had drunk , i would not touch that which was placed on	121.68961334228516
the table , but filled my glass at a marble fountain fixed in the wall over my dressing table . , i know you not . ” do with it ? ” ” cuirass fell upon aramis and struck a blow that aramis parried with his wonted skill . , and pretends he can not understand me ! ” sofa placed in an angle of the room , with her legs crossed under her in the eastern fashion , and seemed to have made for herself , as it were , a kind of nest in the rich indian <unk> which enveloped her . amazement . mistake owing to an error in my plans . he , “ of my hundred names i need only tell you one	140.9022216796875
, to overwhelm you ! not a large sum , however , ” replied monte cristo , with a tone so sweet and gentle , that it went to maximilian ’ s heart like the voice of a father ; “ but they will not be content with that . live . ” . ” breastplate was weak , and prepared the blow . monte cristo feigning to mistake his <unk> “ therefore i will not , for another instant , retard the pleasure of your meeting . for i presume that you gentlemen are frondeurs ? ” have been very prompt . , morcerf ’ s acknowledged enemy , ascended the <unk> with that solemnity which announced that the expected moment had arrived . reverie and answered	127.56349182128906
nothing . months since you have been here , and though , distracted as you must be in your important occupations , you have forgotten to pay me my <unk> , i say , i have not tormented you a single instant , i thought you would appreciate my delicacy . ” do there ? ” pavement , in the carriages , at the windows , a single tongue that was silent , a single arm that did not move . the gate the porter informed him that the count had gone out about half an hour previously . albert had heard the report of two or three <unk> . she , “ listen to me . ” , with tears in his eyes and heart . return	78.53170776367188
? ” while conversing with madame danglars , and apparently absorbed by the charm of the conversation , that the count noticed m. andrea cavalcanti ’ s solicitude , his manner of listening to the music at the door he dared not pass , and of manifesting his admiration . of grass to be seen in the paths , or a weed in the <unk> ; no fine lady ever trained and watered her geraniums , her <unk> , and her rhododendrons , in her porcelain <unk> with more pains than this hitherto <unk> gardener bestowed upon his little enclosure . any accident ; on descending , the queen found the prince awaiting her , <unk> , to offer her his hand . <unk> who possess nearly a	215.05174255371094
million ? shudder ran through his body . provide , in any event , the means of leaving <unk> case either of failure or of success . ? ” was trodden by horses ’ feet , visible even in the approaching gloom of evening . disclosed a brilliant light , and she disappeared . the laconic reply . had not belonged to the father-in-law of the procureur , one might have thought it some accursed place where a horrible crime had been committed . ” fate of the guards who thus possessed his secret ? ” asked dantès of himself . ” said caderousse , “ make one more <unk> me once more ! ” him at a bound , and said to the englishman , pointing his	155.22654724121094
sword to his throat , “ i could kill you , my lord , you are completely in my hands ; but i spare your life for the sake of your sister . ” to follow , monsieur . ” fulfilment of this engagement is connected with the person of whom we were speaking . ” <unk> my mother , declares he is in despair about it . <unk> cold , was obliged for want of fire to remain in bed . a visit . were ready . the night together . the abbess , and went to bed , softly rocked by the ideas of vengeance which the name of kitty had naturally brought to her thoughts . a second a private door opened , and ali	86.29176330566406
appeared , bringing two chibouques filled with excellent <unk> . immediately . ” said buckingham , grating his teeth with rage . so difficult , ” replied d ’ artagnan , springing to the ground . moment in which d ’ artagnan fixed his eyes upon the gentleman in the violet doublet , the gentleman made one of his most knowing and profound remarks respecting the béarnese pony , his two auditors laughed even louder than before , and he himself , though contrary to his custom , allowed a pale smile ( if i may be allowed to use such an expression ) to stray over his countenance . moment one of the seven kings of paris , and has a court . my coat-of-arms , it	160.2874298095703
is worth more than morcerf ’ s . ” something for you ; he restores to you more than he takes away , and it was time i should die . ” to drive a level as they do in mines ; this level would bring the two prisoners immediately beneath the gallery where the sentry kept watch ; once there , a large excavation would be made , and one of the <unk> with which the gallery was paved be so completely loosened that at the desired moment it would give way beneath the feet of the soldier , who , stunned by his fall , would be immediately bound and gagged by dantès before he had power to offer any resistance . my lungs , had	212.3694305419922
prescribed the air of naples . was struck with the sound of his voice : how your engagement stands ? the count of monte cristo entered . this menacing <unk> with a smile of disdain on her lips , but rage in her heart . kind of thing there ’ s no need to go over the ground a second time . ” and unexpected voice made everyone start . but i only came back on one condition—that i would transmit to your majesty the will of the people . ” but there is no occasion to squeeze so hard . ” window , as is customary on days of ceremony , he saw only a gray mass , which was veiled also by a cloud , which	130.23089599609375
at that moment obscured the moon ’ s feeble light . with composure , and , looking forward with terror to his future existence , chose that middle line that seemed to afford him a refuge . d ’ artagnan , “ i trust that you honorably sent them back to monsieur le cardinal ! ” less pale than when d ’ artagnan left him after his first visit , and seated at a table on which , though he was alone , was spread enough for four persons . that monsieur d ’ artagnan mounted with difficulty ? ” murmured he , “ if the procureur himself had been at marseilles i should have been ruined . paris , but still further , that the queen had	106.03681945800781
renewed with her one of those mysterious <unk> which at that time was named a <unk> ; _ when he affirmed that he , the cardinal , was about to unravel the most closely twisted thread of this intrigue ; that at the moment of arresting in the very act , with all the proofs about her , the queen ’ s emissary to the exiled duchess , a musketeer had dared to interrupt the course of justice violently , by falling sword in hand upon the honest men of the law , charged with investigating impartially the whole affair in order to place it before the eyes of the <unk> xiii . it ? ” inquired the unknown ; “ in the french or turkish style ,	169.38270568847656
strong or weak , sugar or none , cool or boiling ? it , valentine , i entreat you . ” the <unk> boy is leading . ” and followed his guards silently , while m. bonacieux uttered lamentations enough to break the heart of a tiger . from him instantly four thousand piastres , and give them to the bearer . baron , load your pistols , and give some corn to the horses , for i will answer for it , something <unk> will happen ere to-morrow . ” , who seemed to him the more reasonable of the two ; we must do him justice , —he had had a great many frenchmen in his house , but had never been able to comprehend them	166.10598754882812
. grandmother , and left with her handkerchief to her eyes ; at the door she found the valet de chambre , who told her that the doctor was waiting in the dining-room . mousqueton ? paris ; four days to go , and the same to return , with one day to discharge the commission <unk> to me , is all the time i shall be absent . around the <unk> , <unk> , arlesian sausages , and lobsters in their dazzling red cuirasses , <unk> of large size and brilliant color , the <unk> with its <unk> outside and dainty morsel within , the <unk> , esteemed by the <unk> of the south as more than <unk> the exquisite flavor of the <unk> , north .	132.60861206054688
, <unk> , that he might not see himself grow old ; dantès , for fear of recalling the almost extinct past which now only floated in his memory like a distant light wandering in the night . , doubtless , the count of monte cristo , of whom hermine has talked to me so much ? ” me ? ” prove not a devouring fire ! ” the baroness ; “ you could not have entertained any alarm on the subject , because you are perfectly well aware that i have had for a month in my service the very best coachman in paris . ; propositions have been made to me and i confess to you frankly that the coadjutor has made me speak out .	124.86043548583984
” , ” said athos . replied danglars ; “ but i hear that he is ambitious , and that ’ s rather against him . ” and now i believe you are right , and that you have really saved my life ; be assured i will return the favor hereafter . ” “ before god and before men , i accuse this woman of having attempted to poison me , in wine which she sent me from villeroy , with a forged letter , as if that wine came from my friends . , emptied three parts of the contents in the fireplace , that it might be supposed valentine had taken it , and replaced it on the table ; then he disappeared , after	86.77986145019531
throwing a farewell glance on valentine , who slept with the confidence and innocence of an angel at the feet of the lord . and a strangely agitated sleep ; she fancied this morning in her sleep that her soul was hovering above her body , which she at the same time watched . days since i had eaten or drunk anything . ” returned rochefort , as he spoke endeavoring to read in that subtle countenance the cardinal ’ s motive . , ” said franz , “ that human justice is insufficient to console us ; she can give blood in return for blood , that is all ; but you must demand from her only what it is in her power to grant . ”	139.7158203125
you to take care of him ? ” i am always at at his eminence ’ s orders . ” , ” asked the magistrate , without replying to the count , “ answers to the name of andrea cavalcanti ? ” ” gentleman could have written such a letter to a <unk> ” then all at once , starting , she cried , “ my god ! they were uttered in the romaic dialect . it signify , valentine , so long as i am satisfied , and feel that even this long and painful suspense is amply repaid by five minutes of your society , or two words from your lips ? the dirty <unk> could be ; i alone suspected that it was the waistcoat	112.81771087646484
of the murdered man . the ring and exerted all his strength ; the flag-stone yielded , and disclosed steps that descended until they were lost in the obscurity of a subterraneous grotto . . of it , i will do what i can to advance his interests . francs , and in taking them from his pocket dropped a visiting card . to be summoned , but he had disappeared . the revelation , for he could reply to or deny its truth ; —he cared little for that _mene , mene , tekel upharsin_ , which appeared suddenly in letters of blood upon the wall ; —but what he was really anxious for was to discover whose hand had traced them . that the former of	209.20858764648438
these symptoms was one of the <unk> <unk> of <unk> , he did not then press his inquiries , but waited for a more appropriate opportunity when he should again interrogate her , or receive an avowal <unk> <unk> . , albert ? ” . ; i could the more easily distrust you . , ” said d ’ artagnan . his prisoner ’ s hand , saying : table at which he was sitting . feverish arm . the noise , in his chamber gown , his sword under his arm , stood in the doorway . his mark of authority , with which ali pasha generally sealed his letters , and which the latter had given him , that he might , on his return at	110.39326477050781
any hour of the day or night , gain access to the presence , even in the harem . imagine , ’ —and then paused . conclusion as he entered the antechamber . of this benedetto ? ” ” replied the secretary with slight uneasiness . me to be ill conceived , <unk> , gentlemen ; for if i satisfy some i shall displease others . from all the rest of the world , and they only spoke in broken words , which are the tokens of a joy so extreme that they seem rather the expression of sorrow . ” said the abbé d ’ herblay ; “ i return to my convent . ” not a command , but advice i give you . ” in	120.91712951660156
her favor ; her beauty serves as a <unk> to her victims ; her body even pays what she <unk> must do her that justice . cried the lieutenant . gallant knights of the time of charlemagne , in whom every cavalier ought to seek his model . wine <unk> to observe that in passing . hands with villefort , without adding a word to what he had said , went out , amid the tears and lamentations of the whole household . was peppino , and the other a bandit on the lookout . also defective , you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem . up the letter , aramis ? ” said d ’ artagnan . and observed everything	179.81556701660156
. ” smile on his lips , and murmuring that last word of human philosophy , “ perhaps ! ” all the forms were got over ; in a word i was , as i told you , at my marriage feast ; and i should have been married in an hour , and tomorrow i intended to start for paris , had i not been arrested on this charge which you as well as i now see to be unjust . ” inquired the stranger . with the queen ? ” saw faria ’ s eyes <unk> with blood . . ” to-night ; let us withdraw . english justice will be under an obligation to me for having saved it trouble . nearest islands of all	105.89009094238281
those that surround the château d ’ if , but ratonneau and pomègue are inhabited , as is also the islet of daume . room commanding a view of the street , pacing the chamber with restless steps , stopping merely to listen from time to time for the sound of approaching wheels , then to cast an anxious glance on ali ; but the regularity with which the nubian puffed forth the smoke of his chibouque proved that he at least was wholly absorbed in the enjoyment of his favorite occupation . or rather the reality , surpassed anything valentine had before experienced ; she began to believe herself really alive and awake , and the belief that her reason was this time not deceived made her	322.54071044921875
shudder . choice ? ” asked jussac . ” this gascon upon me ? restless , suspicious cardinal think of her <unk> cardinal , not merely her only support , her only prop , her only protector at present , but still further , the principal instrument of her future fortune and vengeance ? happiness . for access to , viewing , displaying , performing , copying or distributing any project gutenberg™ works unless you comply with paragraph 1.e.8 or 1.e.9 . them he knew nothing about this affair ? ” ” said franz , “ let us to the colosseum . ” <unk> ” ” go meanwhile ? ” , during which valentine , breathless and motionless , watched steadfastly over morrel . a wonder . moment	239.68093872070312
and then went to the wardrobe in which hung his old clothes . joy and surprise ; never had a first attempt been crowned with more perfect success . yes ! ” ! himself called by albert , who made the lofty building <unk> with the sound of his friend ’ s name . this ball ? ” , but a sort of <unk> tells me she is a lost creature , and that there is something fatal about her . ” should deign to be godfather to the child she has just borne ; and that my lord , after having been present at the <unk> , should go to <unk> his homage to our holy father the pope . ” , you know , ” said	116.58645629882812
grimaud . planchet , “ to treat me as a prince . his belt , looked to see if it was properly <unk> , cocked it , and placed the muzzle close to grimaud ’ s ear . vengeance should precede celestial justice . ” ” remarked mazarin . . did not fall , as he did not declare himself conquered , but only broke away toward the hôtel of m. de la trémouille , in whose service he had a relative , d ’ artagnan was ignorant of the seriousness of the last wound his adversary had received , and pressing him warmly , without doubt would soon have completed his work with a third blow , when the noise which arose from the street being heard	116.17912292480469
in the tennis court , two of the friends of the guardsman , who had seen him go out after exchanging some words with d ’ artagnan , rushed , sword in hand , from the court , and fell upon the conqueror . said d ’ artagnan , “ it is twenty years since cardinal de richelieu made me lieutenant . ” , sir ? ” said the lady , laughing ; “ we do what we can . feast that began so gayly had a very sorrowful ending ; a police commissary , followed by four soldiers , entered , and dantès was arrested . ” ” continued the young girl in a calm and self-possessed tone of voice , “ we will conform to circumstances	74.39818572998047
, and be guided by the wishes of our friends , so long as those wishes do not tend finally to separate us ; in a word , and i repeat it , because it expresses all i wish to convey , —we will wait . ” side , it was not <unk> was still quite possible—for the little light that remained rendered a mistake <unk> it not be the commencement of some plot against him through the <unk> of this woman , for whom his love was known ? in thought . he continued the conversation in the same tone in which he had begun it , the whole thing might turn out to his own disadvantage , turned to morcerf , and said : de guiche	142.2711944580078
to his father and kept bragelonne near his own person ; but the two young men sought the privilege of passing the night together and it was accorded them . vengeance upon milady . of stupidity which <unk> or <unk> , two of the first actors of the day , might have envied . of wood bound with iron , ” thought he . continued the count . his illness , had returned from <unk> . , who himself also caused a rising about six weeks ago ; but as he was searched for after this emeute he disappeared . ” but i feel that this <unk> ” much as you please , ” cried lord de winter , “ but don ’ t try to bite ,	113.02867889404297
for i warn you that it would be to your disadvantage . ? once to the point . me ? ” asked he . , for they will be listening at the door . what he did , but i have inquired and i have been told all about it . ” said morcerf , more and more astonished ; “ have you not had enough time for reflection during the eight years which have elapsed since this marriage was first discussed between us ? ” said . know very little about the nonsense which here <unk> down our streets . too , monsieur . reason to retreat , to be alarmed , and to scream . time to train pupils ! circus . at this second thrust	123.75579833984375
so forcibly made by his strange adversary . the chamber , and crouching against the door , he found the poor girl , all in a tremble . word of honor , ” said gondy . for example . ” in that sleep , or the time which glided away while it lasted , i have no remembrance . my words i do not mean they should convey , and give them no <unk> weight . ” ” cried the three friends . large armchair , which served him for a bed , enjoying a calm , nay , almost a smiling sleep . girl ! ” murmured danglars , turning pale , for he knew from long experience the solidity of the obstacle he had so suddenly	128.9961700439453
encountered . , then , weigh upon your conscience ? ” interrupted château-renaud ; “ and pray that , if you should ever be in a similar predicament , he may do as much for you as he did for me . ” ” monte cristo “ suppose , then , that this poison was brucine , and you were to take a milligramme the first day , two <unk> the second day , and so on . you know everything , you know it was not <unk> was la carconte ; that was proved at the trial , since i was only condemned to the galleys . ” suspects ? ” said monte cristo with charming artlessness . d ’ artagnan . . that the examination should	82.42875671386719
take place today ? ” least , return ? ” asked morrel . augment , the latter to remedy . you drive don carlos out of spain . ” ” resumed danglars , after a brief silence , “ i will endeavor to make myself understood , by requesting you to inform me for what sum you propose to draw upon me ? ” ” ” said the count . entered and the duke seemed to be immersed in the sublime <unk> of chess . me is serious , then ? ” , by jupiter ! too good . ” full in front . captain , said a few words to him , and as if from that moment the vessel was under his command , he ordered	81.97696685791016
a maneuver which the crew executed immediately . saying you wished to leave this place . ” a good and an excellent friend , ” said albert ; “ yes , you are right ; watch , watch , beauchamp , and try to discover the enemy who made this disclosure . ” for an instant to pursue master friquet , but not wishing to leave raoul alone he contented himself with taking a pistol from the <unk> and cocking it . me more credit than i deserve ; i only wish to do what will be agreeable to you , that is all . ” offer . ” me . ” prostrated at my father ’ s feet , now sprang up and fired , and the	91.02946472167969
room was filled with fire and smoke . d ’ artagnan ; “ has something fresh happened ? ” more . ” the world . ” ” cried the youth ; “ oh ! so , dear love ! ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ but now , suppose this poor comte de wardes were less guilty than you think him ? ” the coast of <unk> ; all day they <unk> , and in the evening saw fires lighted on land ; the position of these was no doubt a signal for landing , for a ship ’ s lantern was hung up at the <unk> instead of the <unk> , and they came to within a gunshot of the shore . you <unk> genuine balm	82.3687973022461
into my blood . added he , strongly interested in the route milady followed . in solitary confinement , in a dungeon , like the lowest criminal . ” . ” he , “ you have just lost one woman , whom you call good , charming , perfect ; and here you are , running headlong after another . ” ? ” ” , ” said bonacieux . two persons who had been discussing the matter , it had been decided that they should touch at monte cristo and set out on the following night . ’ — ‘ who is it ? ’ — ‘ a woman , accompanied by a servant. ’ everyone looked at his neighbor . object of ambition for porthos . in	123.35575866699219
pretending to maintain the honor of england , was moved by interests exactly like those of the cardinal . have you decided ? ” cried jussac for the third time . any one of you have further or better counsel to <unk> , i will listen to him with the greatest pleasure . ” day after to-morrow is pentecost . ” the harbor , maximilian ? ” said , “ i thought i saw winter move ; if he still lives , by all you hold most sacred , do not abandon him . ” that after going back fifty paces , the man ended by fairly taking to his heels , and disappeared amid the <unk> of the lackeys . for porthos and aramis , and on	130.5809783935547
their arrival made them acquainted with the situation . , but stopped at the sight of this display of force . said d ’ artagnan , “ your eminence sees that we wish to act with all formality and due respect ; but i must warn you that we have no time to lose ; open the door then , my lord , and be so good as to remember , once for all , that on the slightest attempt to escape or the faintest cry for help , our position being very critical indeed , you must not be angry with us if we go to extremities . ” and down it , he gave the wand back to his master and began without hesitation to perform	132.01763916015625
the same evolutions over again . , rubbed his eyelids , and opened his eyes . we go in with them ? ” asked porthos . was marked with half a baron ’ s crown , and the letter h . ” ” with fever , while the large drops fell from his brow , the man executed , one after the other , the three signs given by the count , in spite of the frightful contortions of the right-hand correspondent , who , not understanding the change , began to think the gardener had gone mad . has a very comfortable one all the same , so they say . ” buckingham , “ and rather twice than once . ” ” salutation with one of	102.44136810302734
her most gracious smiles . man stopped short , not in admiration of raphael ’ s picture , but as if fascinated at the sight of some terrible object . monsieur the whole of one day in my care . . ” taken away and changed , then , with the exception of the <unk> which is hung with red damask ; you will leave that exactly as it is. ” bertuccio bowed . my mother , ” cried the viscount . it ? ” inquired athos . it . through his arm , and bicarat one through his thigh . ’ said she ; ‘ perhaps they bring us peace and liberty ! ’ , <unk> in its cut , though simple and <unk> ; it was	108.6187744140625
not the plain white waistcoat ; it was not the trousers , that displayed the foot so perfectly <unk> was none of these things that attracted the attention , —it was his pale complexion , his waving black hair , his calm and serene expression , his dark and melancholy eye , his mouth , chiselled with such marvellous delicacy , which so easily expressed such high disdain , —these were what fixed the attention of all upon him . ” was brought to me this very morning by a groom out of livery , who would not tell me in whose service he was , and who said he had received orders from his master . ” you must perish ! ” said d ’ artagnan .	155.56985473632812
” be a cardinalist ; she must know nothing of the matter . ” common with many other prisoners , was bent upon doing things that were prohibited ; and the only resource the governor had was , one day when the duke was playing at tennis , to efface all these drawings , consisting chiefly of <unk> . into the britzka , which was admirably arranged for sleeping in , without scarcely touching the step . . of him ? ” attached to the farm of the count of san-felice , situated between palestrina and the lake of <unk> ; he was born at pampinara , and entered the count ’ s service when he was five years old ; his father was also a shepherd ,	152.88987731933594
who owned a small flock , and lived by the <unk> and the <unk> , which he sold at rome . , with great impatience for the news from england which would announce to him that buckingham would not come . to speak to his mother , danglars to converse with young cavalcanti ; monte cristo was for an instant alone . he said . , but indifferently . ” beware . of which raoul had so often heard the comte de la fere speak , except that its aspect had much changed since the period when athos had himself been part of it ; therefore everything which the count de guiche related was new to his traveling companion . dead , and all the wretched family will	151.3153076171875
be grateful to you . ” , in whom franz recognized the dumb slave of the grotto of monte cristo . , if i recollect rightly , ” replied d ’ artagnan , with a look of inquiry directed to athos ; “ another i disarmed or wounded , i don ’ t remember which . ” after dinner ! artagnan and porthos draw back . s attention to a gentleman who had just arrived with his lackey , and only preceded them by about fifty paces . comte , ” replied d ’ artagnan , who felt that by degrees athos was resuming that great influence which aristocracy had over him . , a <unk> , and purveyor of the harem of his highness , acknowledge having	84.98678588867188
received for transmission to the sublime emperor , from the french lord , the count of monte cristo , an emerald valued at eight hundred thousand francs ; as the ransom of a young christian slave of eleven years of age , named haydée , the acknowledged daughter of the late lord ali tepelini , pasha of yanina , and of vasiliki , his favorite ; she having been sold to me seven years previously , with her mother , who had died on arriving at constantinople , by a french colonel in the service of the vizier ali tepelini , named fernand mondego . , during which the fixed , searching eye of the abbé was employed in scrutinizing the agitated features of the innkeeper . said	221.80841064453125
madame de villefort , “ the king ’ s attorney is here . ” . with some pleasure by danglars , and restored him to some degree of tranquillity . glance , but it seemed to the countess to have lasted for a century , so much was expressed in that one look . with ? ” cried aramis , pale with anger , suspecting that d ’ artagnan had acted as a spy on him and had seen him with madame de longueville . door , the coachman was on the box , and a police officer sat beside him . themselves up we gag them ; if they resist , we kill them . said d ’ artagnan , “ monsieur de vallon is like me	73.78215789794922
, he prefers service <unk> is to say , enterprises that are considered mad and impossible . ” of the cardinal ’ s guards . that ? ” asked the guide in astonishment . shrugged his shoulders , saying : and the youthful louis , remaining the last , was amusing himself by placing some lead soldiers in a line of battle , a game which delighted him much . . ; he has this moment returned . ” pale than usual , and his eyes , reddened by want of sleep , denoted that he had passed a feverish night . your friend , god began not to strike , but to warn you . with clenched hands , his mouth in a spasm of agony ,	133.40469360351562
and his hair on end in the sweat of death . mazarin , “ and am i not almost a <unk> , indeed , of france ? political difference ? ” red simar which occupied the wonted place was his no longer , was still more strikingly obvious from the isolation which seemed , as we have observed , more appropriate to a phantom than a living <unk> the corridors deserted by courtiers , and courts crowded with <unk> that spirit of bitter ridicule , which , arising from the streets below , penetrated through the very <unk> of the room , which resounded with the murmurs of a whole city leagued against the minister ; as well as from the distant and incessant sounds of guns <unk>	227.52452087402344
off , happily , without other end or aim , except to show to the guards , the swiss troops and the military who surrounded the palais royal , that the people were possessed of arms . whom i once saw , was short , of slender form , and of a much more nervous than sanguine temperament ; grief could hardly produce apoplexy in such a constitution as that of madame de saint-méran . ” eyes remained fixed on the door . period of which you speak , and if you pay well for it you will certainly get to know all you want . ” nothing is certain in this world . ” each of us his instructions . that if we had not taken this	141.01548767089844
precaution , we should have been exposed to allowing you to pass without presenting you our respects or offering you our thanks for the favor you have done us in uniting us . us five fresh <unk> for his eminence , four for us . and thought : “ both at the same hour ; both commands alike ; both at the palais royal . one and a half ; will you have <unk> per cent , or even more ? ! ” cried the crowd . leagues in little more than twelve hours . dignified as the law he represented , passed through the crowd , without answering the thousand questions addressed to him , and re-entered the hotel . , the son of general d ’	174.101318359375
épinay ? ” desired that the letter should be given to him , madame , he would have demanded it of you himself . not be prepared for everything , dear friend ? wish to enlighten himself upon the subject ? ” asked villefort , after a moment ’ s reflection , “ what interest can this m. de monte cristo or m. zaccone , <unk> of a shipowner of malta , <unk> of a mine in thessaly , now visiting paris for the first time , —what interest , i say , can he take in discovering a gloomy , mysterious , and useless fact like this ? to him and told him , as if to please him , that he was going to plant a	135.1053009033203
bed of asparagus for his especial use . of policy ! ” replied the cardinal , knitting his brow in his turn , “ the secret of many unknown things might perhaps be found in your brains , if we could read them as you read that letter which you concealed as soon as you saw me coming . ” . each other in their turn with frowning brows . , and sell it ; it is worth fifty thousand francs , and i repeat my wish that this sum may suffice to release you from your wretchedness . ” that he remains there ? ” asked gondy . the strange custom of the times , considered himself at paris as on a campaign , neither more nor	135.98248291015625
less than if he had been in <unk> yonder , woman here . person who brought me a letter , ” inquired franz , “ from the viscount of morcerf ? ” shall fight till one of us is dead , ” said the general , whose teeth were clenched with rage . saw god ’ s justice placed in the hands of benedetto , and should have thought it sacrilege to oppose the designs of providence . ” ? then in bearn , on account of my father ’ s death , the letter followed me there . little <unk> crossing the path which they were following . the cellar all this time ? ” d ’ artagnan out to his master with his finger . .	89.17817687988281
valentine , suddenly ; “ someone is coming ! ” maximilian leaped at one bound into his crop of lucern , which he began to pull up in the most <unk> way , under the pretext of being occupied in <unk> it . <unk> . caderousse as a bad man , and i thought him incapable of committing a crime , or even a <unk> . ” of , it will be a triumph for them , which will make them rejoice , and cover me with shame . some singular chance , the owner of the winning horse must live in the same hotel as myself ; but , as i entered my apartments , i beheld the very gold cup awarded as a prize to the	142.47227478027344
unknown horse and rider . ” said athos . in her eyes and every mark of affection of a true mother , approached valentine and took her hand . have died , ” carelessly answered monte cristo . the queen . and i were lost in admiration . ” , and ordered him to saddle _le blanc_ then he awoke his son , a child of seven years , whom he ordered to ride before the gentleman and bring back the horse . to do , my friend ? ” asked morrel , arresting his hand . morcerf , “ this is the second time you have refused to dine with my mother ; it is evident that you wish to avoid her . ” same distance in	76.53590393066406
forty hours , and by ten o ’ clock in the morning i must be in london . ” need of a back door for retreat . ” , groslow , who had at first crept behind one of the <unk> planted on that spot , walked straight up to the gentlemen . active links to , or other immediate access to , the full project gutenberg™ license must appear prominently whenever any copy of a project gutenberg™ work ( any work on which the phrase “ project gutenberg ” appears , or with which the phrase “ project gutenberg ” is associated ) is accessed , displayed , performed , viewed , copied or distributed : monsieur d ’ artagnan provoked and braved the soldiers and inferior	270.1778869628906
officers , in order , i suppose , to have his sword back . and yours seems to be tough enough . ” my god , have pity on me ! ” at the convent of béthune with milady , her mortal enemy . no inclination to laugh , such a real ear <unk> did porthos appear . himself shall not save them , ” rejoined mordaunt . ? ” driving his horses at their fullest speed , and follow madame danglars in her morning excursion . against you ; leave off , i command you . ” <unk> , <unk> of artillery , étienne <unk> , general of brigade , and claude <unk> , keeper of woods and forests , declare , that on the 4th of	194.76873779296875
february , a letter arrived from the island of elba , recommending to the kindness and the confidence of the bonapartist club , general <unk> de quesnel , who having served the emperor from <unk> to 1814 was supposed to be devoted to the interests of the napoleon <unk> , notwithstanding the title of baron which louis xviii . remains ? ” queen . and implacable hand seized her by the hair , and dragged her away as irrevocably as fatality drags humanity . not ! ’ , ” said morcerf with a gloomy smile ; “ i am not referring in the least to matrimony , and i only addressed myself to m. cavalcanti because he appeared disposed to interfere between us . these concealed or public	176.4871826171875
, secret or open wars , there were robbers , mendicants , huguenots , wolves , and scoundrels , who made war upon everybody . dear sir , you are the prisoner of a fellow countryman . ” truly , ” added the young man with a melancholy smile , “ to make war against the english for ten years , and to die in his bed at last , like everybody else . ” my secret . ” <unk> the day when the prince , thanks to you , shall have turned against the court . ” like franz , viewed his position in its true light , it was a grave one . debray . via <unk> ; but that costume , however elegant in itself	124.47338104248047
, has long been out of fashion in paris . ” and in a voice trembling with hate and vengeance read “ d ’ artagnan . ” of the poet voiture . ? ” who were constantly near the prisoner , assisted in picking up the tennis balls . philosophy the other . ” was prisoner until i paid the sum of 4,000 roman <unk> 24,000 francs . <unk> in bank-notes , the other half in checks payable to bearer . ” the insult offered to us by that wretch , so she asked permission to travel . ” must your past career always interfere with my <unk> ? ” suddenly a light passed over his face , a smile played round his set mouth , and his	200.6188507080078
haggard eyes were fixed in thought . in line with his company , saluted with an expressive gesture his three friends , whose eyes soon discovered him , and m. de tréville , who detected him at once . . prepare a light supper , of which you , athos and aramis , are not to <unk> , because i told him you had a fever ; aramis , because you are a knight of malta and won ’ t mix with fellows like us . in a low tone , for the exclamation which surprise had drawn from the count , faint as it had been , had startled the man who remained in the <unk> of the old <unk> . aramis , “ what think you	117.16377258300781
about these two enemies whom it requires , besides comminges ’ s troop , ten good soldiers to confront ; are they not as like as two drops of water to d ’ artagnan and porthos ? ” ” said madame danglars , “ all my linen is marked thus ; monsieur de nargonne was a baron , and my name is hermine . ” said one , “ the madman has gone to look after his treasure . , how shall i now approach mine ? , madame ; and you will seek in vain to evade it . ” to-day . ” amidst the smoke the threatening face of louvieres appearing at the window of the second floor . has taken the place of liberty ,	126.05388641357422
the first desire of a manly heart is to possess a weapon , which at once renders him capable of defence or attack , and , by rendering its owner terrible , often makes him feared . yet , while i do belong to the earth , i wish to speak of you—of our friends . ” of him ? you ? ” asked the prince . unknown to him . , m. de château-renaud , a handsome young man of thirty , gentleman all over , —that is , with the figure of a guiche and the wit of a <unk> , <unk> albert ’ s hand . in a despairing tone , “ perhaps no one will dare to come for it is known that the	119.89710998535156
spaniards are ranging through the country , and i shall die without absolution . no favorite with his colleagues . which he felt something like remorse . monsieur ; i know her very well . ” left prison than your goods would be confiscated . ” not such a fool as i fancied ! ” thought mazarin . am sure of . ” artagnan swam in delirium ; he marched between athos and porthos , pressing them tenderly . . ” consequence to me at the end of the matter whether you have any angry feeling or not against dantès . something warm , which moved . whose death he had devoted his life . . , who had hitherto saluted everyone with courtesy , but at the	148.63327026367188
same time with coldness and formality , stepped a pace forward , and a slight tinge of red colored his pale cheeks . forgive for my sake , who love you still ! ” i have lighted the match ? ” though monsieur mordaunt was a man not to be despised , mazarin is not less strong than he , and we shall not easily succeed in drowning him . you leave greece , signora ? ” asked he . plank from his floor , and nothing remaining but a simple ceiling between him and the room beneath , in which the interrogatories were made , he heard all that passed between the <unk> and the accused . between these two nobles might last a long time ,	169.09951782226562
each becoming , naturally , more firm in his own opinion , m. de tréville thought of an expedient which might terminate it quietly . forth in section 3 below . milady . groups , assumed the command of one , gave the second to aramis , and the third to porthos ; and then each group went and took their watch near an entrance . ” said porthos , “ it appears we are <unk> ! ” to have its meaning , for the constant habit of thought which he had acquired had given an ease and vigor to the expression of his face , and even to the most trifling gesture , scarcely to be understood . the parliament in the name of the court ,	119.21329498291016
and the other in the name of the people ; and then there won ’ t be any parliament at all . ” s no fear in the daytime ; but at night ? ” , my lord ; there lies in him a sanguinary <unk> . ” a catalan , and they told me the catalans were not men to allow themselves to be supplanted by a rival . sure that it was your misfortune he <unk> ? ” it , madame , but i acknowledge no other power but that of the great man whom i have the honor to serve . ” under ali pasha ? ” monte cristo , “ you are not in your usual spirits ? ” be at home and see	86.31925201416016
me ? ” it is a matter of the utmost importance , edmond ! ” replied the old man . <unk> , upon the <unk> of the archbishop ’ s chateau . , his two auditors , accompanied by the host , fell upon d ’ artagnan with sticks , shovels and tongs . , for the same idea had more than once occurred to them . . ” then , a man of the people ? ” said mazarin , astonished . later he was with the marshal . where d ’ artagnan had left him , still overwhelmed by the coolness of his adversary . every country , m. debray , ” said château-renaud . door , where he again assured albert that no motive of	65.85053253173828
personal hatred had influenced him against the count of morcerf . ” , tell them , tell them ! ” and the young man ’ s voice was choked by sobs . army on board it is not here that it is hidden . the queen , blushing , “ never speak of that evening . ” ” indemnify and hold the foundation , the trademark owner , any agent or employee of the foundation , anyone providing copies of project gutenberg™ electronic works in accordance with this agreement , and any volunteers associated with the production , promotion and distribution of project gutenberg™ electronic works , harmless from all liability , costs and expenses , including legal fees , that arise directly or indirectly from any of	221.60247802734375
the following which you do or cause to occur : ( a ) distribution of this or any project gutenberg™ work , ( b ) alteration , modification , or additions or deletions to any project gutenberg™ work , and ( c ) any defect you cause . man ? ” ” continued athos . your workmen as you need , and point out the tools they must bring . ” bonacieux , having always lived among her husband ’ s <unk> little capable of inspiring any sentiment whatever in a young woman whose heart was above her <unk> . the dressing-room . ” you are ! —you will not interfere in anything . ” my young friend , and i tremble lest grace prove not efficacious .	288.1885070800781
” d ’ artagnan , calm as he was in general , felt an unusual disturbance within his <unk> powerful during the whole course of life are the recollections of youth . simple and single line of conduct , and for a man of your intelligence , this plan is as easy as it is necessary ; you must form honorable friendships , and by that means <unk> the prejudice which may attach to the obscurity of your former life . ” ” replied the citizen , giving a still <unk> intonation to his voice . or four years with a russian princess for a bride , and no one will think more of what occurred yesterday than if it had happened sixteen years ago . ” ”	137.72384643554688
cried barrois , “ the fit is coming on again . enough to allow that there was no murder in politics . to be alone , ” he exclaimed , on seeing the young man . opened . in <unk> , ” said the count . himself this morning with a bond of 40,000 francs , payable at sight , on you , signed by busoni , and returned by you to me , with your <unk> course , i immediately counted him over the forty bank-notes . ” a nobleman ? <unk> or old ? <unk> or short ? franz , whose hair stood on end ; “ you , m. <unk> killed my father ? ” others ? to come . ” only to me ,	103.51210021972656
but to officers of justice and the king , is that an innocent man should <unk> in prison , the victim of an infamous denunciation , to die here cursing his executioners . ” arabic to ali , who made a sign of obedience and withdrew , but not to any distance . should suffer the least inconvenience or uneasiness on my account ! m. de busigny was the first to come and shake athos by the hand , and acknowledge that the wager was lost . been at the height of his wishes if he had not constantly seen milady like a dark cloud hovering in the horizon . affairs of gallantry ; and if he has fostered his amours by promises of eternal constancy , he	194.92083740234375
must likewise have sown the <unk> of hatred by his eternal infidelities . ” search more <unk> ? to descend . the two women , one after the other , and was forced to acknowledge that in his opinion dame nature had made a mistake in their <unk> . . were no longer there . ” returned the count . . the person who is now with her , and at others she is merely attended by a black servant . ” with you , hermine ? de tréville <unk> me at my pleasure , and with which i am now going to take a ride to st. germain . ” method i have adopted with this boy is decidedly the best . about it , my dear	107.09564208984375
monsieur de rochefort . ” a remedy for all afflictions . ” said vampa , instantly appearing ; “ what do you want ? ” excitement of being hateful in the eyes of the accused , in order to <unk> one ’ s self into a state of sufficient vehemence and power . secret just discovered . ” aware of that . be a match for you ! ” murmured milady , between her teeth ; “ be assured of that , you poor spoiled monk , you poor converted soldier , who has cut his uniform out of a monk ’ s frock ! ” of the cathedral and placed himself in ambuscade at the corner of the rue des <unk> ; it was impossible that bazin	108.40208435058594
should go out of the cathedral without his seeing him . hope for it , but had not told him what was to be hidden in the mysterious pate . leave ? ” tell you . aramis instantly drew near one another , while jussac drew up his soldiers . ” cried buckingham , “ you have killed me ! ” wine ! ” and he seized by the neck the last bottle that was left , put it to his mouth , and emptied it at a single draught , as he would have emptied an ordinary glass . name , ” answered julie , looking earnestly at the count , “ than that at the end of his <unk> ‘ sinbad the sailor . ’ ”	104.54759979248047
asked the countess , as though awakening from a sleep to the realities of life ; “ did you say a misfortune ? drove to the parliament house , where , upon the throne , he hastily confirmed not only such edicts as he had already passed , but issued new ones , each one , according to cardinal de retz , more <unk> than the <unk> proceeding which drew forth a strong remonstrance from the chief president , <unk> president blancmesnil and councillor broussel raised their voices in indignation against fresh taxes . things ! ” said porthos . matter , which bids fair to make work for the executioner . ” and in bad humor . cromwell , “ but the lord did not suffer that	238.77268981933594
sacrifice to be accomplished . ” at eleven o ’ clock , your father has nearly three hundred thousand francs to pay ? ” with one of those terrible expressions peculiar to her countenance , and which so rarely failed of their effect ; anger made her eyes flash in the darkness . sir , he told me ; it appears to have been an apoplectic stroke . ” ; andrea spoke with perfect composure , he had a cigar in his mouth , and his hands in the pocket of his top coat ; his clothes were <unk> made , his chin smooth , his boots irreproachable ; he looked merely as if he had stayed out very late , that was all . ever since two	125.82058715820312
seconds , whom i had chosen to arrange an affair , forced me to break the arm of one of my best friends , one whom you all <unk> franz d ’ épinay . ” stroke of the hammer fell upon his heart . invitations meant ; since <unk> , so eminently <unk> , had made progress in rome , it was no longer a <unk> who came from the tyrant with a message , ‘ cæsar wills that you die. ’ but it was a <unk> _à <unk> , who came with a smile on his lips to say from the pope , ‘ his holiness requests you to dine with him . ’ one nearest to the path villefort must take , and scarcely was i	167.93365478515625
there when , amidst the gusts of wind , i fancied i heard groans ; but you know , or rather you do not know , your excellency , that he who is about to commit an assassination fancies that he hears low cries perpetually ringing in his ears . his . the swiss , enchanted that a man like athos could envy him anything . choose ; for my part , i shall go unarmed . ” , ” he added , “ and give it to his excellency . ” i go , i depart ! reached the baths of caracalla the carriage stopped , peppino opened the door , and the count and franz alighted . athos ; “ let us give the money to	138.17535400390625
the <unk> to our lackeys , but to the lackeys of the englishmen . ” his jailer recoil with horror , dashed himself furiously against the walls of his prison , <unk> his anger upon everything , and chiefly upon himself , so that the least thing , —a grain of sand , a straw , or a breath of air that annoyed him , led to paroxysms of fury . ” asked the gascon , timidly , “ that the comte de la fere has commissioned you to give his compliments to monsieur du vallon and myself ? ” ; it will be a wiser plan than the first which you proposed . ” of the year <unk> and as he had orderly habits , he found	128.6022491455078
it hanging on its nail . he , “ they have sent some <unk> to fight with me. ” the president , without answering , approached the witness who held the lantern , and raising his sleeve , showed him two wounds he had received in his arm ; then opening his coat , and <unk> his waistcoat , displayed his side , pierced with a third wound . aristocratic person ; like her sister the queen , she had been accustomed to pleasing perfumes and fine linen ; she resolved , therefore , to seek hospitality of the priest . ” ’ s orders ? ” ” thought milady . was monsieur du tremblay , the brother of the famous capuchin , joseph , that fearful favorite	146.68150329589844
of richelieu ’ s , who went by the name of the gray cardinal . asked dantès , “ may i see all this ? ” ask m. de monte cristo for letters to the <unk> of the theatres at rome and naples , i expressed my fears of travelling as a woman ; he perfectly understood them , and undertook to procure for me a man ’ s passport , and two days after i received this , to which i have added with my own hand , ‘ travelling with his sister . ’ ” . said athos , pointing to the bastion , “ they will not come and disturb us . ” ; we have a second bed in the adjoining room . ’	79.80428314208984
. ” my promises as <unk> as any knight of <unk> times . he hurried upstairs again , and once more i heard his rapid and uneasy footsteps . of so infamous a death , and passed suddenly from despair to an ardent desire for life and liberty . it up in order not to compromise him and the lady he loves . deputies and men connected with the revenue , was explaining a new theory of <unk> which he intended to adopt when the course of events had compelled the government to call him into the ministry . , ” he said , “ and madeleine tolerably so . , that i have <unk> m. de château-renaud , one of the best riders in france , and	165.15382385253906
m. debray , who both mount the minister ’ s <unk> ; and close on their heels are the horses of madame danglars , who always go at six leagues an hour . ” us , and took us into his house , where he speedily recalled my poor edward to life . natural manner possible . baron ? with appearances i am lost ; for a man so well off will never change his happy condition , and i shall fail with him , as i have already done with aramis . ” open to you . . here ? ” he asked in a lofty tone , as that of one accustomed to command . physician ! brought you is of value ? ” , and	110.88300323486328
, without putting himself in a passion , <unk> grimaud . the duke . landed at portsmouth . ” papers under his arm and hat in hand , directed his steps toward the apartment of his wife . , ” he cried , with an expression of stupefaction in his face ; “ you haven ’ t the heart to kill me ! ” ” said monte cristo , who repeated to ali in the arabic language what he had just been saying to baptistin in french . and let us see what you know . ” in projection . ” to see once more all he had loved in the world ; but the hackney-coach drove on and the head of neither mercédès nor her son appeared	90.38893127441406
at the window to take a last look at the house or the deserted father and husband . sticks and straw , and having filled the chimney with them , set a light to it . , and the chain ran rattling through the <unk> . corsica , the very houses of which he could distinguish ; or on sardinia ; or on the island of elba , with its historical <unk> ; or upon the almost imperceptible line that to the experienced eye of a sailor alone revealed the coast of genoa the proud , and leghorn the commercial , that he gazed . carelessly and sat down by a loophole in the wall , letting his legs <unk> outside . ” exclaimed the count with well-feigned	207.4512939453125
astonishment , “ that these horses belong to the baroness ? ” man in the black cloak ; therefore she knew him . before i should be training dogs to say that there were greater traitors in france than the cardinal mazarin ! ” me , and even were i obliged to yield to the populace she would yield with me ; if i fly , she will fly ; and then we shall see how the rebels will get on without either king or queen . come along . ” i go . ” meet in paris ? ” you love your family , madame coquenard , ” said the procurator , with a smile that was almost tragic . out , carrying in his hand a	110.23340606689453
large leather bag ; he opened it as soon as he was outside the chamber and to his great astonishment found it full of gold . of that deep emotion which stops the beating of the heart and <unk> the cheek . true ; but i should not have recollected it if you had not reminded me . ” idea of crossing by the ferry ; but on gaining the riverside , he had mechanically put his hand into his pocket , and perceived that he had not wherewithal to pay his passage . on gaily , then , ” said porthos . cried villefort , “ i can not tell you all i feel at this moment , <unk> , grief , madness . ” talk to	94.9207992553711
me thus ? ” said buckingham . charged ? ” very well toward you , as it appears , my dear porthos , ” said d ’ artagnan , directing the sick man ’ s attention to the full stewpans and the empty bottles . single instant that we are watching over your safety ; observe the smallest gesture , the least bit of song , the least sign from any one near you ; watch everything , hear everything , interpret everything . ” . ” ” from the former ; doubtless madame de villefort had just put out her lamp , and the <unk> alone reflected its dull light on the window . descendant of <unk> tell , you will <unk> get together your clothes which	124.77627563476562
are in my room and which annoy me , and go out quickly to another lodging . ” at you . ” cloth , boots tolerably clean , but not of the brightest polish , and a little too thick in the soles , <unk> gloves , a hat somewhat resembling in shape those usually worn by the gendarmes , and a black cravat striped with white , which , if the proprietor had not worn it of his own free will , might have passed for a halter , so much did it resemble one . give me five minutes ’ grace , ” replied morcerf , “ for i also expect a preserver . ” hears their orders , and the eye that <unk> their actions	207.6612091064453
. see the face , never again to hear the voice of the only human being who united him to earth ! valiant sword the less , but there will remain still three , without reckoning my own ; now four devoted men around the king to protect him from his enemies , to be at his side in battle , to aid him with counsel , to escort him in flight , are sufficient , not to make the king a conqueror , but to save him if conquered ; and whatever mazarin may say , once on the shores of france your royal husband may find as many retreats and <unk> as the <unk> finds in a storm . ” , the more flattering it is	212.0488739013672
to you ; it gives you an idea of your value . ” asked scarron ; “ is he not a man of good birth ? ” just now . ” said m. danglars conceals at least half of his fortune . ” s name ? ” noirtier gave another turn to his hair ; took , instead of his black cravat , a colored <unk> which lay at the top of an open portmanteau ; put on , in lieu of his blue and <unk> frock-coat , a coat of villefort ’ s of dark brown , and cut away in front ; tried on before the glass a <unk> hat of his son ’ s , which appeared to fit him perfectly , and , leaving	113.48724365234375
his cane in the corner where he had deposited it , he took up a small <unk> switch , cut the air with it once or twice , and walked about with that easy <unk> which was one of his principal characteristics . ! ” repeated the traveller in an accent of indescribable sadness . , you must have seen some of his musketeers ? ” rest of tonight and all day tomorrow . , as he spoke , looked at harrison , the colonel imagined the toast was for himself . you , dear friends ? visible in the horizon , the waves whitened , a light played over them , and gilded their foaming <unk> with gold . your majesty ’ s pardon , but i	140.05406188964844
wished to receive your commands from your own mouth . ” ? and a cold sweat broke out upon his brow . few words in private . ” the dragons ’ teeth , and shall trample the lions under foot , <unk> the lord . ” . he looked around him . pastrini , ” continued franz , smiling at his friend ’ s susceptibility . he could not stop . monsieur . restrain a smile . , my god ! however , by the aspect of that countenance , full of astute intelligence and affected humility . norman , and normans are obstinate . ” , and one which made d ’ artagnan tremble from the sole of his foot to the roots of his hair ,	99.5689697265625
to find that this soft light , this calm lamp , enlightened a scene of fearful disorder . d ’ artagnan , driven to extremities , biting his moustache ; and then he charged with his twenty men and dispersed them in fear . armchair near the chimney , beautiful , pale , and resigned , looked like a holy virgin awaiting martyrdom . mousqueton ; “ there ’ s not a day , sir , that we don ’ t expect to hear that you were made marshal either instead of monsieur de gassion , or of monsieur de bassompierre . ” , perhaps , ” said morrel . four ? ” inquired caderousse . is not his element . ” ? me and i was about	118.9999771118164
to suffer dishonor . him , ” returned monte cristo ; “ but i shall probably soon make his acquaintance , for i have a credit opened with him by the house of <unk> & <unk> , of london , arstein & eskeles of vienna , and thomson & french at <unk> ” as he pronounced the two last names , the count glanced at maximilian morrel . said d ’ artagnan , pulling up his horse , which <unk> ; “ it seems their horses , too , are breaking down , as well as ours . ” fellow , edmond . ” his pocket and said , ‘ we shall see what monsieur de tréville will think of this insult offered to his <unk> . ’	106.21809387207031
” ” said the cardinal , with the greatest <unk> , “ does not tell your majesty that this innocent musketeer , this gallant man , had only an hour before attacked , sword in hand , four commissaries of inquiry , who were delegated by myself to examine into an affair of the highest importance . ” questions which met with only a word in reply , la ramee , fascinated by this sobriety in speech , rubbed his hands and engaged grimaud . ready , one written by herself , the other by her daughter , the princess henrietta . all the servants had fled . grimaud , who spoke to him in a low voice . the count , motioning the two young men to	121.53976440429688
sit down . your forty methods , your highness ? ” had received a sword cut . ” s reply to the baroness . , until his father had disappeared at the rue <unk> . the cavalcade produced a good effect ; and if mme . i am sure he <unk> ’ t yet arrived . retired by degrees as noiselessly as they had entered . opinion that i asked , ” said the queen , sharply , without even turning around . would ever accept the price of your life ? him , viscount . ” of grimaud , who never spoke a word but when his master <unk> his mouth . in her own fingers , and withdrew her hand with a shudder . ! to	95.54228210449219
the countess , who inclined herself without speaking . naked sword under his arm , allowed the duke and mme . of her sovereign <unk> , her nobles returning to their former <unk> and insolence , her enemies within her <unk> proved the great richelieu no longer in existence . secretaire in its place , and the key in the secretaire . ” said villefort . from yanina . ” before everything else , and at all risks , that i should cause all traces of the past to <unk> i should destroy every material vestige ; too much reality would always remain in my recollection . he did not recognize the infinite mercy of the lord , but at last he took patience and waited . .	196.58108520507812
” adventurous and was wont to hesitate at nothing ; and he had that lofty contempt for the populace which army officers usually profess . habitation prepared for you in which you will soon forget fatigue and cold . ” myself into the sea , gained one of the islands near here—the isle de daume or the isle de <unk> then i should have been safe . ” heart but did not reply . settle with this gentleman and i shall and will begin . ” , ” returned albert . covered with wounds , and suffers dreadfully , he says , in travelling . ” , ” said athos , “ do so . ” pronounced in my hearing once . in right of my mother ;	175.63583374023438
my grandfather and my grandmother , the marquis and marquise de saint-méran , will leave me as much , and m. noirtier evidently intends making me his heir . ” said villefort , giving up his place to morrel , “ and write what i dictate . ” ; “ only ten days after the flight of her daughter , and three days from the bankruptcy of her husband ? ” but showed the paper to dantès . that ? ” the president of the club presented himself ; the general was ready , the president informed him that one of the conditions of his introduction was that he should be eternally ignorant of the place of meeting , and that he would allow his eyes to be	102.92668914794922
bandaged , swearing that he would not endeavor to take off the bandage . ” signed noirtier . little , and made him endure the siege with patience ; but it did not prevent his getting very tired , or from talking at every moment of returning to <unk> that if the messengers and the spies had failed , his eminence , notwithstanding all his <unk> , would have found himself much embarrassed . , ” replied the magistrate , “ rely upon every reparation being made ; meanwhile , i am the bearer of an order of arrest , and although i most reluctantly perform the task assigned me , it must , nevertheless , be fulfilled . said he . ” said albert , “ whatever	168.15570068359375
disease or doctor may have killed her , m. de villefort , or rather , mademoiselle valentine , <unk> , still rather , our friend franz , inherits a magnificent fortune , amounting , i believe , to 80,000 livres per annum . ” it ! , should like a little country-house , a cottage down there under the trees , without so many <unk> over my poor body . ” the contract ? ” these garments fit me ? ” jailer ’ s visit arrived , dantès straightened the handle of the saucepan as well as he could , and placed it in its accustomed place . safe ? ” said he , timidly . heat of the summer has dried up , and which after the	146.8150177001953
autumnal storms gradually begin <unk> drop by drop , so did the count feel his heart gradually fill with the bitterness which formerly nearly overwhelmed edmond dantès . our liberty with a single promise of silence ? s clerks and the subordinates had a great deal to put up with from his ill-humor . to be driven ? ” night watch passed . to witness your grief ? ” a half from the city , d ’ artagnan , finding that in his impatience he had set out too soon , stopped to give the horses breathing time . said the voice , in a threatening accent that i had never yet heard . without withdrawing the poniard from the wound , he ran to the window ,	206.50726318359375
opened it , leaped out into the flowers of a small garden , glided onward to the stable , took out his mule , went out by a back gate , ran to a <unk> thicket , threw off his <unk> garb , took from his valise the complete <unk> of a cavalier , clothed himself in it , went on foot to the first post , secured there a horse and continued with a loose rein his journey to paris . said he , “ that woman had a child ; that child has become a man ; the tigress had a little one , the tiger has roused himself ; he is ready to spring upon <unk> ! ” and collected , put his hand to	135.85247802734375
his belt , where his loaded pistols yet remained . me . ” was a prisoner . engagement , of this love , yet i , her father , forgive you , for i see that your grief is real and deep ; and besides my own sorrow is too great for anger to find a place in my heart . of the story chalais ’ s esquire relates ? ” asked another musketeer , without addressing anyone in particular , but on the contrary speaking to everybody . was an object of almost paternal interest to one of the principal <unk> of the day , who excited her to spare no pains in the cultivation of her voice , which might hereafter prove a source of wealth	163.05555725097656
and independence . you have in your establishment , or in your family , perhaps , one of the frightful <unk> of which each century produces only one . monte cristo ; “ i have had little to do with it , for i am at variance both with the father-in-law and the young man ; there is only mademoiselle eugénie , who appears but little charmed with the thoughts of matrimony , and who , seeing how little i was disposed to persuade her to renounce her dear liberty , retains any affection for me . ” ; but this first desire of the heart is imperious . in france they are very particular on these points ; it is not sufficient , as in italy ,	126.8399429321289
to go to the priest and say , ‘ we love each other , and want you to marry us. ’ marriage is a civil affair in france , and in order to marry in an orthodox manner you must have papers which undeniably establish your identity . ” , felton . ” an ambassador worthy of the high interests he is authorized to discuss with his sovereign . ” in the first room of her apartments , which was the drawing-room . exclamation of surprise and indignation . to tell . ” are in the service of cromwell ; you hate the king . ” room . he , in a tone strangely firm for a servant speaking to his masters under such solemn circumstances , —	150.98916625976562
“ gentlemen , m. noirtier de villefort wishes to speak immediately to m. franz de quesnel , baron d ’ <unk> ” he , as well as the notary , that there might be no mistake in the person , gave all his titles to the bridegroom elect . then , to bragelonne ? ” the sailor , “ where are your companions ? engaged in this fearful plot , is he , sir ? ” asked valentine , clasping her hands . that point , for the musketeers belong to our forces and monsieur de <unk> , the substitute for monsieur d ’ artagnan , still holds his place . ” lord , ” said d ’ artagnan . athos . married , ” proceeded caderousse ;	84.38579559326172
“ but although in the eyes of the world she appeared calm , she nearly fainted as she passed la réserve , where , eighteen months before , the betrothal had been celebrated with him whom she might have known she still loved , had she looked to the bottom of her heart . of porthos upon condition that he should only be clothed and lodged , though in a handsome manner ; but he claimed two hours a day to himself , consecrated to an employment which would provide for his other wants . combined with his irony and boldness , staggered caderousse . ; i have lost all that bound me to life , death smiles and invites me to repose ; i die after my	215.69833374023438
own manner , i die exhausted and <unk> , as i fall asleep when i have paced three thousand times round my cell , —that is thirty thousand steps , or about ten leagues . ” but wishing to know what this <unk> was , about which they disputed , he remained in the same place . in upon the apparently interesting conversation passing between the countess and albert , to inquire of the former if she knew who was the fair albanian opposite , since beauty such as hers was well worthy of being observed by either sex . ” your marrying m. d ’ épinay , she would be all the more likely to listen to any other proposition . ” of which reached d ’	167.60678100585938
artagnan , reawakened in his heart a thousand sentiments , a thousand recollections that he had forgotten . ” cried he . ” she exclaimed , rising ; “ oh , yes ! ? the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete , old , middle-aged and new computers . , while the young girl , seated at the foot of a huge pine that stood in the centre of the forest , made a veil of her picturesque <unk> to hide her face from the <unk> gaze of the bandits . something might have happened at the pavilion in his absence , and that fresh information awaited him . bazin . ” said d ’ artagnan , trying	116.86598205566406
to laugh , “ do you know we look very much like a flock of silly , <unk> women ! ranged on some high ground above the camp . very much , ” said he . man to you ? ” , accompanied by planchet ; the latter , anxious about his master and curious to know what had happened to him , had taken advantage of the opportunity and brought the garments himself . name ? ” is impossible . ” looked around him . it would be disobliging athos not to leave him alone ; and in a few minutes cahusac fell , with a sword thrust through his throat . with those who oblige us , ” was dantès ’ reply ; “ for when	113.8814468383789
we do not owe them money , we owe them gratitude . ” , the sentinel who guarded the door put his head through the opening , curious as to what the king was doing . to the reading of the contract , which half paris assembled was to sign . have these fish brought to france ? ” no less insulted ; the few lines which had irritated him were certainly intended as an insult . to him . the cardinal made a sign to his esquire and the three musketeers to halt . ? , the king will have no further resources in england or in scotland ; and if he is not captured or killed , he will endeavor to pass over into france to	167.95159912109375
recruit soldiers and to <unk> himself with arms and money . to the human species ; you are a demon escaped from hell , whither we send you back again . ” d ’ artagnan . previous evening at nîmes , and , at the very door of the house where he was about to demand hospitality , he had been assassinated . of my desire to have these payments punctually , and he has been here within the last half-hour to tell me that if his ship , the _pharaon_ , did not come into port on the 15th , he would be wholly unable to make this payment . ” that of the carriages that were carrying the maskers home ; nothing was visible save a	153.05918884277344
few lights that burnt behind the windows . ” said he , “ however far i may come , it is not you who can give me a lesson in good manners , i warn you . ” has another name besides monte cristo ? ” her nurse <unk> , in the place where the <unk> cut the wood , when , passing on horseback , i stopped . other three exclaimed . clock , ” replied the count . and examined this man . ” exclaimed château-renaud , who because he had seen his thirtieth summer fancied himself duly warranted in assuming a sort of paternal air with his more youthful friend , “ you young people are never satisfied ; why , what would you have	125.48816680908203
more ? you have already given me that reason , and i find it excellent . ” with a frightful calmness . the hôtel of the musketeers , where everyone considered him a good comrade . triumph . ” carry 100,000 francs in my pocket ? ” ? ” asked he of the count , with as much indifference as he could assume . transteverin disappeared down the staircase , while his companion , <unk> his features more closely than before in the folds of his mantle , passed almost close to franz , and descended to the arena by an outward flight of steps . , placed it on the end of his sword , and waved it in the air . brought them good fortune ,	97.9489974975586
while honest men have been reduced to misery . ” , it shall be kept for him . of these people , ” said the young man , proudly , “ you have no right to insult me thus . ” him , but franz remained , in a manner , <unk> on his chair ; for in the person of him who had just entered he recognized not only the mysterious visitant to the colosseum , and the occupant of the box at the teatro argentina , but also his extraordinary host of monte cristo . . , and the notary watched her while she turned over the pages . mouston , ” he said , “ rest satisfied . , the whole coalition would be on	93.17159271240234
foot before he could even reach piombino ; if he land in tuscany , he will be in an <unk> territory ; if he land in france , it must be with a handful of men , and the result of that is easily foretold , execrated as he is by the population . and the spotless name that accompanied it , m. de tréville was admitted into the household of the young prince where he made such good use of his sword , and was so faithful to his motto , that louis xiii. , one of the good <unk> of his kingdom , was accustomed to say that if he had a friend who was about to fight , he would advise him to choose as	134.10479736328125
a second , himself first , and tréville <unk> even , perhaps , before himself . of the promise you wished me to make , ” said franz . bonacieux , “ i deceive your eminence ! ” must not trust to the face ; but in what , then , shall we place confidence , if not in the most beautiful work of the lord ? ? ” he asked . cried the people with one voice ; “ a pardon ! ” . ” me ! ” cried out winter . yes ! ” concealed in the tapestry opened , and a woman appeared . immense blast of the wind had extinguished everyone . , plunged at once into european cabals and parisian intrigues ; having	102.4014663696289
kings , and , better still , queens , to protect , parties to unite , <unk> to direct ; making more use of your cabinet with your pen and your telegraph than napoleon did of his <unk> with his sword and his victories ; possessing five-and-twenty thousand francs a year , besides your place ; a horse , for which château-renaud offered you four hundred louis , and which you would not part with ; a tailor who never <unk> you ; with the opera , the <unk> , and other <unk> , can you not amuse yourself ? with the cardinal , the queen sent for him . i saw them , and yet whenever i have seen the king in danger i have thought of	172.2658233642578
them . ” <unk> two or three times reports were spread that the cardinal had nearly been assassinated . and i can even add that i have only just left his company . to keep the strictest watch . something better . or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541 . . ” propose to do , ” said athos . and the most <unk> is my condition as a mortal being . the horse furniture very much . , i ! ’ replied he . for me ? with apparent delight , a leading article in the same paper on <unk> , probably a composition of his own . ” murmured d ’ artagnan . excellency he is the most famous bandit we have had since the days	136.5750732421875
of <unk> . ” of people in m. de villefort ’ s antechamber , but madame danglars had no occasion even to pronounce her name . in a convent ? ” replied porthos . from a superior would retain me in paris . ” ambition . ” that the statement is false . ” , a hundred times , thanks ! ” hung one of the most consummate dandies of the opera , was explaining to him rather cleverly , since he was obliged to be bold to appear at ease , his future projects , and the new luxuries he meant to introduce to parisian fashions with his hundred and seventy-five thousand livres per annum . one at this moment ; but by this evening there will	105.9394302368164
be four . ” him at the stables of the hôtel des gardes . his mercy to punish but one person , has visited this justice on him alone . ” of my husband was no longer here to defend me . the harnesses against the horse or a hundred pistoles , at your choice . ” come to speak to you of a very serious matter . ” , sir ? ” said the king . the door of those who think my people can rebel , ” cried anne , unable to dissimulate before the coadjutor , whom she looked upon , and probably with reason , as the <unk> of the tumult . very soon , ” said the doctor , looking at the corpse	67.85783386230469
before him ; “ but that ought not to astonish you ; monsieur and madame de saint-méran died as soon . good will , ” said dantès . that there was something extraordinary , looked at him steadfastly . , ” said danglars , “ you have heard of the misfortune that has befallen us ? ” was opened , and madame de morcerf alighted , leaning on her son ’ s arm . few words how d ’ artagnan had been led to choose that place of residence . me , when he saw the king was taken , and as they were passing before the house he begged in the king ’ s name that they would stop , as the king was hungry . him	66.85356903076172
. , and made kitty repeat the smallest details of the pretended interview of the _soubrette_ with de wardes when he received the letter ; how he had responded ; what was the expression of his face ; if he seemed very amorous . the answer , “ but it has lost nothing by waiting . ” my friend ; there was still that diamond left which <unk> on your finger , and which i had observed yesterday . ” care of going alone to visit the comte de la fere , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ for the count must be furious . ” the cardinal ? ” , musketeers , <unk> , succeeded one another with a rapidity which might answer the purpose of	76.11282348632812
the host very well , but agreed badly with the views of the four friends . , burning his brain and pervading his frame like a raging fever ; he arose in his turn , reached his hand to his belt , drew forth a pistol , and cocked it . aramis , “ but you forget the officer . ” a general and do not go and drink . ” providing access to a work with the phrase “ project gutenberg ” associated with or appearing on the work , you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.e.1 through 1.e.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the project gutenberg™ trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.e.8 or 1.e.9 . ; that	190.26609802246094
’ s my advice . ” ” inquired caderousse . . returned suddenly on the opposite side to that by which he had left ; he made a sign with his head to the sentinel , who , turning to the boat , said , “ _s ’ <unk> ” the italian _s ’ <unk> is <unk> ; it means at once , “ come , enter , you are welcome ; make yourself at home ; you are the master. ” it is like that turkish phrase of molière ’ s that so astonished the bourgeois gentleman by the number of things implied in its utterance . ” said the host , “ he fainted quite away . ” headsman of bethune , ” he said ,	110.82347869873047
his voice hoarse and his face livid with passion and grief . m. noirtier did not love his child , and yet he sleeps . ” that there were gold and silver fish in the basin . the king , who began to be shaken , “ was it so managed ? ” ordered his servant to introduce him into the small <unk> on the ground floor , dressed himself quickly , and went down . ” ” said the count . , rich in form , in attraction , and <unk> , with eyes of fascination , smiles of love , and bright and flowing hair . had asked for leave of absence for five days , and was gone , it was said , to rouen	106.04749298095703
on family business . was a tremendous clap of thunder , accompanied by a flash of lightning so vivid , that it quite eclipsed the light of the lamp . accustomed tranquillity . ’ said luigi , drawing back his hand ; ‘ i render a service , i do not sell it . ’ said morcerf , laughing . large glass , which reflected the whole apartment , and so , without any attempt to move , which would have been impossible , he could see all who entered the room and everything which was going on around him . ! of the alarm and inconvenience he had caused them , he told them that he had terminated the affair alone in which he had for a	113.88465118408203
moment believed he should need their assistance . she resumed , “ that he sold <unk> sold it in order to save me another <unk> be able to send a messenger to the duke to warn him of his <unk> sold it to monsieur des essarts , on whose finger i remarked it . ground floor might be heard the sound of music , with the whirl of the waltz and galop , while brilliant streams of light shone through the openings of the venetian blinds . judge of the effect she had produced . of his host , d ’ artagnan went quickly into the house , and cast a rapid glance at the bed . sent to your abode in your absence , and which was	133.15887451171875
given to me for you . ” of st. sulpice was announced . dead ; she is not guilty . it in my room , ” she said . through him—a chill even to his heart ’ s core . gave egress from the <unk> space we have been describing into the projected street , the ground having been abandoned as <unk> by its various <unk> , and had now fallen so completely in general estimation as to return not even the one-half per cent it had originally paid . <unk> and more certain if i should ask him his name and tell him yours ? ” demanded the host . that d ’ artagnan had lost his letter in the skirmish . . but on the frontier	174.3265380859375
he was met by <unk> ; he had tried victory by means of superhuman undertakings . , “ take away that man , ” he said , “ and keep him carefully in sight . a private staircase , ” said the count ; “ that is convenient . such as that , ” said danglars , “ i shall be well pleased , ” putting the draft in his pocket . ” said lord de winter , with contempt . saying that m. noirtier having at the commencement of the discussion been attacked by a sort of apoplectic fit , the affair would necessarily be deferred for some days longer . now without anybody suspecting us , for , with the help of god , we shall	106.22148132324219
henceforth pass for cardinalists . ” ” said julie , remembering valentine , but whom , with a delicacy natural to women , she did not name before her brother . the minister ’ s secretary and the <unk> , and , by way of paying extra attention to his noble neighbors , promised to keep their places while they paid a visit to beauchamp . heart of paris ; but a moment ago i heard the rumbling of the <unk> and the <unk> of the bells of the <unk> , and now i feel as if i were suddenly transported to the east ; not such as i have seen it , but such as my dreams have painted it . with the fingers . rendered him	128.47451782226562
a service that can never be forgotten ? ” iron mallet and knocked thrice , every blow seeming to dantès as if struck on his heart . now what did i do with that letter ? ” , very happy . that some misfortune has happened to them on the way . ” only had the honor of being in her society and conversing with her three or four times in my life ; but you know that even such an acquaintance as that might <unk> my doing what you ask . ” own clothes , girded on their swords , ordered mousqueton and blaisois to pay the bill and to arrange everything for immediate departure , and wrapped in their large cloaks left in search of their	145.3821563720703
game . said morrel , as he went away , “ may your new master love you as i loved you , and be more fortunate than i have been ! ” continued tréville , “ in enterprises of this kind , in order that one may arrive , four must set out . ” other cavaliers made their appearance , detached , as it seemed , from the principal group ; they again disputed the road . . out of doors , and you know she is not the woman to limit her vengeance . ” ? ” asked athos . my friend , i find one thing very evident in all this , you distrust me . ” grimaud ! ” exclaimed raoul “ here you	92.93035125732422
are at last ! valentine ’ s father and acknowledge all , begging villefort to pardon and sanction the love which united two fond and loving hearts . to the bastile ? the king , mechanically ; “ yes , certainly i know that name . ” ? ” , and he adores them by clasping his hands . them to those of my cloth who wish to become great orators . ” the least desire to learn anything you may please to conceal from me , but simply that if , through your assistance , i could distribute the legacy according to the wishes of the testator , why , so much the better , that is all . ” d ’ artagnan , rising , “	118.64173126220703
i have only one thing more to wish , which is , that the next thing you ask from me , shall <unk> life . ” ? ” demanded the irresistible voice of monte cristo . girl , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ she is the wife of that frightful <unk> you saw at the door as you came in . ” 75 . a fearful sleep . ; at dinnertime we will rouse you . ” ignorant of lord de winter ’ s designs upon me ? ” eyes , and as he withdrew , at every step he took , a disdainful smile was seen playing , then gradually burst upon her lips . asked for , ” he said , “ and what	73.02818298339844
i promised to give you . ” planchet , ” said athos ; “ besides , the tattoo has been sounded , and we should be observed if we kept a light burning much longer than the others . ” , ” replied de guiche “ and left me at liberty to come to your assistance . own i am sorry to be obliged to give up the cart and the group of <unk> would have produced such an effect ! speak frankly to you . was almost dead when you arrived . ” from the scabbard . unpleasant thing to have to report to those who were waiting . crossed swords with you , porthos ; i swear not only that it shall never again be pointed	118.65225219726562
at your breast , but that in the bottom of my heart there will never in future be the slightest hostile sentiment ; now , athos , come . ” breath , and then dived , in order to avoid being seen . resources , and he then turned to god . home safely , leave paris , leave france , and wherever you may be , so long as you conduct yourself well , i will send you a small annuity ; for , if you return home safely , then—— ” ; they said it was bad money . ” he treated me <unk> is to say , like a man who wishes , by some means or other , to obtain a footing in the	146.75839233398438
house , so that he may ultimately gain the power of dictating to its <unk> would , if it had been but once , have honored me with the smile which you <unk> so loudly ; but no , he saw that i was unhappy , he understood that i could be of no use to him , and therefore paid no attention to me whatever . appears , franz declined the honor . ” said , turning towards mercédès , “ this is m. debray , secretary of the minister for the interior , once a friend of mine . ” a man of your age , and who besides , has such a pretty wife as yours . ” be gone . ” the servant ,	104.63368225097656
announcing two fresh guests . said albert with a forced smile , “ is to marry mademoiselle danglars instead of me , which grieves me cruelly . ” ” apparitions ? ” asked athos of porthos . us talk a little seriously , ” said milady , in her turn drawing her armchair nearer to d ’ artagnan ’ s chair . monsieur . musketoon and your pistols . ” a dozen bandits who spring out of some pit , ruin , or <unk> , and level their pieces at you ? ” evinced the best intention in the world , but one of the precautions taken at vincennes was that of allowing prisoners to keep no money . . you , you could collect together to-night ?	142.47377014160156
” the major , taking a second biscuit , “ that <unk> of my happiness was indeed <unk> ” the worthy major raised his eyes to heaven and sighed . queen , too . ” he , while he did the honors of the supper with much ease and <unk> “ yes , he is a poor devil who is much devoted to me , and does all he can to prove it . man , as if to get at the truth from the bottom of his heart . but i think you have still a good number of <unk> , sparrow <unk> , and <unk> . ” faithful to me , <unk> . ” i began to cry too . means of retaining them , remember	80.49346160888672
, my lord , that i shall esteem you as having rendered the greatest service that a gentleman can render to a queen ; and in the day of my prosperity he who brings me this order and this cross shall be blessed by me and my children . ” messieurs porthos and aramis . ” a man ’ s name ; that is the name of a mountain , ” cried the poor questioner , who began to lose his head . immovable . the procureur . , ” said felton , drawing from his pocket the weapon which he had brought , according to his promise , but which he hesitated to give to his prisoner . in paris , then , monsieur porthos ? ”	68.46369171142578
said the procurator ’ s wife . his eyes were red and swollen ; it was evident that he had not slept . impatient to reach the house of thomson & french that he would not wait for the horses to be harnessed , but left word for the carriage to overtake him on the road , or to wait for him at the bankers ’ door . thought of that , ” said porthos , “ and yet it is very simple . ” athos , extending his hand to one of the grated windows by which the room was lighted ; “ you will soon know what to expect , for here he is . ” d ’ artagnan surrounded bicarat , and required him to	76.85476684570312
surrender . decided that the inspector would do nothing until his return to paris , and that he would not reach there until his circuit was finished , he therefore fixed three months ; three months passed away , then six more . . ” the noise of thunder , the roaring of a volcano , can not be compared with the tempest of cries heard at that moment . wish me to send to you ? ” ” by a long and fearful state of terrified silence on the part of those who were left behind . by having made a stiff ? —having assassinated a man ? ” said franz , continuing his investigation . should be restored to favor , don ’ t forget me	134.82876586914062
. ” deprived of reason , yet he was meditating . ; be sure of that . . ” him . , ” said he . more happy , for only now did he begin to realize his felicity . , and he will marry haydée , the daughter of ali pasha of yanina , whom i have brought up with the love of a father , and who has shown the love and tenderness of a daughter for me , he will thus accomplish my last wish . porthos ; his opinion has been given . ” ; enough blood has flowed , enough misery has humbled a town deprived of its king and of justice . dear companion , ” said he , “ you speak	117.28534698486328
of the <unk> , <unk> , and princesses of others ? ” athos , porthos , aramis , and d ’ artagnan , forward ! ” cried athos . to be there , ” replied the young man , rising . trust , excuse me , monsieur , for not calling you by your title when i first addressed you , ” he said , “ but you are aware that we are living under a popular form of government , and that i am myself a representative of the <unk> of the people . ” the money he has given you . ” mother , ” replied albert . other politely , for if no friendship existed between them , there was at least esteem . by	56.635223388671875
it ? joy and admiration , ran to a closet and drew forth workmen ’ s clothes , which the four friends immediately put on ; they then left the hotel , athos carrying a saw , porthos a <unk> , aramis an axe and d ’ artagnan a hammer and some nails . said monte cristo ; “ i have seen him sleep with a sword suspended over his head . ” on the spot named . , ” cried the cardinal to the equestrian ; “ i see plainly that , notwithstanding the <unk> years that have passed over your head , you are still the same man , active and zealous . ended , fernand ’ s career was checked by the long peace which	132.5327606201172
seemed likely to endure throughout europe . that , take away my life also . ” milady had stabbed herself . armentières , it would be easy to make her believe that d ’ artagnan had not come to béthune . , that the other might not see how joy at the thought of having a companion <unk> the sympathy he felt for the failure of the abbé ’ s plans . we should forget it ? ” difficulty in believing such things , my pretty dear , were it only from self-love . ” <unk> of the priest . ” clumsy bed , hung with such gloomy , <unk> drapery ! intend visiting ? raoul : should you be wounded in a battle , and fall from	161.13990783691406
your horse , if you have any strength left , <unk> yourself from the line that your regiment has formed ; otherwise , it may be driven back and you will be trampled to death by the horses . ’ artagnan cleared the ditch by the roadside and crossed the plain so as to wind around the village . as he wished , the man then drew from his pocket something which the count could not discern , placed it on a stand , then went straight to the secretaire , felt the lock , and contrary to his expectation found that the key was missing . presence of witnesses ! see anything that was not <unk> , talked to him as usual . , during which these	167.26004028320312
two persons , who at first sight recognized each other so clearly as of noble race , examined each other without embarrassment on either side . that ’ s five ; and in five minutes we shall have galloped a quarter of a league . ” i have been a coward ; i have denied god and he has abandoned me . ” d ’ artagnan ; the rapier had pierced his bosom . , the king of spain . ” snare , ” said athos ; “ don ’ t go , d ’ artagnan . ” thought , but the subject of their reflections was not the same . secretly agitated and on the morrow the gray and black cloaks , the patrols of armed <unk>	112.11528778076172
, and the bands of mendicants reappeared . o ’ clock . was ill , and i wished to bring her help , ” responded the maid , frightened at the terrible expression which had come over her mistress ’ s face . , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ upon that very horse i came to paris . ” a christian , ” cried dantès , guessing instinctively that this man meant to abandon him . her door stopped , as if he had been changed into stone . , still shaking his head . with an air of stupid curiosity . but i will tell you a true story , my lord . ” dance begin ? ” party , did he once mistake one	69.95587921142578
door for another , or commit the smallest error when choosing any particular corridor or staircase to conduct him to a place or suite of rooms he desired to visit . the height of joy ; he had realized the plan he had imagined beforehand , whose <unk> had produced the smiles we noted upon his face . then said , “ this is it , word for word : ‘ the king ’ s attorney is informed by a friend to the throne and religion , that one edmond dantès , mate on board the _pharaon_ , this day arrived from smyrna , after having touched at naples and porto-ferrajo , has been intrusted by murat with a packet for the usurper ; again , by the	232.1994171142578
usurper , with a letter for the bonapartist club in paris . ” said morrel , “ if this be so , it must be a miracle of heaven ! burning head he desired olivain to lead on the horses to a <unk> inn , which he observed within gunshot range , a little in advance of the place they had reached . woman . ” , who was asleep . it left ; all the rest were broken by my fall . . ” ; i wish to speak to him . ” you forbidden ? ” if they heard him shout like a madman ? <unk> , and pockets 300,000 francs . said the tutor , joining in the conversation . his lackey to approach .	95.30976104736328
, ” said athos , shrugging his shoulders ; “ i should like to know what you would say if i were to relate to you a real tale of love ! ” sake , madame , ” said villefort , with a firmness of expression not altogether free from <unk> “ for heaven ’ s sake , do not ask pardon of me for a guilty wretch ! , engaged for the purpose , had carried noirtier from valentine ’ s room into his own , and contrary to all expectation there was no difficulty in withdrawing him from his child . coming . ” man , who carried in his hand something long and flexible rolled up , resembling a <unk> line . of buckingham ,	90.56884002685547
” said mme . should be appointed to a regiment what would his guardian say ? ” stranger time to pronounce his name before the count was apprised of his arrival . irreproachable name , as i do , one is rather sensitive . ” into their calash , both dressed in feminine attire . ” mouth of mme . , ” said d ’ artagnan to his servant , “ that they wished no harm to us . ” over the pale lips of milady . and figure of teresa , and teresa was as handsome as carmela . duel ? ” asked albert in his turn , astonished at this strange theory . we succeeded , and worked up to <unk> . men who are now	110.6935043334961
on monte cristo ? ” i want money . ” said aramis , “ do not expect to find anything in abbeville . for you with my knife . ” room , and tried to read , but his eye glanced over the page without understanding a word , and he threw away the book , and for the second time sat down to sketch his plan , the ladders and the fence . indicated , and reached the <unk> situated at the opposite extremity of the city from that by which he and his friends had entered it . he had four millions per annum . ” of m. morrel , to whom , next to my father , i owe every blessing i enjoy , every	100.04174041748047
difficulty has been removed . drinkers . felt the duke ’ s arms on his shoulders like two iron claws ; but instead either of calling out or defending himself , he placed his forefinger on his lips and said in a low tone : close under the wall , then crossed a path , hid entered a clump of trees . but what are you going to do until this evening ? that is , perhaps , somewhat too hasty ; but i have <unk> to repress it . astonishing , when you think of the grief i ought to be in , that i shut myself up ? <unk> me ! ” man with light hair whose face expressed a hundred times more emotion than that	150.03463745117188
which characterized the prisoner . ” the same lofty tone , “ answer ! letter to him , and tell him to sell out without an instant ’ s delay , perhaps even now i shall arrive too late . ” came to announce that the horses were ready , and they were arising from table , the stranger proposed to porthos to drink the health of the cardinal . , which , owing to the noise , could scarcely have been heard , two or three musket shots resounded , succeeded by a terrible discharge . the chancellor , ” replied the young lady ; “ he has just gone , and i am sure he ’ ll be exceedingly sorry not to have had the pleasure	115.5788803100586
of seeing you before he went . ” ” cried milady , “ but they see not ; ears have they , but they hear not . ” panther ! , ” thought d ’ artagnan ; “ he will spare me the _ennui_ of the bastille , or the <unk> of a trial . fatigued , had descended to the garden of his house , and in a gloomy mood , similar to that in which <unk> <unk> off the <unk> <unk> , he began knocking off with his cane the long and dying branches of the rose-trees , which , placed along the avenue , seemed like the spectres of the brilliant flowers which had bloomed in the past season . , and who knows what	108.91091918945312
future advantages may result from the interview ? that of the women of epirus , consisted of a pair of white satin trousers , embroidered with pink roses , displaying feet so exquisitely formed and so delicately fair , that they might well have been taken for <unk> marble , had not the eye been undeceived by their movements as they constantly <unk> in and out of a pair of little slippers with <unk> <unk> , beautifully ornamented with gold and pearls . , and continued to descend . be a good cook ; do you recollect how you used to <unk> your fingers ? puzzled how to write such a letter , and yet the chancellor draws up an official report very readily . was drawn ,	322.2153015136719
and glittered in the air like lightning . for just five minutes , sword in hand , upon this deserted terrace . ” said , “ there he is at his post . ” milady , “ but i shall lose that which is much dearer to me than life , i shall lose my honor , felton ; and it is you , you whom i make responsible , before god and before men , for my shame and my infamy . ” full casks , ” said blaisois , “ for he has already been in the hold with monsieur le chevalier d ’ artagnan . therefore superstitious . arm to mme . than that , ” said athos ; “ do not let us leave	82.95368957519531
him during the whole evening . fright last night , ” replied dantès , smiling , “ that i have almost lost my memory . , porthos , but for one thing , which may change the current of your ideas ; and that is , that it is not those gentlemen who are in the greatest danger , it is ourselves ; it is not to abandon them that we have separated , but to avoid compromising them . ” the old man . , madame ; excuse me . ” began her course they lost sight of the yacht , as it disappeared in the gulf of porto-vecchio . villefort is preparing against my amiable <unk> brigand escaped from the gallows apparently . ” knows that	102.23362731933594
poor house well . ’ artagnan to approach , and he obeyed . fiercely as they made their demand , and the red light of the fire made them look like demons . such things from such a man as you ! porthos , with a sigh , “ it is amusing . ” friend , you are not yet registered number one on board the good ship _pharaon_ ; ” then turning towards edmond , who was walking away , “ a pleasant journey , ” he cried . then , whenever you think it will be most useful , for my eldest son ’ s welfare . this , baron , that captain morrel saved your life . ” monte cristo “ happily , yes ,	126.80136108398438
conscience does remain ; and if it did not , how wretched we should be ! was , and what a stupid fellow i am ! out of the family in order to enrich some hospital ; but it is ridiculous thus to yield to the caprices of an old man , and i shall , therefore , act according to my conscience . ” to the report you allude to ” <unk> perceived that the cardinal wished to make him speak <unk> “ i know nothing but what the public knows . said debray , like the rest , paying an involuntary <unk> to the sad event , — “ poor girl , so young , so rich , so beautiful ! come now to what is	173.67364501953125
most difficult . ” remorse by twenty years of good deeds ; i have assuaged the natural ferocity of those who shed blood ; on every occasion i have exposed my life to save those who were in danger , and i have preserved lives in exchange for that i took away . count ? ” continued he . room into which andrea had been led , he saw , while his eyes dilated with surprise , the dark and intelligent face of m. bertuccio , who was also gazing with sad astonishment upon the iron bars , the bolted doors , and the shadow which moved behind the other grating . sir , ” said mazarin , “ there will be no danger of losing yourselves .	143.96156311035156
” early i should be afraid of awakening your majesty . ” what a pace he <unk> the wind ! ” gentlemen , and does not m. mouston ’ s suggestion appear to you full of sense ? ” lad , then ? ” continued caderousse . arrows must have pleased my father , ” added albert with a laugh . look at him well , that his face may not be forgotten , for this evening he is going to render us a great service . ” ? said , “ the count ’ s generosity is too overwhelming ; valentine will be satisfied with my humble fortune . surprise , but andrea appeared quite unmoved . i regret ; no , i will never pronounce that	106.0714111328125
sentence , which would not be orthodox . ” weakness fails , from its debilitated and imperfect organs . and passed the upper part of her body through the window . his being a <unk> young fellow . ” ” i am alone in the world . ” the pleasure , ” replied the count ; “ but i have not seen your father . ” chosen this drawing-room , where you see , smiling and happy in their magnificent frames , your portrait , mine , my mother ’ s , and all sorts of rural landscapes and touching <unk> . my house ? ” turn , monsieur le chevalier . ” them myself or shall send a courier directing you to bring them to me .	114.67637634277344
the coadjutor has promised . ” down there by the wall , in the direction of the catalans ? danglars , shrugging his shoulders ; “ ah , well ; he would care very little about it , i think . ” of the last hours of charles i . you have me do with that ? ” said the englishman . , ” said d ’ artagnan , and he presented the note to his comrades . ” cried valentine ; “ why did you not bring him close to the gate , so that i could talk to him and <unk> him ? ” see ; how do you wish to occupy yourself during <unk> ? ” . ” , as subterranean waters <unk> in their	60.5344352722168
caves . me . own opinion , albert ? ” . ” you shall know . ” wished to learn all he possibly could concerning his host . the four friends waited in expectation . outlook it would have been to serve the cardinal ! two , ” said aramis . s silence , during which one could have fancied the hall empty , so profound was the stillness . a furious royalist ; but , in spite of that , and of his being king ’ s attorney , he is a man like ourselves , and i fancy not a bad sort of one . ” madame , ” he said ; “ if , on my return , justice has not been satisfied , i	80.55424499511719
will denounce you with my own mouth , and arrest you with my own hands ! ” , ’ muttered the jeweller ; ‘ and improbable as it seemed at first , it may be true . . ” , ” said he , “ that i am taken to the château d ’ if to be imprisoned there ? ” ? ” said the count ; “ but that is not in the country . , mercédès , have you no request to make ? ” said the count . the abbé busoni himself , ” replied monte cristo . paces of you , monsieur , ” replied the procurator ’ s wife ; “ but you did not perceive me because you had no eyes but	43.76902389526367
for the pretty lady to whom you just now gave the holy water . ” escape of being eaten . silence ; but at length the two englishmen felt ashamed to draw back , and the <unk> one descended the five or six steps which led to the cellar , and gave a kick against the door enough to split a wall . was for the moment clouded , then it shone with unusual lustre , and a large tear rolled down his cheek . his meaning . ) , the count instinctively shrunk to the extreme end of the boat , and the owner was obliged to call out , in his sweetest tone of voice : . , threw a shade over the pallid brow of	182.3397216796875
felton . light vainly endeavoring to penetrate the narrow opening . history of the hundred days , m. bertuccio , ” said the count ; “ unless i am mistaken , it has been already written . ” closed , was standing grasping the <unk> . the young woman started , and exclaimed in a sharp , bantering tone , which sounded strangely in the darkness , “ are you afraid , dear monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ” the first place , to ask me to take a turn with you ? ” ” the anticipated pleasures of the carnival , with the “ holy week ” that was to succeed it , so filled every fair breast , as to prevent the least attention being bestowed	119.29876708984375
even on the business of the stage . . ” course , i track its passage ; i adopt the wisdom of the ancients , and feel my way , for my friendship for your family and my respect for you are as a twofold bandage over my eyes ; well—— ” hastened to obey the count ’ s summons , went forth from his master ’ s presence in charmed amazement at the unusual animation and pleasure depicted on features ordinarily so stern and cold ; while , as though dreading to put to flight the agreeable ideas hovering over his patron ’ s meditations , whatever they were , the faithful nubian walked on tiptoe towards the door , holding his breath , lest its faintest	247.3917236328125
sound should dissipate his master ’ s happy reverie . good parry , i am listening . ” his arms . book , he <unk> with the greatest care all the entries of the amounts he had just paid away . so completely transformed , thanks to the old clothes that the departing husband had left behind , that d ’ artagnan himself could hardly recognize him . saw a door with an iron wicket . desk , he said , striking the letter with the back of his right hand : him , edmond ? ” than appeal for help ; but he could look , and with that look ask assistance . my lord , ” said felton ; “ but as the prisoner is a	120.32150268554688
woman , after all , i wish to pay her the attention that every man of gentle birth owes to a woman , if not on her account , at least on my own . ” his head . told already , monseigneur , ” cried bonacieux , giving his interrogator the title he had heard the officer give him , “ but i swear to you that i know nothing about it . ” mr. o ’ reilly , you are my prisoner . . ” , the duc de beaufort pillaged the house and library of mazarin , in order to give the populace , as he put it , something to gnaw at . even by his terror . his heart with fresh emotion ;	96.48540496826172
his first and most indelible recollections were there ; not a tree , not a street , that he passed but seemed filled with dear and cherished memories . it ? ” ’ s instinct , guessed that morrel would be monte cristo ’ s second , and from the young man ’ s well-known courage and his great affection for the count , she feared that he would not content himself with the passive part assigned to him . at this moment be a dead fish in the nets at saint cloud , for it was a question of nothing less than throwing me into the river . flashed out , but only for a moment ; it became as dull and vacant as before . dear	172.53802490234375
boy ; they will come in due season ; it is only a question of how much shall be charged for them. ” morcerf then , with that delighted philosophy which believes that nothing is impossible to a full purse or <unk> pocketbook , supped , went to bed , slept soundly , and dreamed he was <unk> all over rome at carnival time in a coach with six horses . ’ artagnan was soon perfected . of 175,000 livres . the ground , my mother had fainted . ” least attention to him , and entering the king ’ s room , followed by his companion : the <unk> , the cromwells ? ” an ambassador so brave , so magnificent , so elegant , that every	186.03982543945312
woman lost her heart to him ; and the queen had even the indiscretion to give him certain ornaments so rare that they could never be replaced by any like them . , speak , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i listen . ” means of satisfying himself whither mme . this conversation to a fitting termination ( the last we shall ever hold upon this subject ) , i will repeat to you some words i have heard from the lips of the abbé busoni . very young . ” a keeper like la ramee , i should try also to have introduced to him by some friend or other a man who would be devoted to me , who would assist me in my	117.71968841552734
flight . ” if renée could see me , i hope she would be satisfied , and would no longer call me a <unk> . ” ” replied athos ; “ and your bitter recollections have time to change themselves into sweet remembrances . ” to avoid meeting him , my mother and i left town . ” times , yes ! ” ” said the host , “ i have been wrong . . him responsible for the evils that hung over them . was a noble gentleman , ” said planchet , “ was he not ? hand . <unk> . the day before , they lost sight of him at the corner of the rue coq-héron . ” sir , have pity on me !	72.43302917480469
” ’ artagnan is in our hands , and you shall be confronted with him . ” something easier to grant . ” that you will support the project gutenberg™ mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing project gutenberg™ works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the project gutenberg™ name associated with the work . yes , ” said the king , in a melancholy tone ; “ and it is very sad , believe me , to see thus two parties in france , two heads to royalty . was about to retire , she was cheered with a ray of hope , for she thought he was about to speak ; but his lips moved without any sound	113.18783569335938
leaving his mouth , and making a powerful effort to control himself , he sent back to his heart the words that were about to escape from his lips , and went out . made their way in the world by the means of women blushing . villefort opened a large register , then went to a table , from the table turned to his registers , and then , turning to morrel , rather <unk> than otherwise ; men who did not wish to be seen would not light a fire . ” was the first to rise . you , as faithfully as you have promised me that this horrible marriage shall not take place , and that if you are dragged before a magistrate or	107.4786605834961
a priest , you will refuse . ” hasty , it ’ s true , but at bottom i have discovered two good qualities in him—he is <unk> and stupid . ” honor , is at the other end of the village ; i know it well . ” steaming from his brow , and slowly entered the arbor , whose shade seemed to restore somewhat of calmness to his senses , and whose coolness somewhat of refreshment to his exhausted body . presence . ” grateful , monsieur , if you will , at some future time , renew your offer , but i have been flattered with the hope of being introduced to the countess , and i will therefore wait . ” ” knees ,	112.1946029663086
at the same time holding me up towards heaven , as if she desired , while praying to god in my behalf , to raise me actually to his presence . ” ask to be your captain , ’ said the young man . at once , then ? ” inquired mordaunt . which the door remained open , everyone became mute , and amid the general silence the young man crossed part of the length of the antechamber , and entered the apartment of the captain of the musketeers , congratulating himself with all his heart at having so narrowly escaped the end of this strange quarrel . wish for only one harness . ” orator of great <unk> of france under louis xv . ? ”	98.60426330566406
been the case , he would not have perished by so dreadful a death . ” planchet , gallop up to it whilst i <unk> my horse ’ s <unk> , and come back and tell me if there is a light in any of the jesuits ’ windows . ” nothing . he , “ i see ; but you shall not kill me today . for a moment , as if rooted to their seats ; they questioned each other with vague and stupid glances . restrain her tears ; but no evil impressions were taken from her grief as she was known to be very much attached to her relatives , about whom she was constantly having serious <unk> with her husband . with moral	130.5631103515625
uneasiness had produced the effect so long desired . wish to have a share in my revenge . a purse fell at my <unk> contained five-and-twenty louis ; i raised my head quickly , and saw mercédès , who at once shut the blind . ” albert , rising , “ i will do myself the honor of sending my seconds to you , and you will be kind enough to arrange with them the place of meeting and the weapons . ” my dear porthos ; that man is a messenger of general cromwell ; it would insure for us a poor reception , i imagine , should it be announced to him that we had twisted the neck of his confidant . ” ; the banker	116.28292846679688
accompanied him to the door . fire on him ? ” his bolts drawn , and made a terrified bound . <unk> will not be seen . , buttoned up close , decorated with the legion of honor . ” shook his head . he perfectly understood the old man ’ s vocabulary , and if he did not use it more often , it was only indifference and _ennui_ which prevented him from so doing . from the hands of the herdsman , he preceded his guests , not as a servant who <unk> an act of civility , but like a king who precedes ambassadors . last night , when fortunately you did not accompany him , as his carriage was crossing the rue de la	118.20021057128906
ferronnerie his guards insulted the people , who began to abuse them . 40,000 francs for your share , besides the 100,000 you furnished me to begin with , making in all <unk> francs for your portion . , ” said the curate . two sons of <unk> , who had lost their brother . conspirators . ” the secret of the medicis or the borgias . ” behind him was a pursuing boat , and he redoubled his exertions , increasing rapidly his distance from the château , but exhausting his strength . and the man was better . he in a voice perfectly calm , and no muscle of his countenance disturbed , “ well , my dear vampa , it appears to me that you	136.54270935058594
receive a friend with a great deal of ceremony . ” those gray cloaks , but the gray cloaks held their ground and the marshal retired toward the rue saint honore , leaving four of his guards dead on the field of battle . d ’ artagnan , “ you care little if she kills buckingham or causes him to be killed ? ” asked the young man . . his knees , and , clasping his hands convulsively , uttered a prayer intelligible to god alone . cardinal . to wait two hours for the gentleman , and three for the diplomatist . ? ” ali , who stood in the lobby , the count took albert ’ s arm . said . greater terror seized him	115.0896987915039
on passing by the cemetery of st. jean , where state criminals were buried . caderousse ; “ i am murdered ! ” on at the approaching assizes ; when , on the <unk> of <unk> is to say , precisely three months and five days after the events which had <unk> my <unk> abbé busoni , whom i never ventured to believe i should see , presented himself at the prison doors , saying he understood one of the prisoners wished to speak to him ; he added , that having learned at marseilles the particulars of my imprisonment , he hastened to comply with my desire . warned , vicomte . hand upon his brow , which , at first pale , had become red and	121.2690658569336
burning ; then he suddenly arose and looked around as though he had lost his <unk> wanted air . things you can do with project gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg™ electronic works . wills . ” de winter would come , and by his presence give fresh strength to her jailer . father , that they should either ask the cardinals to open the cupboard , or shake hands with them ; but alexander vi . , tell one thing at a time , and do not say i told you . ” to <unk> up the balls , which were picked up by la ramee and the guard . from a want	156.14581298828125
of affection ; on the contrary , from a firm conviction . young , m. andrea , to think of marrying ? ” in advance of them , an hour , perhaps . just for that reason that we have called you , my good m. mouston . cardinal spoke in his most <unk> <unk> “ except to beg of you to forgive my unworthy suspicions . got down to defend monsieur de comminges and my horse was taken away . my prosperity i forgot those old friends , monsieur ; because i have acted like queen marie de medicis , who , returning from her first exile , treated with contempt all those who had suffered for her and , being proscribed a second time , died	180.13404846191406
at cologne abandoned by every one , even by her own son . ” . ” approaching evil ? this evening , ” he said “ return in two hours . ” madame danglars ; “ yet i think this will all pass off , and that you will one day see her enter your study . ” , listened for a moment to the flickering of the lamp , the only sound in that deserted room , and then advanced to the table to see if valentine ’ s glass were empty . , beauchamp steadily raised his eyes to albert ’ s countenance , and then as gradually lowering them , he remained thoughtful for a few moments . recall your remembrances . ” he was	115.4888687133789
revolving some unfortunate idea in his mind . lieutenant , ” replied the musketeer , who saw the business was a serious one . heir to lord de winter , if lord de winter did not marry . that , monseigneur , it is true , ” said athos ; “ we do conspire , as your eminence might have seen the other morning . which was that felton would appear at the breakfast hour ; but felton did not come . of us is then true . that gentleman against whom you had the audacity , about twelve days ago , to make an accusation of passing false money ? ” , “ may you and yours be blessed ! ” of each sort ? ” asked	101.41477966308594
danglars . their <unk> press yours in <unk> keep up a whispering <unk> you to accompany them home . . the count , “ how very ungrateful women are . she , “ that need not make you uneasy , however difficult it may at first sight appear to be . , my dear count , ” said albert , “ for following you here , and i must first tell you that it was not the fault of your servants that i did so ; i alone am to blame for the indiscretion . the man , who was young and pale , bowing with ease and courtesy , “ pardon my curiosity , but i see you come from paris , or at least that you	102.12902069091797
are strangers at boulogne . ” her gratitude ; but shall i likewise return worthy of your love ? ” about it ? ” said he , “ i think he will not be sorry to inherit his fortune , and he who <unk> the day when he can touch his five hundred thousand will not be his worst friend . ” would be , in fact , almost an abdication , and an abdication requires reflection . ” he , “ although a companion is agreeable , perfect freedom is sometimes still more agreeable . morning . ” others from speaking of them before him , although it was easy to perceive that this kind of conversation , in which he only mingled by bitter words and	126.2491455078125
misanthropic remarks , was very disagreeable to him . ; but , though unwilling to introduce money matters into our present conversation , i will just say this <unk> her extreme dislike to me has its origin there ; and i much fear she <unk> me the fortune i enjoy in right of my mother , and which will be more than doubled at the death of m. and mme . feel queer ! ” cried blaisois . , ” said aramis , giving up his sword to porthos . army was <unk> , and that he should return by <unk> , <unk> , le <unk> , and nîmes ; and , if i had any money , he prayed me to leave it for him at nîmes	129.46763610839844
, with an innkeeper with whom i had dealings . ” society in paris at the period we bring before our readers , when monte cristo went one evening to pay m. danglars a visit . to the most horrible tortures he could imagine , and found them all insufficient , because after torture came death , and after death , if not repose , at least the boon of <unk> . should i not receive a reply in the space of fifteen days , i shall presume my letter will have <unk> . situation of the musketeer had nothing in it to render his friends uneasy , his weakness having been purely and simply caused by loss of blood . letter to general cromwell . ” on	169.4435272216797
the matter . s or the queen ’ s . well-known voice above him pronounced these words : in england ? ” he asked ; but de winter seemed not to hear his words and made no reply . , ” said monte cristo . ” and d ’ artagnan rushed into athos ’ s chamber . question occupied another five minutes . ” said d ’ artagnan . ” said mazarin , “ since everything must be done as you wish . ” look at a sideboard on which was a superb <unk> of silver . , we will do better than <unk> each take a half . ” our <unk> <unk> or slashes from your sword . ” any such <unk> of regular and proper rules	71.57659912109375
should be made in his favor . a trembling hand , looked for the address , which was wanting , became very pale , opened it slowly , then seeing by the first words that it was addressed to the king of spain , he read it rapidly . him and touched his shoulder . . ; have what you will ; ” and he made a sign to franz to take what he pleased . what you mean , ” he said ; “ you refer to the terrible rumors spread abroad in the world , that the deaths which have kept me in mourning for the last three months , and from which valentine has only escaped by a miracle , have not happened by natural	112.48880004882812
means . ” distinguished the approaching steps of the jailer . a dark lantern . before , only do not wait so long , all the springs of life are now exhausted in me , and death , ” he continued , looking at his paralyzed arm and leg , “ has but half its work to do . that i accept the place she offers me in her box . common , and few days passed without some city or other registering in its archives an event of this kind . wait ; directly afterwards the door was opened wide enough to admit her , and when she had passed through , it was again shut . the king and with the remainder sweep away this mob	224.1510467529297
for me . ” , ” said the captain . to take my advice , ” said the young man coldly , “ i would recommend you to travel . ” ? ” ” he at length muttered , “ do you see ? ” to his orders , tapped at the window of the porter ’ s lodge , saying : franz , “ i have one request to make . ” prevent you refusing hospitality to his son-in-law , sir ! numerous . ” the same ? ” said he , “ and shall i never succeed in overcoming the old <unk> ? d ’ if chapter 21 . name , i think ? ” , ” replied the count ; “ did you not say	48.698604583740234
something of an infant ? ” , even your own shadow . ” my dear <unk> of wisdom , ” said louis xviii. , laughing ; “ the greatest captains of antiquity amused themselves by casting pebbles into the <unk> plutarch ’ s life of <unk> <unk> . ” place , well supplied with <unk> and fine trees ; a comfortable habitation , although abandoned for a long time , without reckoning the furniture , which , although old , is yet valuable , now that old things are so much sought after . ” continued the count , “ complaints are unavailing , be a man , be strong , be full of hope , for i am here and will watch over you . ” for	149.95452880859375
him , ” replied villefort , wringing his hands ; “ how i have called him in my long sleepless nights ; how i have longed for royal wealth to purchase a million of secrets from a million of men , and to find mine among them ! with the evident intention of <unk> the road , but some one having perceived the obstacle had partially turned it aside . full , just as it was when she threw the contents into the ashes . on his lips , uttered in the depths of his soul a groan which would have made villefort fly had he but heard it . remove her lips from his kisses ; only she did not respond to them . the guards .	181.85018920898438
” power , therefore ; take as large an escort as you like . ” , the painful sensation became most intense ; if , on the contrary , he appeared , his noble countenance , his brilliant eyes , his amiability , his polite attention even towards madame danglars , soon dispelled every impression of fear . ” he said , “ reply to my question . gentlemen ; come , m. villefort , for a declaration to be available , should be made before the <unk> authorities . ” out to-night for paris . ” i see you know something already ; you will restore me to life . ” steps forward . m. d ’ avrigny , and antoinette his niece . albert , with	114.39380645751953
a sigh , “ it seems you are determined to marry me . ” of the petty island of elba , after having held sovereign sway over one-half of the world , counting as his subjects a small population of five or six thousand souls , —after having been accustomed to hear the “ <unk> <unk> ” of a hundred and twenty millions of human beings , uttered in ten different languages , <unk> looked upon here as a ruined man , separated forever from any fresh connection with france or claim to her throne . exclaimed julie ; “ do you leave us thus , so suddenly , without any preparations for your journey , without even a passport ? ” might take place during this night	213.3099365234375
which approached so <unk> large masses of cloud rolled over the face of the sky , and distant lightning announced a storm . d ’ artagnan that his presentiments had not deceived him , and that a great misfortune had happened . of this address d ’ artagnan had seized porthos ’ s arm , which he pressed with gradually increasing force . repeated i. oh , i declare to you , felton , i thought him mad ! bastards who are thus fortunate . , how was it done ? ” said la ramee , “ the matter concerns you , for you will have the honor to serve us ; and besides , however good an appetite we may have and however great our thirst ,	152.50819396972656
there will be something left on the plates and in the bottles , and that something will be yours . ” mere question of speed . ” and they neither saw nor heard of cucumetto . was considered disobliging by an englishman to refuse to pledge him . valentine , “ whatever happens , i promise you not to fear . ” her arm under that of d ’ artagnan , and urged him forward eagerly . mine would have sunk beneath this ordeal ; but my love came out from it more ardent and more eternal . arrested , and that will give him time ; in three days i will tell them who i am , and they can not fail to let me go .	120.90934753417969
’ ” despatched him at once , he felt that they would not kill him at all . bearing that we are people of condition . ” , belongs not to him ; it is mine , in return for my having myself saved him from death . ” and when the door was closed he drew out of his pocket a pencil and a sheet of paper . the door ? ” to take place ? ” he committed ? ” athos to raoul , as he entered , “ you will conduct my lord as far as his hotel and permit no one to approach him . ” he spoke , maximilian drew a letter from the purse and gave it to the count ) —	77.70540618896484
“ this letter was written by him the day that my father had taken a desperate resolution , and this diamond was given by the generous unknown to my sister as her dowry . ” honor ? friend , add to his natural devotedness a good sum of money , and then , instead of answering for him once , answer for him twice . ” , my friend ; for in losing him you would lose your barony , which you have in your grasp , to say nothing of the fact that , were he once out of this , mazarin would have you hanged . ” his aid ; his energetic spirit , that would have exalted in thus <unk> the past , was imprisoned	138.52268981933594
like an eagle in a cage . ” replied the president , “ you are no longer in the assembly , and have only to do with individuals ; do not insult them unless you wish to be held <unk> ” but instead of listening , m. d ’ épinay went on , — “ you are still as brave in your carriage as in your assembly because you are still four against <unk> ” the president stopped the coach . perfectly safe to administer to the paralyzed frame of m. noirtier , which has become gradually accustomed to it , would be sufficient to kill another person . ” while , the maternal kiss probably not offering sufficient recompense for the trouble he must take to obtain	172.70108032226562
it ; however at length he decided , leaped out of the window into a cluster of heliotropes and <unk> , and ran to his mother , his forehead streaming with perspiration . de bouillon they came across a little troop of three cavaliers , who seemed to know every possible password ; for they walked without either guide or escort , and on arriving at the barricades had nothing to do but to speak to those who guarded them , who instantly let them pass with evident deference , due probably to their high birth . was visible around the mouth , and he breathed painfully , and with extreme difficulty . the family from whom all these particulars had been asked received a handsome present ,	244.9863739013672
consisting of an entirely new fishing-boat , with two <unk> and a tender . , everybody is discontented , everybody complains , but ‘ everybody ’ means ‘ nobody . ’ ” host and hostess pierced the vault of the cellar . was engaged that evening , and another the next , so the meeting was fixed for the day after that . flash of light , which was extinguished instantly , was seen on the land , and the sound of firearms reached the yacht . replied la ramee , “ my lord—— ” , and find them , i conjure you . ” was probably a person who , like franz , preferred the enjoyment of solitude and his own thoughts to the frivolous <unk> of	176.1805419921875
the guides . ? ” asked he . repent ? ” beforehand to my friends as an enchanter of the _arabian nights_ , a <unk> of the middle ages ; but the parisians are so subtle in paradoxes that they mistake for caprices of the imagination the most incontestable truths , when these truths do not form a part of their daily existence . is the air we breathe ? ” said mordaunt , “ and they will be far from thinking of you . doubt , of his <unk> confidence by his adventure of chantilly , played with skill and prudence . then ? ” ; that is precisely what i mean , ” said danglars , almost digging his nails into his breast , while he	149.37425231933594
preserved on his harsh features the smile of the heartless though clever man ; “ <unk> , that is it . ” he , “ they likewise have refused me . ” his side , went up to the landlady , praised her <unk> was a horrible production from the country of <unk> heard from her that there were only two houses of importance in the village ; one of these belonged to the archbishop of paris , and was at that time the abode of his niece the duchess of longueville ; the other was a convent of jesuits and was the <unk> by no means unusual <unk> these worthy fathers . you ? ” ” continued he , after a moment ’ s silence , “	116.6864013671875
conceal from you , that while your probity and exactitude up to this moment are universally acknowledged , yet the report is current in marseilles that you are not able to meet your liabilities . ” forsooth , to distribute his authority on this occasion . ” if i had been his son , and in 1814 he married . had then been left entirely to madame danglars and lucien debray . , — “ it is a pity you do not understand either ancient or modern greek , both of which haydée speaks so fluently ; the poor child will be obliged to talk to you in italian , which will give you but a very false idea of her powers of conversation . ” the people	184.79054260253906
, of whom you can dispose , and i will bring you the citizens and the parliament ; with these four elements paris is ours in a week ; and believe me , monsieur coadjutor , the court will give from fear what it will not give from good-will . ” , is the <unk> of all this , i confess , ” said the cardinal . curtain , watched the departure he had been waiting for . ” , then ? ” whether you have long possessed it ? ” by fair means ; and before we had time to draw our swords , two of our party were dead , and athos , grievously wounded , was very little better . the man , “ in	106.7459945678711
the name of heaven put your sword back into the sheath and don ’ t kill me unheard . . ” ” she cried , “ i do love you ! not possibly suspect what frightful cruelty was behind the rampart of that pure brow , behind those brilliant eyes in which she read nothing but interest and compassion . why do you object to my doing so ? ” he , “ i bear to your majesty a letter from my friend the count de guiche , who told me he had the honor of being your servant ; this letter contains important news and the expression of his respect . ” , and while a deep color overspread his cheeks , he stammered out : look	130.6904296875
and judge for yourself . ” , sat behind . had hardly turned the corner when porthos recognized them . thirty-nine and forty years of age , of medium height but a very well proportioned figure ; with an intellectual and animated physiognomy ; his beard black , and his hair turning gray , as often happens when people have found life either too gay or too sad , more especially when they happen to be of <unk> complexion . a brother ? not know with what i am threatened . ? his appearance , looking in every direction to see if he were observed , but he saw no one . men attached to each other , true in heart , really united ? ” met with	229.09698486328125
a strange adventure in i don ’ t know what village , with i don ’ t know what curé , of whom she asked hospitality and who , having but one chamber , and taking her for a cavalier , offered to share it with her . . ” chance of dantès being released . yanina ? ” said he . lost upon dantès , who had always imagined , from seeing the sun rise from behind the mountains and set in the mediterranean , that it moved , and not the earth . , but he will be , ” answered the guard . cried grimaud , “ and i will remain beside him here . ” my brave lieutenant , let us leave milady to	101.08338928222656
find out something else , and go to supper ; but be easy ! or <unk> concerns nobody . to the four friends with all sorts of puritan congratulations . guards ! ” cried aramis and porthos at the same time . then , ” replied athos , “ we will teach them , these door <unk> ! ” depicted the expression of these two countenances would certainly have made of them a beautiful picture . edmond esteemed most faithful and devoted to him . ” wish me to go away without fulfilling your original intentions ? ” the old man winked violently . was obliged to sail in the morning in order to land his cargo on the frontiers of piedmont and france , between nice and	146.9394073486328
<unk> , urged dantès to try and rise . reply , which he by no means expected , started like a soldier who feels the blow levelled at him over the armor he wears , and a curl of his disdainful lip indicated that from that moment he noted in the tablets of his brain that the count of monte cristo was by no means a highly <unk> gentleman . tell you . with his escort ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . dwelt in a little lodging composed of a boudoir , an eating room , and a bedroom , which room , situated , as the others were , on the ground floor , looked out upon a little fresh green garden , <unk> and impenetrable	163.79867553710938
to the eyes of his neighbors . by the first of march , and on the second i give my real marriage feast . ” , you refuse to serve me , monsieur , ” said the cardinal , with a tone of vexation , through which , however , might be seen a sort of esteem ; “ remain free , then , and guard your <unk> and your sympathies . ” cerberus ? ” , ” said la ramee , flattered by the compliment . , who appeared to replace one another in order always to present an imposing number , paraded constantly , armed to the teeth and ready for anything . as i do , ” replied raoul , urging his horse vigorously forward	99.5077896118164
. valentine ; and , turning to her grandfather , she repeated , “ <unk> ” the old man stopped her at the last syllable . said athos ; “ they may serve us . ” mademoiselle , what a dreadful misfortune ! confide it to monsieur bonacieux , ” said d ’ artagnan , with <unk> . now . ” we are—— ” , grimaud and mousqueton , we can manage to dispatch eight of them . towards the glass , but as soon as her trembling arm left the bed the apparition advanced more quickly towards her , and approached the young girl so closely that she fancied she heard his breath , and felt the pressure of his hand . garb of the roman peasant	99.7889404296875
at holiday time . , “ there is quite a <unk> between that fate and the <unk> coronet you promised me , d ’ artagnan . ” he , “ my life is yours ; henceforth dispose of it . <unk> simpleton , can you not guess who this noirtier was , whose very name he was so careful to keep concealed ? . up in strict accordance with oriental ideas ; the floors were covered with the richest carpets turkey could produce ; the walls hung with <unk> silk of the most magnificent designs and texture ; while around each chamber luxurious divans were placed , with piles of soft and yielding cushions , that needed only to be arranged at the pleasure or convenience of such	277.98052978515625
as sought repose . this is a scruple which naturally must occur to a pure mind like yours , but which would easily yield before sound reasoning . mousqueton . athos . a knife , and to leave it with me after our interview . ” <unk> pastrini , still striving to gain his point . tell you , my lord , that the minister knew for a fact that these ornaments had sailed away with the ambassador , who was far away , beyond seas . not the less stained with blood in a second . effect , a violent trembling pervaded the old man ’ s limbs , his eyes opened until it was fearful to gaze upon them , he heaved a sigh which resembled	189.1531524658203
a shriek , and then his convulsed body returned gradually to its former immobility , the eyes remaining open . , he is unquestionably her lover . ” of introduction , which the latter read with english coolness , and having finished : nothing better . provided this war were approved of by the church and would advance the end i wish to <unk> mean , the <unk> of my sins . ” therefore , upon reflection , appeared to the baroness as if shaped for their mutual advantage . , divided , we may not obtain a <unk> from the queen , we from <unk> , were we all four together , would never be granted . a strong resemblance to treachery , and he was very	203.5265350341797
suspicious of the political relations which existed between that woman and the cardinal . space traversed , of the rolling of a carriage , of a horrible dream in which my strength had become exhausted ; but all this was so dark and so indistinct in my mind that these events seemed to belong to another life than mine , and yet mixed with mine in fantastic <unk> . it with this madman ? ” exclaimed he , turning round as the noise of the door announced the entrance of the host , who came in to inquire if he was unhurt . at this <unk> ii . purpose . count upon many such subjects as yourself for his flight ? ” him : namely , that during	179.7334442138672
his journey hither he had sat so still , whereas he might , a dozen times , have plunged into the sea , and , thanks to his powers of swimming , for which he was famous , have gained the shore , concealed himself until the arrival of a genoese or spanish vessel , escaped to spain or italy , where mercédès and his father could have joined him . with albert ? arched <unk> , and at length stopped in a court large , dark , and square . , ” said d ’ avrigny ; “ since you have commenced your sacred office , deign to continue it . , or not . read , ” exclaimed the queen , indignantly ; “ read ,	128.84112548828125
i command you , for i am resolved that everything shall be finished to-night and never will i recur to this subject again . ” , joined to the cries of his own heart , made him determine , now his pride was saved and his vengeance satisfied , not to see milady again . the count with a certain uneasiness , but at a smile from athos he was quickly reassured . monsieur , you will remember that man who has just gone out , will you not ? ” ’ s choice succeeded them , and never left till about ten or eleven o ’ clock , when valentine was asleep . exclaimed the king . but in everything , friend , one must always return	120.60716247558594
to the same <unk> stupid one , i admit , but very <unk> you any money ? ” knew he would be lost , for the roof afforded no chance of escape ; he therefore resolved to descend , not through the same chimney by which he had come up , but by a similar one conducting to another room . rogue , who can at the most take us by the collar , like an <unk> . and embarrassed , and stopped for the third time . , come to this in time , ” observed monte cristo ; “ you know that human <unk> march from the <unk> to the simple , and simplicity is always perfection . ” been stopped for a minute , resumed	125.62491607666016
its way , passed through the crowd , threaded the rue st. honoré , turned into the rue des bons enfants , and stopped before a low door . take the time to go and return . ” ? ” said d ’ artagnan . back to him ? ” said d ’ artagnan . rank of itself in france , and from the way in which you lavish money , it is a place that must be worth a hundred thousand francs a year . ” now happily extinguished , mother , ” said villefort ; “ m . honoré , and in the place du palais-cardinal they found the twelve invited musketeers , walking about in expectation of their comrades . the cart . ” casks	89.48380279541016
covered with <unk> plants , and in each of which was breathing a fish similar to those on the table . the trouble of <unk> , and after looking to see if the stone was the same and assuring himself of the purity of its water , he took it and passed it on his finger with indescribable pleasure . may be obtained by arresting the above-mentioned edmond dantès , who either carries the letter for paris about with him , or has it at his father ’ s abode . , “ decidedly it is a night for meetings . was expressed on the lips of the procureur . , 1998 [ ebook # 1259 ] most recently updated : april 9 , 2022 language : english	259.58221435546875
over her face ; she looked at luigi , who could not refuse his assent . to return ? ” to me , ” said he , “ and tell him to get ready for a journey . ” taken any repose , he at least was already up . thing that engaged his most anxious <unk> what way was the escape to be effected ? , and showed her astonishment by a look which would doubtless have had some effect upon her husband if he had not been intently occupied with the paper , where he was looking to see the closing stock <unk> . plan , believe me . ” my musketeers they changed their minds , and forgot their private hatred for partisan hatred ;	130.33761596679688
for your majesty can not be ignorant that the musketeers , who belong to the king and nobody but the king , are the natural enemies of the guardsmen , who belong to the cardinal . ” bad ! ” replied the king ; “ i am bored . ” rose in majestic indignation , whilst the cardinal , raising his hands clasped toward her , exclaimed , “ ah , madame , madame , how little you know me , mon dieu ! ” by the calmness , even the gayety of the queen ’ s manner . d ’ artagnan to himself , noticing that silent play of countenance , “ i am sure of it . ” to the officer of yours who struck that	70.57262420654297
blow . ” completely <unk> , he has lost his voice also , and we ourselves find much trouble in endeavoring to catch some fragments of his meaning . ” my comrade has in his pocket . ” must be off . father desired the marriage . ” lifting her transparent hands to heaven , exclaimed in a voice stifled with tears , “ then you leave me , my lord ? ” the gascon , “ do you think , athos , we can take leave , calmly , of two friends at a time not free from danger to you and aramis ? ” danglars ; “ the french have the superiority over the spaniards , that the spaniards <unk> , while the french invent .	101.08975219726562
” to all that the letter specified ? ” exclaimed d ’ artagnan . in love with me , by chance , this fair inconstant ; and will she be disposed to give me myself another sapphire like that which she gave me for de wardes ? ” you may be quite at ease ; she will soon be softened . the use of pens , ink , and paper ? ” questions about the king ’ s capture , and athos gave details so precise and positive that if the gatekeepers had any suspicions they vanished completely . he had forgotten this <unk> of presents , which ought to have cemented our friendship , or whether he did not recollect me , he sought to take me	147.4427032470703
, but , on the contrary , it was i who captured him and a dozen of his band . for the present time , and we must learn how to make sacrifices . saint peter ’ s ? ” asked the _cicerone_ . ? ” said the baron , suspiciously . to procure a horse ? ” a link in a long chain of marvels . to you , sir , all the eloquent words and imploring language he made use of ; it was more than piety , it was more than grief , and i , who am no canter , and hate the jesuits , said then to myself , ‘ it is really well , and i am very glad that i have	108.6221923828125
not any children ; for if i were a father and felt such excessive grief as the old man does , and did not find in my memory or heart all he is now saying , i should throw myself into the sea at once , for i could not bear it . ’ ” sun of rome , and that without you all appears dark and cloudy ; i do not know if he does not even go so far as to say that it rains . ” imperceptible , stole over the rosy lips of the pretty young woman . not to overhear what they said , but because i could do nothing else ; besides , the same thing had occurred often before . announced	159.64205932617188
were indeed approaching . tight too , i can tell you , ” was the answer . while possessing a great admiration for the antique , as it was understood during the time of the <unk> , entertained the most sovereign contempt for the simple elegance of his wife ’ s favorite <unk> , where , by the way , he was never permitted to <unk> , unless , indeed , he excused his own appearance by <unk> in some more agreeable visitor than himself ; and even then he had rather the air and manner of a person who was himself introduced , than that of being the <unk> of another , his reception being cordial or <unk> , in proportion as the person who accompanied him	167.31492614746094
chanced to please or displease the baroness . ’ s turn to fix his piercing eyes on louvieres . attack of catalepsy , i should have conducted you to monte cristo ; now , ” he added , with a sigh , “ it is you who will conduct me thither . replied haydée , ‘ the count of monte cristo , my foster-father , has been in normandy the last three days . ’ ” thought d ’ artagnan , emerging from behind the curtain , “ decidedly monsieur planchet is no fool ; it is evident he has been brought up in a good school . ” , count ; only i fancy i could pass the time less painfully here than anywhere else . ”	107.80824279785156
that the servants were new and that the mistress had gone for a walk . you know , and of which your precipitate departure , ” added the host , with an acuteness that did not escape d ’ artagnan , “ appeared to authorize the issue . such a step we should appear to be doubtful of ourselves . mazarin , almost choked , and clasping his hands ; “ i am a lost and ruined man ! ” said the king , “ let someone go instantly and find monsieur de la trémouille ; i wish to speak with him this evening . ” was the friend of d ’ artagnan , he must have lent him his assistance in all the proceedings by whose aid	91.7195816040039
the queen had defeated the project of his eminence ; if he was the friend of d ’ artagnan , he was the enemy of the cardinal ; and she doubtless would succeed in involving him in the vengeance by which she hoped to destroy the young musketeer . are in prison all will be well , ” said anne , “ but one of these days they will get out . ” everyone , m. de morcerf . ” for the <unk> of this letter ; it was dated from the chateau du vallon . athos and aramis looked significantly at one another . that the fare was detestable , and that they wanted to be set free . since he is an only son . ”	69.84844970703125
the captain , and at nine o ’ clock in the morning , having a fair wind , our frenchmen set foot on their native land . the executioner . time to time past three windows of the second floor . then , that at the day of the last judgment god will separate blind executioners from <unk> judges ? i know . ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ and instantly . ” road . had this woman , who had experienced so many opposite and powerful emotions , felt her heart beat so violently . seven o ’ clock in the evening , i saw a servant on horseback leave the house at full gallop , and take the road to sèvres . to learn the	95.72354888916016
cause of the firing , spurred on toward the servants . manner in which you have acted toward me , the young girl who brings you this will tell you how a man of spirit may obtain his pardon . ’ artagnan appeared at the same time majestic and grieved . pale and motionless baroness listened to this , was equalled by the calm indifference with which debray had spoken . said the duke , leading him into the chapel , “ look at these diamond studs , and tell me what they are worth apiece . ” my lord ; a good animal , whose paces suit me . ” as we said , with haughty air , disdainful lip , and the demeanor of an outraged	140.71006774902344
queen , followed by her companion , who was paler and more disturbed than herself . queen , and every time he passed by her , he devoured with his eyes those studs of which he could not ascertain the number . mine ; gad , he was not so proud then , —he was an <unk> to the good m. morrel . ” pulse , and finding it throb violently she remembered that the best method of dispelling such illusions was to drink , for a draught of the beverage prepared by the doctor to <unk> her fever seemed to cause a reaction of the brain , and for a short time she suffered less . for ? ” said caderousse . were to alter a signal	170.74603271484375
, and substitute another ? ” a third voice , “ the shrouds of the château d ’ if are not dear ! ” cane to monsieur de beaufort . , but we can not make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states . <unk> a third time , but by this time pistache ’ s patience was exhausted ; he threw himself furiously upon the cane , wrested it from the hands of the prince and broke it with his teeth . then ? ” chance , be betrayed by gentlemen ; but it is almost always sold by lackeys . ” ” officer who had been sent to constantinople resounded on all sides amongst our palikares ; it was evident	151.52671813964844
that he brought the answer of the emperor , and that it was favorable . ” villefort bear it ? ” <unk> ’ artagnan smiled as he spoke— “ since we are together again , let us agree on one point : what age shall we be in future ? ” his sword , which stood against a chair in a corner of the room ; but a glance from the worthy broussel , who in the midst of it all did not lose his presence of mind , checked this <unk> action of despair . , nobody entered his chamber but his servant . ” after the queen ? ” i must confess , more skilful . ” , ” said danglars , seeing that he made	100.95111846923828
no impression on peppino , “ you will not refuse me a glass of wine ? ” and approached the house . as he died ? ” down , seize the man unawares and bring him to you ready gagged . ” we have already said , occupied apartments wholly unconnected with those of the count . honor of <unk> with ordinary men , and the pleasure of leaving politics for a moment , try to find your affectionate heart , which you leave with your stick when you go to the chamber . ” rather that of my brother , would be mixed up with the affair , i will risk the scandal of a public trial to make myself certain of getting rid of you .	136.95579528808594
” , 1815 , at half-past two in the afternoon . ” ” , ” said raoul , who was beginning his apprenticeship with that particular class of society , who , when there were robbers on the <unk> , were connected with them , and who , since <unk> no longer exist , have advantageously and <unk> filled their vacant place . in the morning somebody endeavored to open the door ; but as planchet awoke in an instant and cried , “ who goes there ? ” somebody replied that he was mistaken , and went away . unknown manuscript at a period in which historical science is carried to such a high degree appeared almost miraculous . a good watch over the prisoner . her	158.67291259765625
love , humbled her in her pride , thwarted her in her ambition ; and now he ruins her fortune , <unk> her of liberty , and even threatens her life . in another hand : “ see note <unk> can be done . ” to the cardinal the precious piece of paper which athos had forced from milady , and which he had given to d ’ artagnan to serve him as a <unk> . of my arrest has been foreseen , and should i not have returned by to-morrow , at a certain hour the next day the cardinal will be brought to paris and delivered to the parliament . ” have uttered your name with the sigh of melancholy , with the groan of sorrow	104.84819030761719
, with the last effort of despair ; i have uttered it when frozen with cold , crouched on the straw in my dungeon ; i have uttered it , consumed with heat , rolling on the stone floor of my prison . , and carrying away four swords out of five , they took their road , intoxicated with joy , toward the hôtel of m. de tréville . ” said the pilot in bad french . ” cried he , “ and why does he come ? ” , then , my dear monsieur la <unk> ” warn me ! ” cried caderousse , raising himself on his elbows . his holiness , sire . ” albert to normandy when he knew the final blow was	97.86505889892578
near . ” had no hope but in buckingham . right ; i should be ashamed for anyone to know your baseness . ” and i want no one to see me getting out of your carriage ; we are supposed not to know each other . ” and breathed with that regular respiration which announces tranquil sleep . s reply . ” assassin ? ” asked morrel . hold on board ? ” you love and who love you , and tell my sister de longueville that i thank her for the present that she made me of you. ’ and i came , sir , ” added raoul , gazing at the count with a smile of real affection , “ for i thought you would	94.45480346679688
be glad to see me again . ” ” he said , “ that your eminence knew that circumstance better than any <unk> ” you think of her ? ” , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ notwithstanding your forty thousand francs a year , and perhaps even for the very reason that you have forty thousand francs a year , it seems to me that a little coronet would do well on your carriage , hey ? ” then ; and since he has chosen me as his interpreter , i will be faithful to the trust , and will not alter a word of his intentions . ” appears so ! ” said d ’ artagnan . replied , “ it is for my poor	51.36944580078125
grandmother . remain with them ; and your majesty has in him so firm a <unk> that it was he who gave jussac the terrible sword thrust which has made the cardinal so angry . ” box , having a pair of pistols in his belt , a musket under his feet and a naked sword behind him . s turn to look fixedly at mordaunt , and mordaunt to make himself impenetrable . for ten pistoles , witness delilah . and said in a low voice , with an expression almost humble : are coarse , like every nation that <unk> beer . ” . ” wine . ” entered <unk> together . hear ? ” said villefort , while d ’ avrigny advanced to lead morrel	140.61683654785156
out . carriage rolled down the avenue , and stopped at the steps . is to be rich . ” sail for marseilles , with directions from dantès to join him at the island of monte cristo . found that the house in the champs-élysées is his own property , and certainly it was very decently kept up . you will be discovered , arrested , obliged to kill me , which would be a crime unworthy of loyal gentlemen like you . ” ’ tis impossible . ” . ” i told you . ” that he heard a slight noise <unk> timid noise which seemed to tremble lest it should be heard . of royal blood , madame , ” said d ’ artagnan . pleasure	81.66632843017578
another time , ” said the countess ; “ you promise that ? ” , two drafts which m. morrel had fully anticipated , and which cocles paid as punctually as the bills which the shipowner had accepted . chain , so fine that the slender gold thread was scarcely perceptible on his white waistcoat . too absurd , ” said villefort . countenance , that shone forth in <unk> that <unk> the vain attempts of dress to augment it , was peculiarly and purely grecian ; there were the large , dark , <unk> eyes , the finely formed nose , the coral lips , and pearly teeth , that belonged to her race and country . , franz perceived that she had deceived him when she	226.38626098632812
spoke of expecting company ; on the contrary , her own return before the appointed hour seemed greatly to astonish the servants . speak , if you please , respectfully of these gentlemen , ” said mazarin ; “ don ’ t you know that i was in my youth a poet ? . language . crusts ; bazin , who had always been inclined to devotion , never quit the churches ; planchet watched the flight of flies ; and grimaud , whom the general distress could not induce to break the silence imposed by his master , heaved sighs enough to soften the stones . differ from yours ? ” , having determined to live in eastern climates i have been desirous of following the example	200.27972412109375
of king mithridates . ” ? ” asked he , with a more sorrowful than angry tone . pen , flourished it above his head , and said : can i count on you ? ” meanness of this slander . about supper . a scratch , ” said d ’ artagnan . d ’ artagnan , a béarnese gentleman who left paris in company with three of his friends , with the intention of going to london . ” ” said he , “ you were right and i was wrong . this secret so full of horror , as the tragic poet says . downstairs , sir , ” replied the valet . pleasure , so i took a cabriolet and drove to the horse dealer	88.94718933105469
’ s . you ? ” out to him an officer who was conversing , on foot , his hand upon the neck of a horse on which the individual to whom he was talking sat . no , it is not he ! ” cried bonacieux ; “ no , i was deceived . ” so astonishing in that language ? ” said milady , smiling . , ” said athos . out by the opening , still thinking himself in a dream ; but the sight of the gunpowder in the tankard proved to him that his dream was a fatal nightmare . fellow ! ” replied dantès , “ i am not proud , but i am happy , and happiness blinds , i think	66.58511352539062
, more than pride . ” albert with affectionate courtesy , “ the count of château-renaud knew how much pleasure this introduction would give me ; you are his friend , be ours also . ” albert , seeing that beauchamp hesitated . , but marching with a firm step , was charles stuart , who advanced between two priests , followed by a few superior officers appointed to preside at the execution and attended by two files of partisans who took their places on opposite sides of the scaffold . , but he talked loudly , little caring , we must render him that justice , whether anybody listened to him or not . same gesture athos and bonacieux , “ let them be guarded more closely	268.66680908203125
than ever . ” will be , ” said athos : “ we shall get into some pretty quarrel or other , and we have no need of one just now . ’ weight less upon my chest . , ” said he . but he is very avaricious ; that is his fault . rushed out and stood on the other side of the door . her deep emotion when she rushed out of the room , descended to the next floor , ran into the drawing-room with childlike joy and raised the crystal globe which covered the purse given by the unknown of the allées de meilhan . i were there two years ago . cried , scarcely able to believe his good <unk> “ sir	103.60774993896484
, i can not understand your generosity ! ” d ’ artagnan . me to show you several fine statues by <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> ? —all foreign artists , for , as you may perceive , i think but very indifferently of our french <unk> . ” collected enough to jest ; at the same time , as though to <unk> the <unk> propensities , the man took some black bread , cheese , and onions from his <unk> , which he began devouring <unk> . ” asked aramis . you that everything <unk> us—the depths of the sea , the enmity of kingdoms , the sanctity of vows . to forget the many <unk> thoughts which assailed him ; in vain did he court	118.39521789550781
the refreshment of sleep . i am to eat alone , ’ remarked the jeweller . ” continued the magistrate , “ our codes are in full force , with all their <unk> <unk> derived from <unk> customs , roman laws , and frank usages ; the knowledge of all which , you will agree , is not to be acquired without extended labor ; it needs tedious study to acquire this knowledge , and , when acquired , a strong power of brain to retain it . ” , valentine ; you have 200,000 livres a year , and you prevent her son from enjoying these 200,000 livres . ” for ? ” latter . make a nice little sum , ” replied morcerf . both sitting	212.6566162109375
at table together under an arbor at père pamphile ’ s the evening before the day fixed for my wedding . or grocers , druggist or druggists , come and say , ‘ it was i who sold the arsenic to the gentleman ; ’ and rather than not recognize the guilty purchaser , they will recognize twenty . it conveyed me from nice to genoa , from genoa to turin , from turin to chambéry , from chambéry to pont-de-beauvoisin , and from pont-de-beauvoisin to paris . ” ” ? of d ’ artagnan ’ s worldly <unk> , be it well understood , from his desire of finding mme . not go , ” answered franz ; “ but in case i feel disposed , give	233.659423828125
me some particulars of today ’ s executions . ” the young woman , supplicating him and clasping her hands together , “ monsieur , in the name of heaven , by the honor of a soldier , by the courtesy of a gentleman , depart ! will ; the countess g—— , who knew lord ruthven , declared that the count was a vampire . ” have my breviary to repeat , ” answered aramis ; “ then some verses to compose , which madame d ’ aiguillon begged of me . , ” said aramis , thoughtfully ; “ therefore i shall not pledge myself . ” the marquise de saint-méran , a woman with a stern , <unk> eye , though still noble and distinguished	97.32156372070312
in appearance , despite her fifty <unk> “ ah , these <unk> , who have driven us from those very possessions they afterwards purchased for a mere trifle during the reign of terror , would be compelled to own , were they here , that all true devotion was on our side , since we were content to follow the fortunes of a falling monarch , while they , on the contrary , made their fortune by <unk> the rising sun ; yes , yes , they could not help admitting that the king , for whom we sacrificed rank , wealth , and station was truly our ‘ louis the <unk> , ’ while their wretched usurper has been , and ever will be , to them	279.05029296875
their evil genius , their ‘ napoleon the <unk> ’ am i not right , villefort ? ” library of the chateau of bracieux there are a lot of books of travels . ” ; he is waiting in his carriage at the gate of the garden of the palais royal . ” if you did , depend upon it , fernand picked it up , and either copied it or caused it to be copied ; perhaps , even , he did not take the trouble of <unk> it . man was beside him . the two friends , who set off , full gallop . <unk> , ” observed eugénie ; “ she would look far better if she wore <unk> , and we should then	143.09095764160156
be able to see her finely formed throat and wrists . ” no other safe and satisfactory way . ” commission with which i deign to charge you , and on that condition i pardon everything , i forget everything ; and what is more , ” and she held out her hand to him , “ i restore my love . ” of rank who had grave reasons for <unk> the fallen king , and who , learning that the king was about to flee and escape him , threw himself in the way , with a mask on his face and an axe in his hand , not as substitute for the executioner , but as an ambassador of fate . ” further interrogations to make	115.79363250732422
, leave me , i beseech you , ” she said . drew aside the curtain , and leaning over the pillow gazed intently on valentine . d ’ artagnan had pushed into the hands of the officers , denying him aloud although he had promised in a whisper to save him ? . opened the portfolio , and counted the money . to the sergeant . in the evening all was ready , and at ten minutes past seven they doubled the lighthouse just as the beacon was kindled . mention you to him . man ; besides , he is unarmed ; at the first word from his eminence the two soldiers about him would run to his assistance . ” to intimate that he is	118.08753967285156
about to incur danger , perhaps death . ” going to ask leave of absence of m. de tréville , confiding to him candidly the importance of his departure , when the news was transmitted to him as well as to his three friends that the king was about to set out for paris with an escort of twenty musketeers , and that they formed part of the escort . disappeared behind a green curtain sufficiently thick to conceal them from the sight of any one who might be in pursuit they drew up to hold a council together . seen the cardinal ? ” asked m. de tréville . nothing about the matter , that the orders i had received did not come from him , and	101.72052764892578
that if i had the audacity to mention his name as being concerned in this disturbance he would have me hanged . plan was very simple . ” said the young man , “ oh , <unk> are you saying , count ? that there is a secret of luxury and pain in death , as well as in life ; the only thing is to understand it . ” oppose them , —you , whose mind is so quick , and whose will is so firm are nevertheless , as weak and unequal to the contest as i am myself . himself , as though he could scarcely believe that he had heard aright , and then gave orders for him to be admitted . are an	108.61333465576172
admirer of paintings , at least i judged so from the attention you appeared to be bestowing on mine when i entered the room . <unk> the hat , well displayed the form of a slender and elegant hand ; whilst his boots , similar in color to the hat and gloves , confined feet small as those of a boy twelve years old . . left . , who understand only german . a woman will often , from mere <unk> , prefer that which is dangerous to that which is safe . was buried alive ? ” sink upon his two hands , while d ’ artagnan stood before him , stupefied . although i may not be , strictly speaking , what is termed an	208.5524139404297
illustrious match for you , i am , for many reasons , not altogether so much beneath your alliance . bunch of violets to his button-hole . , ” said aramis , blushing as usual , “ that his ring not coming from a mistress , and consequently not being a love token , d ’ artagnan may sell it . ” it is a great happiness that the queen , who always wished you well , had a fancy to send you here , where there ’ s a promenade and a tennis court , good air , and a good table . ” wish to go ? ” asked he . ; the overflow of my brain would probably , in a state of freedom ,	118.9747314453125
have evaporated in a thousand follies ; misfortune is needed to bring to light the treasures of the human intellect . the gag in , grimaud . ” to walk with in the plain st. denis or in the fair of st. germain , in company with athos , porthos , and aramis , to whom d ’ artagnan had often remarked this . recommended to them by reports of brilliant victories gained by france ; <unk> , however , were not meat and drink , and the people had for some time been in a state of discontent . and terror , was in despair at his utter inability to help his old domestic , whom he regarded more in the light of a friend than a	178.89688110351562
servant . groslow ; “ what king ? ” morrel had ever so spoken , but he said it in a tone of paternal kindness , and julie did not dare to disobey . , i am overwhelmed with delight . ” monte cristo did the same , and the rest followed their example . god sends him back <unk> ’ caderousse sank pale and breathless into his chair . he had uncovered , and which he must remove from its <unk> . ” of the drawing-room were thrown open , and bertuccio appearing said , with a violent effort , “ the dinner waits . ” ” cristo , — “ i hope you will permit me to leave you for a few minutes , ” continued	100.68148040771484
she ; and without awaiting any reply , disappeared behind a clump of trees , and escaped to the house by a <unk> alley . admitted was not to be found at the first door , and even the second was passed easily enough ; but at the third watched , besides the guard and the doorkeepers , the faithful bernouin , a cerberus whom no speech could soften , no wand , even of gold , could charm . . fear ? ” will rest between you and beauchamp . ” said the host ; “ and for what ? ” . and a hunting-knife . ” my dear friend , if you are resolved to accompany me there is no time to lose ; the drum	125.02487182617188
beats ; i observed cannon on the road ; i saw the citizens in order of battle on the place of the hotel de ville ; certainly the fight will be in the direction of charenton , as the duc de chatillon said . ” wine , aramis ? ” said athos . ever you meet him again , wherever it may be , whether on the high road or in the street or in a church , anywhere that he or you may be , put your foot on his neck and crush him without pity , without mercy , as you would crush a viper or a scorpion ! the bearer of the letter , is naturally the head of the enterprise ; let him decide	142.444091796875
, and we will execute . ” smile . personally ? ” asked the governor . ? ” felucca rose again on the waves ; the cable which tied the boat to the vessel was then seen plainly rising out of the sea . ! ” all sympathy is extinct between us . ” want , ” interrupted dantès . not be realized , since mademoiselle danglars must become my lawful wife , live perpetually with me , sing to me , compose verses and music within ten paces of me , and that for my whole life , it frightens me . at the races in the champ-de-mars , ” said château-renaud . ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . have been carried to rueil ; at	126.85047149658203
rueil they have been questioned by the cardinal , who has either kept them near him or sent them to saint germain . is time for us to enter the service ? ” , i have long despised thee ! on , d ’ artagnan remained with open mouth and a confused gaze . . saint denis . franz to the count , “ with this theory , which renders you at once judge and executioner of your own cause , it would be difficult to adopt a course that would forever prevent your falling under the power of the law . of m. de villefort ’ s , ” answered morrel , “ but i was of madame de <unk> ” albert came up to them at	94.56580352783203
this moment with franz . , the priest , dismounting , led his steed by the bridle in search of some place to which he could secure him . a groan . , sir , and this last battle , which he encounters with resources much inferior to those of the enemy , proves that he will not yield without a struggle ; but in case he is beaten ? ” habit of a <unk> became her admirably . hold ! ” said athos , wit his quiet tone ; “ that throw of the dice is extraordinary . knew that at her return from a fruitless journey it would be in vain to tell him of her imprisonment , in vain to <unk> upon the sufferings she	157.29283142089844
had undergone . . the wedding is to take place immediately , m. dantès , ” said danglars , bowing to the young couple . terror seized upon him , and he dared not again press the hand that hung out of bed , he dared no longer to gaze on those fixed and vacant eyes , which he tried many times to close , but in <unk> opened again as soon as shut . travel , and they did it amid torrents of rain . ; at the door franz ordered the coachman to be ready at eight . s evident where the count got the name . ” matrimony , she suffered andrea ’ s attentions in order to get rid of morcerf ; but when	168.4940948486328
andrea urged his suit , she betrayed an entire dislike to him . that last case of yours was , my dear villefort ! ” remarked a third ; “ i mean the trial of the man for murdering his father . ” she said , “ let us see what you would do to prove this love of which you speak . ” been appointed provost of merchants ? ” ” continued danglars ; “ if we resolve on such a step , it would be much better to take , as i now do , this pen , <unk> it into this ink , and write with the left hand ( that the writing may not be recognized ) the denunciation we <unk> ” and danglars	130.760986328125
, uniting practice with theory , wrote with his left hand , and in a writing <unk> from his usual style , and totally unlike it , the following lines , which he handed to fernand , and which fernand read in an undertone : toward mousqueton , that he might forgive him for finishing an enterprise so brilliantly begun by another , he glided like a serpent through the opening and disappeared . may be bought . ” ” said mercédès , “ it was a way of assuring me that his abstinence was intended . ” poison will take no effect on valentine ? ” throughout the immense crowd ; every opinion was openly expressed and chorused , so to speak , of coming insurrection ,	245.3617706298828
as the thousand bells of all the paris churches rang out the te deum . countenance of athos crossed his mind ; if he made the compact with the cardinal which he required , athos would no more give him his <unk> would renounce him . guitant , although your intention was perhaps not very favorable to me , for such an opportunity . ” the best houses in europe , ” said danglars , carelessly throwing down the receipt on his desk . albert in a determined tone , “ you see that your paper has insulted a member of my family , and i insist on a retractation being made . ” first . porthos . a mother , sir . ; not only was the	164.57028198242188
villa brilliantly illuminated , but thousands of colored lanterns were suspended from the trees in the garden ; and very soon the palace overflowed to the terraces , and the terraces to the <unk> . , not knowing where he was . may be obtained by arresting the above-mentioned edmond dantès , who either carries the letter for paris about with him , or has it at his father ’ s abode . snow was falling , the streets were silent and deserted . isn ’ t contrary to the rules . ” small quantity of this with a gilt spoon , and offered it to morrel , fixing a long steadfast glance upon him . or notes ? ” in norway . ” the minister of police	214.358642578125
, “ i came a moment ago to give your majesty fresh information which i had obtained on this head , when your majesty ’ s attention was attracted by the terrible event that has occurred in the gulf , and now these facts will cease to interest your majesty . ” brown hair ? ” , placid glimmer on the purple ocean , when at the distance of a musket shot from them was seen a dark gray mass , above which gleamed a <unk> sail ; then masters and servants joined in a fervent cry to the crew of that vessel to hear them and to save . , ” said d ’ artagnan , with an air of profound compassion . know who they are	152.99191284179688
? ’ nightmare , which might be guessed by the incoherent manner in which he sometimes <unk> and sometimes <unk> . budge . prisoners in the bastile , who were <unk> up in the time of monsieur de richelieu ; i don ’ t even know their names . ” , and while the most part of the english had quit , or were about to quit , france on account of the war , milady had just been laying out much money upon her residence ; which proved that the general measure which drove the english from france did not affect her . you ; i don ’ t know him . ” a victory ! ” cried the king , all radiant , “ a complete	98.28641510009766
victory ! ” the turnkey ; “ you destroy everything . sir ? ” rightly . two bandits make six . ” . that they regarded the cardinal ’ s death as a deliverance ; and i , even i , opposed the designs of the great man who held the destinies of france within the hollow of his hand . say in the opera of ‘ thisbe , ’ ‘ the whole world conspires to break our bonds . ’ ” you are going to laugh at me . ” anguish . to paris , and franz d ’ épinay to pass a fortnight at venice . stupefied ; then , suddenly bursting into laughter : replied he . , effective as it was , did not	117.02557373046875
escape the eyes of the young princess . i did not say as much as that , ” replied the count with a smile ; “ quite the contrary . kitchen , where your doublet was . ’ asked joannes . albert , just as madame danglars was descending the stairs , “ let us reckon our riches , if you please ; i want capital to build my plans upon . ” is for him . ” their meal in the <unk> of monsieur de chavigny ; we ’ ll have a supper here under your direction . ” me , sir , ” said athos to m. de tréville , in a feeble yet perfectly calm voice , “ you have sent for me , as	76.78740692138672
my comrades inform me , and i have hastened to receive your orders . yourself ? ” at the convent of jesuits ; from six in the morning to eight at night come by the door . noirtier . sir , ” replied villefort from below , — “ it is well ; have patience but one day longer ; what i have said i will do . ” word , and i have given you mine . ” honor . ” , i give you a thousand times to guess , monsieur , the visit i received in your absence . ” excellent disposition to die heroically . comes somebody . ” replied he , ‘ he has <unk> with the sword , and he has perished	95.49964904785156
by the sword . ’ his real name , but a fictitious one . ” will enable me to reach the king ’ s presence without all the formalities of demanding an audience ; that would occasion a loss of precious time . ” for me ! ” so as honorable gentlemen , and the best proof i can furnish is <unk> ” destroyed your compromising letter ? ” , offering her assistance . chair , andrea threw himself upon the bed ; the keeper retired . corsican that you <unk> mysteries or <unk> . avenue was a nobleman , dressed in green and with as much gilding about him as the iron gate , riding on a tall horse . ” said d ’ artagnan , “	140.880859375
you are right . have given you letters of nobility . ” ? ” , of turbulent character , and whom i suspected of <unk> , has been secretly to the island of elba . going to set you an example of confidence , they give me 50,000 francs a year to be your son ; consequently , you can understand that it is not at all likely i shall ever deny my parent . ” i have barely escaped ; but i am a good sailor . have the king . ” , gentlemen , i admire you . my lord , i say yes or no ; and , as i am a gentleman , i keep my word . ” . silken purse in her	70.3189468383789
hands , while tears of joy rolled down her cheeks , like <unk> on the rose . ” replied beauchamp ; “ allow me only to compliment m. de morcerf , who has given proof today of rare chivalric generosity . ” ” was hiding something under his mantle , which he laid on the grass in order to dig more freely . late , though he went to bed so early ; he had not slept well for five or six nights , even if he had slept at all . <unk> “ <unk> is he ? ” ! ” said he . the matter ? ” milady , embarrassed , “ why , by the title of friend . ” monte cristo “ the evening of	99.7833251953125
the 3rd of june , 1829 . fellow ; even his misadventures are of use . ” , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ and it is very natural that she should love the spanish , who are the children of the same soil as herself . some money in that secretaire ? ” said the marshal , “ what am i to do ? ” and death , ” as the ancient poet says , “ reigned as over a field of battle . ” to obey . ” was somewhat riotous , as may be imagined . count , fixing his eyes on the steward , to whom he gave this order . don ’ t be obstinate , for when others are obstinate i	95.35613250732422
am obstinate likewise , and then i become ferocious and headstrong , and there ’ s my friend , who is even more headstrong and ferocious than myself . a mission . ” winter , ” he repeated , “ and that woman—— ” waited tremblingly . midst of them , his hat on his head , his brows bent , striking his boot with his riding whip . window . n , surmounted by a baron ’ s coronet . ” you understand me , ” replied caderousse , calmly ; “ i said without your laying out a sou . ” me , and did not leave me ; it is of this <unk> thought that i now bear the punishment . ” in a fortnight	98.0199203491211
or three weeks ’ time , that is to say , as fast as i can get there ! ” busigny , i will bet you , ” said athos , “ that my three companions , messieurs porthos , aramis , and d ’ artagnan , and myself , will go and breakfast in the bastion st. gervais , and we will remain there an hour , by the watch , whatever the enemy may do to <unk> us . ” and continued : peril of imprisonment , risk of life in knowing me . ” monsieur , i believe you ; and as i was about to say , by the word of bonacieux , i have confidence in you . ” , do you not	71.76637268066406
, madame ? mercédès ! ” ! ” replied morrel , with another struggle , which , like the first , failed in releasing him from the count ’ s iron grasp . . she ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . captain , should you have retained him in his employment ? ” i should kill my body , and you make yourself the agent of him who would kill my soul . ” cried the queen . received a letter from franz , announcing his immediate return. ” valentine turned pale , and leaned her hand against the gate . of his wish to quit the sea , and obtained a recommendation from him to a spanish merchant , into whose service he entered at the	88.8141098022461
end of march , that is , ten or twelve days after napoleon ’ s return . more than the others . ” andrea had expressed a wish to be thus addressed . a safe if simple youth . ” out , have you , my lord ? master , my good fellow , ” said the footman . wish , madame , is that you should perish on the scaffold . sparkled brilliantly . , and morrel came no more ; he had done all that was in his power , and any fresh attempt would only compromise himself uselessly . as your excellency may have observed , your horse is in the great gateway , ready saddled for your departure . ” enter upon the more	128.16233825683594
difficult part of the business , you must assist me by the most minute information on every point . ” the plan , and orders were given to get under weigh next night , and , wind and weather permitting , to make the neutral island by the following day . look upon what has passed today as if it had not happened , and as though we had never thought of such a thing as a change in our original plans . ” for you , my dear host , so much the worse ! to the young woman , who advanced towards him with clasped hands and a smile upon her lips . see porthos ? ” is an official secret ; but if you have	124.72024536132812
any commissions for paris , a friend of mine is going there tonight , and will with pleasure undertake them. ” the guests looked at each other . clock . circumstance can not deserve a place in your remembrance . because cardinal rospigliosi , who had not taken any precaution , was completely despoiled . friend , you are brave , you are prudent , you have excellent qualities ; but the women will ruin you ! ” through the heads of rabbits , he makes fowls eat <unk> , and <unk> the spinal marrow out of dogs with <unk> . ” d ’ artagnan at my house ? ” said athos . , he whispered : “ above all things do not divulge your name . ”	143.74075317382812
, which belonged to the queen . ” _ ” i am going to fight with , ” said athos , pointing to d ’ artagnan with his hand and saluting him with the same gesture . ? ” ; at least , so d ’ artagnan declared to himself . flaming , was sinking into the embrace of the welcoming ocean . feet from here , in advance , ” said d ’ artagnan . remember that that great , that sublime monarch , when proscribed at one time , as my husband may be , demanded aid from england and england accorded it to him ; and it is but just to say that queen elizabeth was not his niece . ” talking with one of	79.68651580810547
my friends , the abbé d ’ herblay , of whom you have often heard me speak . ” desired by him to give you his compliments and to say that he is in good health . ” wardes . ” this request , when the officer made a sign as if he had something to say . ” said dantès ; “ you can take it away when you bring me my breakfast . ” for me beyond the ditch ? ” . ” on board , and he was so anxious to arrive at elba , that he would not touch at any other port , his disorder rose to such a height , that at the end of the third day , feeling he was	66.83409118652344
dying , he called me to him . muttered , “ the doubt i felt was but the commencement of forgetfulness ; but here the wound <unk> , and the heart again thirsts for vengeance . the count , and we shall soon know who he is . ” have you forgotten the glances you favored me with at the ball of mme . he , ‘ does not the emperor , who has devised so many clever and <unk> <unk> of improving the art of war , <unk> a regiment of lawyers , judges and legal <unk> , sending them in the hottest fire the enemy could maintain , and using them to save better men ? ’ you see , my dear , that for picturesque	171.20944213867188
expression and generosity of spirit there is not much to choose between the language of either party . as hard a canter as their horses could maintain . , sir . the palikares , writhing in convulsive agonies , while two or three who were only slightly wounded were trying to escape by springing from the windows . reside ? ” , will you tell me ? ” ; what is the use of going to-day to learn something else ? ” ? friend ! ” said peppino ; “ but where is the captain ? ” three millions for our police ; it is true they are almost always spent beforehand , but , no matter , we shall still have fifty thousand francs to spend for	143.9059600830078
this purpose . ” to d ’ artagnan . not answer . ” replied the young man . told him , resolved to die of hunger . i had succeeded in recalling the <unk> to life , was to restore it to its mother ; but , in order to do so , i must have made close and careful inquiry , which would , in all probability , have led to my own apprehension ; and i clung to life , partly on my sister ’ s account , and partly from that feeling of pride <unk> in our hearts of desiring to come off <unk> and victorious in the execution of our vengeance . down , then ? ” said morrel in a hoarse voice .	76.69306945800781
such thing , fernand ; you are a soldier , and if you remain at the catalans it is because there is no war ; so remain a fisherman , and contented with my friendship , as i can not give you more . ” free to quit me , and when they leave me will no longer have any need of me or anyone else ; it is for that reason , perhaps , that they do not quit me . ” . complete this oath , for two days afterwards , in an encounter with the roman carbineers , carlini was killed . he ; “ mazarin has been listening to discover whether i betrayed him . <unk> ” to another of his exercises . ”	93.99951934814453
declare i want two thousand . ” allow me to recompense worthily the devotion of your man . ” , stepped back to the <unk> of the door , fixing his eyes on the corpse . true parisian , considered the cemetery of père-lachaise alone worthy of receiving the mortal remains of a parisian family ; there alone the corpses belonging to him would be surrounded by worthy associates . been handsome , but traces of sorrow have aged her . whom you ought to serve , abandon the exterior , the material appearance for the invisible principle , for the invisible principle is everything . which made him so formidable , he rushed toward the chief of the insurgents , a man who , with a huge	192.4495086669922
sword in his hand , was trying to <unk> a passage to the coach door through the musketeers . boudoir , circular , and lighted only from the roof , which consisted of rose-colored glass . on her lips . chevalier , or the abbé d ’ herblay , as your majesty pleases . ” one way to the piazza del popolo , and we will go another ; and , if you please , by the corso . perhaps refuse to obey . ” , i tell you at once ; family joys have no charm for me . d ’ artagnan ? ” appeared ill , which <unk> a little from his usual lofty bearing . , or you may repent of your disobedience . ”	87.21269989013672
come from auteuil here ? ” my dear villefort , ” cried the comte de salvieux , “ that is exactly what i myself said the other day at the tuileries , when questioned by his majesty ’ s principal chamberlain touching the <unk> of an alliance between the son of a girondin and the daughter of an officer of the duc de condé ; and i assure you he seemed fully to comprehend that this mode of <unk> political differences was based upon sound and excellent principles . the 4th and 5th of september , madame morrel remained listening for every sound , and , until three o ’ clock in the morning , she heard her husband pacing the room in great agitation . back to	150.09524536132812
paris ? ” he asked . on condition that you will not open it till i am gone ; ” and placing in his breast the treasure he had just found , which was more valuable to him than the richest jewel , he rushed out of the corridor , and reaching his boat , cried , “ to marseilles ! ” lemonade of which you partook ? ” and talked about that <unk> death , and the fatality you mentioned then is the same which has caused the murder of valentine. ” villefort and d ’ avrigny exchanged looks . madame danglars , “ i am too ill . ” debilitated by this attack . ” father ; i understand you. ” then extending his hand towards	111.29325866699219
one of the pistols , he said , “ there is one for you and one for <unk> ! ” ? ” asked the traveller , to whose orders the yacht was for the time submitted , in a melancholy voice . for the next five minutes ; the man preserved profound silence , and remained perfectly motionless . mazarin , “ we will satisfy you . ” i have not here , as i had there , the ponds of monsieur le prince , where i could catch those beautiful carp , nor the forests of his highness to provide me with partridges . , ” he said , drawing back ; “ i am paid . ” believe your eminence , ” he replied ; “	75.3953628540039
though i have had but little evidence of that good-nature of which your eminence speaks . , ” said the gentleman ; “ i have traveled sixty leagues in forty hours , and by tomorrow at midday i must be in london . ” devoid of such weaknesses . gained ! ” said the queen ; “ they are lucky here indeed ; they can gain battles ! front of his carriage in the same manner that he had the newspapers which were the innocent agents of his <unk> , as he was crossing the barrier he perceived morrel , who was walking with a quick step and a bright eye . after the taking of the city . ” but a child , ” said aramis .	114.32057189941406
and that will redeem us a little in the eyes of posterity , if posterity ever looks at us . , ” exclaimed the young seaman , with tears in his eyes , and grasping the owner ’ s hand , “ m . ” , in truth , as coming on the part of the marechal de grammont ; but being wounded in the right arm he was unable to write and therefore the count de guiche acted as his secretary . ” that grave and severe face , whose calm expression personal griefs had been unable to disturb , and the aspect of a man who was a stranger to all human emotions excited something very like terror . cause of the unearthly pallor in the	140.68028259277344
young girl and the bandit . at the door . on the chest ; or does your stomach feel light and <unk> ? ” ; i shall remain in italy for another year or two . ” different feelings : that of porthos , tranquillity ; that of d ’ artagnan , hope ; that of aramis , uneasiness ; that of athos , carelessness . a gentleman . another , whilst exchanging a last look . the right , he kept the island of tiboulen a little on the left ; by turning to the left , therefore , he would find it . man espoused was one so sacred that beauchamp had only to comply with all his wishes ; he yielded and contented himself with	133.31051635742188
following morcerf . shall find a house at which we can demand aid and a village from which we can fetch a priest . ” d ’ artagnan , “ the people want to see the king and they must see him . ” and do not annoy me in this way . hand . perfumed gloves that lovers like to snatch from a pretty hand . giddy . . a <unk> ! ” cried the swiss . what a service you might render me ! procureur should stop there ; she would see him the next day , and if she could not make him fail in his duties as a magistrate , she would , at least , obtain all the indulgence he could allow .	96.0697021484375
a horse dealer ’ s , where i saw this magnificent horse , which i have named médéah . , had a valet whom he had trained in his service in a thoroughly peculiar fashion , and who was named grimaud . lackeys with pistols and musketoons ; if they send an army out against us , we will give battle , and the survivor , as d ’ artagnan says , will carry the letter . ” speaking seriously , athos ! ” said he ; “ the king is surrounded by an army , which is conducting him to london . that the two friends were longing to be alone , prepared to depart , when a noise of dogs barking resounded through the courtyard and	128.3726806640625
many persons said at the same moment : madame , ” replied monte cristo “ but i have an engagement which i can not break . woman one loves is holy . ” ” rejoined the leader , “ there ’ s no doubt ’ tis a gascon who is speaking , and therefore not the man we are looking for . princes , neither were they dukes , neither were they men in power ; they were not even rich . , and gave his hand to milady , while the sailors supported her , for the sea was still much agitated . . , as you promised , all that you could do . ? ” asked he . shall show him how to knock down	105.7702407836914
an ox with a blow of the fist , and i how to trip up a bull by taking him by the horns . ” ” continued beauchamp , “ to be able to exercise so much self-control ! ” added , addressing the boy who waited . soldier ’ s passive obedience . then , to this postscript , my dear monsieur cavalcanti ? ” , count ! resolution ? ” said morrel , shrugging his shoulders ; “ is there anything extraordinary in a journey ? ” . she , “ but i feel some emotion on seeing , for the first time , the man without whose intervention we should have been in tears and <unk> . strange in this unknown spot to find the	100.0748519897461
young man whose misfortunes had made so much noise in paris . , and not give the devil the wicked delight of sending him a <unk> ” a shout of laughter followed this brutal jest . forbidden your lordship to have any pointed instrument . ” postscript ? ” not possess the 175,000 francs i reclaim , you must have lent them to your friends , and m. debray is one of your friends . ” , ” resumed athos , “ we are all faithful servants of his majesty . ” château-renaud , “ i was not wrong just now then , when i said that houses had souls and faces like men , and that their <unk> carried the impress of their characters . ; i	144.3568115234375
fear the cardinal . ” my rival at m. danglars ’ . ” then , that m. d ’ épinay consented to our all living together ? ” true , ” said d ’ artagnan , in a low tone . in the _coupé_ to châlons . downstairs , accompanied by peppino . act began ; and , at the first sound of the leader ’ s bow across his <unk> , franz observed the sleeper slowly arise and approach the greek girl , who turned around to say a few words to him , and then , leaning forward again on the railing of her box , she became as absorbed as before in what was going on . replace the diamond in the ring , ’	99.52715301513672
said la carconte sharply . broke upon me , full of chaste terrors . knowledge of your visit , had i ? ” ” was the ready answer . you spoke of ? ” asked d ’ avrigny . the <unk> of this deceit , and their lugubrious looks settled down into resigned countenances . and held out his hand . , for had not the count heard it from the baroness , or by one of those means by which he knew everything , the baron ’ s countenance would not have led him to suspect it . written to me , then ? ” with joy . the young girl , more eager than villefort for the decision , was watching also intently and affectionately .	146.288330078125
and it is natural that it should be so . urged caderousse . she solicited . bills at ninety days only , and none of the banks would give him credit . 1 to $ 5,000 ) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the irs . go . ” two hundred of them , and each of them will need two , which will make four hundred . ” entered ; when the door was closed behind them ; when the buzzing murmur of the antechamber , to which the summons which had been made had doubtless furnished fresh food , had recommenced ; when m. de tréville had three or four times paced in silence , and with a frowning brow , the whole	206.85211181640625
length of his cabinet , passing each time before porthos and aramis , who were as upright and silent as if on <unk> stopped all at once full in front of them , and covering them from head to foot with an angry look , “ do you know what the king said to me , ” cried he , “ and that no longer ago than yesterday evening—do you know , gentlemen ? ” to you ? state . then , ” said dantès . greatest importance , that demands my immediate presence in paris . hands of the concierge , who takes care of the house , but here is the order i have given him to install the count in his new possessions . ”	100.00887298583984
” said athos , “ take some pains with your toilet , raoul ; i want you to be approved . ” , who instinctively felt that edmond had a right to superiority of <unk> superiority which edmond had concealed from all others . ! ” , disappointed , and drawing his sword d ’ artagnan turned to his adversary : behind me . ” staircase de winter stopped . , ” said urban , an old soldier who had served under the cardinal duke in all his campaigns ; “ come here , there is nothing to be done with him , whilst we may perhaps be able to save the other . ” of it . is very fortunate that the letter was not in it	90.99613952636719
. ” an <unk> price , which the count had doubtless wished to conceal from his guests , was on the second floor of the great palace , situated between the via del babuino and the monte pincio . your excellency , ” he said to him ; “ you heard what the count just said , and also my reply ; let me add that i would not for the four thousand piastres at which i had fixed your friend ’ s ransom , that this had happened . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i wished to speak of you , but i find you so completely detached from everything ! , the poor penitent was unable to shut the door so close	82.00328063964844
as to prevent the passions he fled from entering with him . you know how much the queen loves dancing . to marie michon , the seamstress at tours who had such fine acquaintances , to obtain from the queen authority for mme . . his pocket , signed to a keeper whom he saw through the window of the wicket . whom each held by one arm . foundation ( “ the foundation ” or pglaf ) , owns a compilation copyright in the collection of project gutenberg™ electronic works . gascon answered ; “ athos ! ? ” of this boy ? ” but an imperious glance from the stranger stopped him short ; he bowed humbly and retired . are ! ” said he ;	196.8179168701172
“ that happens every day . ” . resumed d ’ artagnan , “ not having seen you for four or five years i concluded you were dead . ” what he called his history , but which consisted only of the account of a voyage to india , and two or three voyages to the levant , until he arrived at the recital of his last <unk> , with the death of captain leclere , and the receipt of a packet to be delivered by himself to the grand marshal ; his interview with that personage , and his receiving , in place of the packet brought , a letter addressed to a monsieur <unk> arrival at marseilles , and interview with his <unk> affection for mercédès	120.1652603149414
, and their <unk> <unk> arrest and <unk> examination , his temporary detention at the palais de justice , and his final imprisonment in the château d ’ if . england he seduced the wife of one of my friends . ” ! ” it cried . go into the garden , sent away barrois , and after having seated himself at his father ’ s right hand , while madame de villefort placed herself on the left , he addressed him thus : his share of the diamond , seldom quit the parpaillot . some tapestry behind which he might hide himself , and felt an immense inclination to <unk> under the table . not to give too uncomfortable an importance to this observation : for ;	137.32225036621094
i will apprise my mother of my intention , and return to you . ” want ? ” asked the queen , coloring , as she found that she had to deal with a mind as subtle as her own . young man was alarmed by the appearance of every new face , for every new face might be that of a new creditor , come in anxiety to question the head of the house . you that , ” replied the inspector ; “ i can only promise to examine into your case . ” , use it , ” replied gondy . experienced of this malady , i have continually reflected on it . ” cried he in a hoarse voice , “ come here !	68.05001831054688
” the soldiers running to their arms ; the trumpets sounded ; the drums beat ; the duc de beaufort drew his sword . that i request you to follow me , but for my security . was necessary to her domination . be placed in general quesnel ; he was recommended to us from the island of elba ; one of us went to him , and invited him to the rue saint-jacques , where he would find some friends . , if i have committed the crimes you accuse me of , ” shrieked milady , “ take me before a tribunal . ? ” to that ; my scruples do not go thus far . ” or remove the full project gutenberg™ license terms from	117.3011703491211
this work , or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg™ . what rapidity d ’ artagnan seized the expression of a countenance . on end , and he rose to his knees . brought that beautiful diamond that <unk> on your finger ? not at all know the queen , he soon distinguished her voice from the others , at first by a slightly foreign accent , and next by that tone of domination naturally impressed upon all royal words . beauchamp ; “ the absurd reports have died away , and should they be renewed , i would be the first to oppose them ; so let us speak no more of it . ” my friend	157.95018005371094
! ” perfectly , ” said d ’ artagnan . gutenberg ebook twenty years after *** to me ? ” said buckingham , feebly , streaming with blood , and suppressing his agony to speak of her he loved , “ what has she written to me ? came home four days ago , monsieur . fact , ” said monte cristo , approaching , “ i am much afraid that i am the involuntary cause of his absence . ” of the new french conquerors , monsieur , ” said he ; “ it is a handsome uniform . ” , a silken robe , a lace <unk> , a pretty slipper on the foot , a <unk> ribbon on the head do not make an ugly	81.41088104248047
woman pretty , but they make a pretty woman beautiful , without reckoning the hands , which gain by all this ; the hands , among women particularly , to be beautiful must be idle . shining in the beams of the morning sun ; on the shore the sailors were sitting , chatting and laughing ; and at ten yards from them the boat was at anchor , undulating gracefully on the water . you , ” replied the baroness ; “ you forget that what you have just paid me is much more than a poor woman requires , who intends for some time , at least , to retire from the world . ” a door . making recruits and he will lend them to	161.82760620117188
me ; if any are missing when the fete is over , i shall replace them . ” taken in our cargo , the wind became contrary , so that we were four or five days without being able to enter the rhône . . ” not forget that promise . ” to-morrow evening . grace . ” , it ’ s nothing ! ” said milady . blaisois , “ i warn you that i can only swim in rivers . ” porthos , “ death is nothing : it isn ’ t death that can disquiet us , since we don ’ t know what it is . , the infernal project has been <unk> in her brain . ” set my mind at rest ,	82.92719268798828
as you observed just now . ” be saddled , and himself went as guide to the young guardsman . de condé , who , since the death of his father , henri de bourbon , was called , in accordance with the custom of that period , monsieur le prince , was a young man , not more than twenty-six or twenty-seven years old , with the eye of an <unk> ’ <unk> <unk> , as dante <unk> nose , long , waving hair , of medium height , well formed , possessed of all the qualities essential to the successful <unk> is to say , the rapid glance , quick decision , fabulous courage . goes well . ” defeat , and d ’ artagnan remained	158.52725219726562
master of the field of battle . he heard a tremendous noise and found a dense crowd near the house . report more recent than this , dated the 20th february , and this is the 3rd of march ? ” albert . hastily accused your majesty ’ s musketeers , toward whom he is unjust , and that he has not obtained his information from good sources . ” united states , check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading , copying , displaying , performing , distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other project gutenberg™ work . your bandage . ” when i assure you that if i do not attempt to resist	215.62100219726562
my father ’ s commands it is more on your account than my own . ” to buckingham ? times that if you wish to die on that day , i will assist you . ! ” said kitty , in a low voice , “ what is the matter with you ? remember the faces or dress of the assassins ; he had escaped so rapidly that he had not had leisure to notice anything . corpse , which he placed in his own bed with its face to the wall ; then he entered the empty dungeon , closed the entrance , and slipped into the sack which had contained the dead body . but yet it seems to me a shocking thing that a mere	79.95259857177734
joke should lead to such consequences . ” and that ’ s all . ! king , who deprived him of his estates and forbade him to bear the name of de winter . ” , ” said he . , his eyes suffused with blood , and his head thrown back , was lying at full length , beating the floor with his hands , while his legs had become so stiff , that they looked as if they would break rather than bend . ” said mazarin , “ your majesty knows not what you ask . was worth 50,000 without the setting . ’ one after another . asked the monk . honor , ” he said , advancing toward d ’ artagnan ; “	76.2762451171875
and i am truly pleased to meet you . ” told you every night , as she undressed you , that it was a sin to love a priest , just as if one were a priest because one happens to be a cardinal . ” able to do was to drag himself about a dozen paces forward to lean against a <unk> rock . very thing that alarms me , ” returned dantès . the duke , “ a way of descending from the ramparts . ” trench , and threw the corpse beside the wounded man , who was as pale as death . going to eat my breakfast ? ” asked the host . five minutes after . ’ ” project gutenberg literary archive foundation	106.8215560913086
and how your efforts and donations can help , see sections 3 and 4 and the foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org . by d ’ artagnan to what was also due to porthos , pressed his hand in their turn . danglars , “ i find you did not even pause there—— ” disguised as a monk he travels alone in france . ” you permit me to tell you that i do—that is already more happiness than i dared to hope . ” my legs . ” had not to deal with a gentleman , and they treated him like a very peasant . , ” said he , in a deep , gloomy tone , “ here is a woman who was under my guard ,	121.23149108886719
and who has killed herself ! ” and his companion are still here . habit of calling persons by their titles from living in a country where barons are still barons by right of birth . from time to time behind and around about him . we can depend , i hope . ” faculties to a focus ; and you are well aware that from the <unk> of clouds electricity is <unk> electricity , lightning , from lightning , <unk> . ” i trust , in paris , where you shall have your <unk> ” the duke , as he spoke , kissed his hand , spurred his horse into a gallop and disappeared , followed by his troop , who were soon lost in distance and	150.75888061523438
darkness . good fellow , whether there are not many persons of our acquaintance who assume the names of lands and properties they never in their lives were masters of ? ” ” to hell , and that is saying not a little , as i believe him entirely capable of the descent . ” nothing now is lacking except that you should feel remorse for having killed that fellow . ” that i feared my wound would open . ” murmured he , “ in my house ! ” if you will not wait , we must look upon these projects as if they had never been entertained . ” ” exclaimed morrel , “ i do not deceive <unk> young man who is waving his hat	109.1346664428711
, that youth in the uniform of a lieutenant , is albert de morcerf ! ” say it was the cause of your imprisonment . was terrible . his breast . , ” said the cardinal , “ it is not necessary to steal his confidence , but to present yourself frankly and loyally as a negotiator . ” his study , m. morrel had returned to his bedchamber , which he was only this moment quitting . bonds of a political nature with the prince de marsillac , the eldest son of the old duc de <unk> , whom she was trying to inspire with an enmity toward the duc de condé , her brother-in-law , whom she now hated mortally . said aramis , with the	96.44547271728516
tone of philosophical indifference which he had assumed since he had belonged to the church and in which there was more <unk> than confidence in god , “ what is the use of thinking of it all ? time i have done so for sixteen days . ” when he searched on to find in the register this note , placed in a <unk> against his name : . ” you ? ” seemed to be taking aim , and the remainder appeared merely to be sword in hand . too late ; albert had followed the footman , and , hearing the order given , forced the door open , and followed by beauchamp found himself in the banker ’ s study . saw him until that	113.17693328857422
moment , and have not seen him since . ” of the lamps gradually faded in the hands of the marble statues which held them , and the perfumes appeared less powerful to morrel . , i accept them , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ and if it please god , we will make a good use of your presents . ” ! ” the man cried out ; “ chevalier d ’ herblay ! , for he is only fit to hold the horses . to go , ” said the queen . to the count ’ s own thought rather than to what albert was saying , surprised everybody , and especially morrel , who looked at monte cristo with wonder . manner and	74.52568817138672
withdrew , as was his custom on the entrance of his superior . you can wear it ; but should it be too tight , never mind , you can wear the breastplate and the hat with the red feathers . ” with a damask cloth and arranged upon it so many things , gilded , perfumed , appetizing , that d ’ artagnan was quite overcome . mme . said vasiliki , ‘ may god preserve you from ever wishing for that death which today you so much dread ! ’ then , whispering to selim , she asked what were her master ’ s orders . ” said porthos , “ it is so . ” it , but she seems to entertain some prejudice against	147.41993713378906
the danglars . ” sigh . be too much ! ” cried mme . a new acquaintance . ” be dressed ? ” demanded andrea . it is finished , my beloved child , ” said monte cristo , taking the young girl ’ s hands ; “ but i do know you have nothing more to fear . ” , try to make your peace with god , for you are judged by men ! ” said albert , forgetting at the moment the count ’ s command that he should ask no questions of the slave herself , “ is it possible that you can have known what suffering is except by name ? ” ? —where is haydée ? ” the time , and the	66.92070007324219
adventure appeared to me to be cruel for the king . ” them from curiosity , so that i saw the combat without the combatants seeing me . ” may amount to two ... that i have not come to any decided opinion respecting him , but i think him a maltese . ” he met planchet , who had stopped before the house of a pastry cook , and was contemplating with <unk> a cake of the most appetizing appearance . ’ artagnan ; “ <unk> horse has the staggers . ” lucien , playing with a little dog , who , recognizing him as a friend of the house , expected to be caressed , “ i am not the only one who makes similar complaints	137.98716735839844
, i think i heard morcerf say that he could not extract a word from his betrothed . ” murmured , as he left the threshold of the palace : “ ungrateful court ! letter again . had even hidden your <unk> from your husband , who has but the commencement of the <unk> generally husbands _will_ not <unk> would then have been but a faint imitation of most of your friends among the women of the world . my people could tell me nothing on that head . ” ? ” asked the baron , rising and going a step backward . ” ? ” asked morrel with a voice he strove to render firm . his age ! refuse to ratify it ? ” said monte	127.92562103271484
cristo with a voice that betrayed not the least emotion ; and immediately beauchamp appeared . grimaud to bring a glass for d ’ artagnan , and grimaud obeyed as usual . , after five years in prison ? of gondy ’ s study was opened a man rushed in . my dear duke ; but just stretch out your hand . ” , ” resumed m. de tréville , “ what has become of your three companions ? ” said raoul , “ that i have got something like a scratch on the arm . fly ! on his foot and porthos began to understand that this was merely acting . they fled together into <unk> , and there he obtained a little curacy . ” asked	88.6054916381836
he . , attempting to look across the hedge of guards which surrounded him . morrel . i was no longer master of my senses . sale ready ? ” she , “ you will see that if my face is pale , if my eyes are dull , if my beauty is gone ; if mercédès , in short , no longer resembles her former self in her features , you will see that her heart is still the same . cried d ’ artagnan , “ which well becomes good citizens like us . one-and-twenty years ago ; and since then we have not seen the poor marquis three times . ” ” sweet and suppliant , seeing that look , so timid and downcast ,	120.50753784179688
felton reproached himself . ” answered caderousse ; “ and remorse preys on me night and day . arrived ! ” the queen , biting her lips , whilst her courtiers looked at each other with surprise , “ what is the desire of my people ? ” hospital , and learned that the same <unk> night of the 20th of <unk> child had been brought there , wrapped in part of a fine linen napkin , purposely torn in half . mass of spectators and officers of the palais , and withdrew . and say to yourself : ‘ at this moment , a friend , a father , who lives for my happiness and that of maximilian , watches over me ! ’ ” passed his	137.33116149902344
hand over his forehead , which was covered with perspiration . , ere the boy , though still pale as marble , opened his eyes , and eagerly gazed around him . the great d ’ <unk> m. de villefort , to come , but have not much hope of seeing him . ” broussel , ” said porthos . about that cursed affair ? ” asked aramis , “ in which case i do not greatly care to go , for it will be to pocket a lecture ; and since it is my function to give them to others i am rather averse to receiving them myself . ” ” said mazarin , looking with astonishment at those two men . contains two <unk> king ,	88.86570739746094
who must die , and royalty , which never dies . escape that scoundrel mazarin ? d ’ artagnan . our appearance that we were people of quality , and not <unk> ? ” madeleine : counsel : —our accounts are made up and our bills paid ; all we have to do is to stop the issue of any more , and close our office . ’ at the same moment , and friquet was waiting behind comminges until the door should be opened . . , that ’ s well , ” continued the cardinal . ! ” cried the guards , and they drew back respectfully to let the two friends pass . milady was an englishwoman whom the persecutions of the french drove from	158.3648223876953
la rochelle ; when landing at boulogne , after a two days ’ passage , she passed for a <unk> whom the english persecuted at portsmouth out of their hatred for france . , in the english fashion , to leave the <unk> in their cups , the door again opened and danglars entered , visibly agitated . d ’ artagnan , “ he ’ s just the man i count upon . a countenance full of intelligence , the play of which had been , nevertheless , subdued by age and experience ; and d ’ artagnan received the penetrating glance like one who had formerly sustained many a searching look , very different , indeed , from those which were inquiringly directed on him at that	178.8564453125
instant . be too late ! ” ” said felton ; “ i am eager to see you attain your vengeance ! ” badly . ” ” son of one of the <unk> merchants in london . ” own house , and to put yourself still more at your ease , pray accompany me to the apartments of m. de morcerf , he whom i wrote from rome an account of the services you rendered me , and to whom i announced your promised visit , and i may say that both the count and countess anxiously desire to thank you in person . me shudder ; and one day when we were viewing an execution , i thought i should faint , more from hearing the cold	114.20626068115234
and calm manner in which he spoke of every description of torture , than from the sight of the executioner and the culprit . ” , or rather bounded , with outstretched arms , towards the table . grace , pardon ! ” cried the wretch , falling on her knees . when the good you have done <unk> your cause before god ; and see , perhaps it is a happiness for you , humble and powerless as i am , that you have met with me , for if i leave this place , <unk> have powerful friends , who , after having exerted themselves on my account , may also exert themselves for you . ” that ? ” the skiff , and sat down	96.28832244873047
in the stern sheets , with the order that he be put ashore at la canebière . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ if men are punished for imprudence and <unk> , this poor king deserves punishment . same . that when three great passions , such as sorrow , love , and gratitude fill the heart , _ennui_ can find no place . ” , and then said , coloring , “ will it be really rendering you a service , d ’ artagnan ? ” to be speaking of me . ” seen what a superb appearance he made upon his handsome spanish _genet_ , she would not have regretted the bleeding she had inflicted upon the strongbox of her husband . of the letter	153.87498474121094
mazarin gave a side glance at him to see if he was watching the expression of his face as he read . the negative . ? the little group amongst which the king stood . of which alone the use remained to him to the young man , who threw himself upon his neck and wept . the vast resources of his genius were at work night and day , engaged in listening to the least report heard in any of the great kingdoms of europe . attacked by a fever , and died three days afterwards . the evening at the cardinal rospigliosi ’ s , and there mention was made of something like a pardon for one of the two men . ” , ” said	126.81696319580078
athos . thing is absolutely impossible . ” ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . , but i , never ! ” on , ” said he , between his teeth , “ expend your ardor the first day ; to-morrow , instead of journeying twenty leagues , you will travel ten , the day after to-morrow , five , and in three days you will be in bed . , and my clothes are ready packed , ” said morrel in his tranquil but mournful manner . drawn , like that of a man who had just undergone some inward struggle . i am quite sure that after turning out all my pockets and emptying my drawers i shall not find ten louis at home . <unk>	120.95478820800781
horse , small but very handsome . help perceiving that something more than usual was passing in the mind of his lackey and said , “ well , monsieur planchet , what is the matter with us now ? ” observed albert , “ he seemed to me somewhat eccentric ; were he at paris , and a <unk> of the theatres , i should say he was a poor devil literally mad . understand . man he asked for was before him , booted and spurred . of this frightful creature still live ? ” said aramis . murmur without became an explosion ; nothing was to be heard but oaths and blasphemies . subject to the investigation of the cardinal ; a family affair concerned nobody	181.9497528076172
. go in . ” ” said a voice behind him . is certainly some magic underneath . ” diamond to us only ? ” inquired caderousse , half bewildered with joy ; “ yes , nothing more true ! on horseback were waiting on the edge of the stream , ready to embark . watch . father was not allowed to fall . sir , ” replied andrea with a sigh , still more remarkable than the former ones . us when we were four together . to misunderstand the meaning of this hesitation . baron , ” said albert , “ you are not <unk> <unk> in a <unk> like you ! ” remained convinced that d ’ artagnan had seen and heard everything ; but	79.00985717773438
he was pleased with his falsehood . dear friend ; and i may even say the sight of you increases my dismay . ” as quickly as possible . of the young man . bethune ! ” murmured the young monk , shrinking back and showing on his countenance the feeling of repugnance which his penitent inspired . came down again , holding in his hand the small shagreen case , which he opened , to assure himself it contained the diamond , <unk> to hesitate as to which pocket he should put it in , then , as if dissatisfied with the security of either pocket , he deposited it in his red handkerchief , which he carefully rolled round his head . and conducted to the	138.27896118164062
low and vaulted chamber , in which ornano , <unk> , and his uncle had died . , ” replied milady , driven into her entrenchment , “ that i have not the honor of knowing her personally ; but i know a great number of her most intimate friends . , baron , what have you learned with regard to the affair in the rue saint-jacques ? ” revolutionary period , in the midst of which we were born , without some stain of infamy or blood to soil the uniform of the soldier , or the gown of the magistrate . asked , “ that will do , will it not ? ” . ” dear bonacieux ; i don ’ t conceal this from you	100.28340911865234
. ” the insolent creature who uttered this , but did not recognize him . of them , wiped his eyes . anne , “ to humble myself thus ! night , suddenly , dreaming that he had been robbed of monsieur de beaufort . will be great , no doubt , especially if the telegraph should not make any more mistakes . ” be a demon ! ” said porthos , holding out his plate to aramis , who was cutting up a fowl . we have said , had become more tranquil , as always happens after a past danger , particularly when the danger seems to have vanished . obey the orders of his officer . agitation . , i conjure you in the name	101.36038970947266
of humanity to follow me to aid this man ; if you be not , it is a different matter , and i warn you in the name of courtesy , of which you appear profoundly ignorant , that i shall <unk> you for your insolence . ” ” cried olivain . within the circle of the camp , the four friends did not exchange one word ; besides , they were followed by the curious , who , hearing of the wager , were anxious to know how they would come out of it . no servant ; the tall man alone inhabited this house . man , ” he said , and fell from his horse to the ground . , ” said d ’ artagnan	59.17110824584961
. aramis , “ we know how the matter stands . ! ” he said , “ take <unk> it , and send for something immediately. ” and he emptied his pockets on the table , the contents consisting of a dozen gold pieces , five or six <unk> pieces , and some smaller coin . years in prison , and now to him , looking back upon them , those five years , which had passed so slowly , seemed not so long a time as were the two days , the forty-eight hours , which still parted him from the time fixed for his escape . told me two cavaliers of the parisian army were seeking me and named the comte de la fere . ”	124.41641998291016
d ’ artagnan ; you know that . ” in the morning they set out . her room , resigned her to the care of her attendants , and returning to his study , which he shut quickly this time , he again copied the destroyed will . terrible months with athos . signor vampa exercises his profession at this moment in the environs of rome ? ” in her little slender fingers and conveyed it to her mouth with all the innocent artlessness of a child when eating or drinking something which it likes . he , showing it . who are you ? ” asked the englishman . happened to brutus the night before the battle of <unk> ; i have seen a ghost . ”	129.60081481933594
at my hôtel . ” said he , “ did not have personal <unk> ” to keep you all to myself . ” make dull jokes , my dear , ” said porthos . officer repeated twenty times : “ in the king ’ s name , ” were powerless against this formidable <unk> , on the contrary , to exasperate it still more ; when , at the shout , “ in the name of the king , ” an officer ran up , and seeing the uniforms <unk> , he sprang into the <unk> sword in hand , and brought unexpected help to the guards . be very <unk> , but i certainly should have no difficulty in explaining my wants and wishes ; and that	97.61505889892578
would be quite as much as i should ever require . ” read this morning ; read it again , dantès , and then i will complete for you the incomplete words and unconnected sense . ” with mazarin ! solitary and eccentric position of the count , his enormous , nay , almost incredible fortune , should have made men cautious , and have altogether prevented ladies visiting a house where there was no one of their own sex to receive them ; and yet curiosity had been enough to lead them to <unk> the bounds of prudence and decorum . let us go to your friend ’ s house . fear , my lord ? ” ! ” said the king to the two gentlemen who	130.59088134765625
were held by d ’ artagnan and porthos . you , my dear aramis , for you are still the same ; you have still your beautiful dark hair , still your elegant figure , still your feminine hands , which are admirably suited to a prelate . ” out at the hotel rambouillet ; it would ruin me , ” replied the abbé . s ; the other , that of franz and his friends . the passage through which , not to disturb their sleep , the doctor and nurse pass , or even the father carrying the sleeping child ? ” young person with you tonight , count , ” said eugénie . artagnan and porthos conducted mazarin to the queen ; and the one	98.45674133300781
received his commission , the other his patent of nobility . ” exclaimed a voice from behind the trees . to restrain him . attack the wedge . inns puzzled them ; they could not go to all ; how could they guess in which those whom they were seeking had stayed ? ship had entered the harbor at le havre , that this ship brought news that a payment we had looked upon as lost was going to be made . which the scene we have just described had taken place on the road between bellegarde and beaucaire , a man of about thirty or <unk> , dressed in a bright blue frock coat , nankeen trousers , and a white waistcoat , having the appearance and	264.7921447753906
accent of an englishman , presented himself before the mayor of marseilles . here , sir , to exchange hypocritical expressions of politeness , or false professions of friendship , ” said albert , “ but to demand an explanation . ” said monte cristo , rubbing his elbow , “ it ’ s all your servant ’ s fault ; your stairs are so polished , it is like walking on glass . ” love , reflect a little upon what you require of me . the drawing-room , ” said he to baptistin , while he led the beautiful greek girl to a private staircase . thirst which can only be appeased in the grave ? the problem . ” the intoxication of joy , felt	127.58989715576172
ready to <unk> away at the very gate of that terrestrial paradise called love ! first <unk> . ? ” asked m. de tréville , glancing round to see if they were surely alone , and then fixing his questioning look upon d ’ artagnan . of water , ” said the abbé . brother of the family , who had left her a widow with one child . fog . ” in the matter has been child ’ s play . a cloak , appeared at the door , but seeing a stranger he beckoned to his companions , and two men who were drinking in the inn went out to speak to him . do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the	91.06320190429688
solicitation requirements , we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate . . of that fact , ” answered monte cristo calmly . then ! ” said the unhappy young woman , in the excess of her pride and joy , presenting a letter to milady . have called three times without once seeing him . sapphire . la ramee ! , at an inn . ” floor , according to a custom in provincial villages , were barred , so that they strongly resembled the windows of a prison . among these forty there had been one good way he would have been out long ago . ” muttered . will not say two	221.5143585205078
conquerors , for with perseverance i subdue even them , <unk> are time and distance . replied that since every opportunity of distinguishing himself in arms was taken from him , he wished to make himself celebrated in the arts ; since he could not be a bayard , he would become a raphael or a michael angelo . because you know , that although i esteem him from my heart i am a little <unk> by the comte de la fere ; but it is understood that what i offer you i offer him at the same time . fernand , and villefort the oath of implacable vengeance he had made in his dungeon . young man bade him conduct the stranger to m. morrel ’ s	141.7689208984375
apartment . limits she had traced beforehand with her irresistible spirit and her iron will . monsieur le cardinal to my friend ’ s chateau and there we have come to an understanding . cleaving through space like a bird in the air , rested on cavalcanti . listening , ” said villefort ; “ <unk> am prepared for everything ! ” expend considerable effort to identify , do copyright research on , <unk> and <unk> works not protected by u.s. copyright law in creating the project gutenberg™ collection . lips the repast that , like a <unk> <unk> , he refused himself ; but he thought of his oath , and he would not break it . are afraid of him . telling us about the extraordinary	243.90293884277344
death of valentine . ” while others formed parties and plans to annoy the pages and guards of the cardinal <unk> things which appeared to d ’ artagnan monstrous impossibilities . the good fortune that has befallen you . ” my youth , i was not so on the night of the betrothal , when we were all seated around a table in the rue du cours at marseilles . see the king this evening ; but as to you , i do not advise you to risk doing so . ” ? ” , then , dear traitor ! ” madame ? —m . it becomes the simplest thing in the world ; get me that proof , and i will send him to the bastille .	115.01596069335938
” ” said albert , “ and may there remain only the eternal friendship which i promised to my deliverer , which shall be transmitted to our children ’ s children , and shall always remind me that i owe my life and the honor of my name to you , —for had this been known , oh , beauchamp , i should have destroyed myself ; or , —no , my poor mother ! never known any sinbad , with the exception of the one celebrated in the _thousand and one <unk> ” <unk> understand that ; not like monsieur de richelieu , who went on just as he pleased . priest ’ s hand , and without meeting villefort , who was engaged in his study	118.970703125
, they reached valentine ’ s room , which on the following night was to be occupied by the undertakers . continued the count , “ had i to avenge myself , it is not thus i would take revenge . ” i ever possessed any ; but really we have talked long enough of money , count , we are like two stockbrokers ; have you heard how fate is persecuting the poor villeforts ? ” have a communication to make to you . ” not sorry to retain grimaud ; he is accustomed to my ways , and i am particular . and whilst we fight for opposite sides , let us remain friends . , and if you let yourself die of hunger that will	135.36801147460938
be your own fault . ’ ever on the alert , could alone have discovered them , had gone to devour his apricots upon the <unk> of a house in the square of notre dame . loved ! ” it was to lock up in an old bureau with a new lock his bag of money , and then as soon as supper was ready he sent away the waiter who brought it up and sat down to table . have made himself familiar with his surroundings . ” said the young girl , who at the sound of the carriage had run downstairs and whose face was radiant with joy at seeing the count return safely . no engagement and consider myself quite free . , ”	154.46749877929688
said porthos , “ of a certain <unk> of <unk> , who performed wonderful feats , such as binding his forehead with a cord and bursting <unk> killing an ox with a blow of his fist and carrying it home on his shoulders , et <unk> . seen him , ” he replied , “ and he has handed this letter to me . on a sofa , eugénie sat near her , and cavalcanti was standing . valet de chambre ? ” could be no mistake in the execution of her orders , she started her horse and disappeared . last , he had not sufficient strength to rise and cast his supper out of the loophole . , ” said the inspector . your wife ,	103.39849090576172
i tell you , ” repeated d ’ artagnan ; “ only reflect how much the two descriptions resemble each other . ” you are going to know me . completely deserted , the night too dark , the captain too <unk> . more about it , then . ? ” . ” that green preserve is nothing less than the ambrosia which <unk> served at the table of jupiter . ” carelessly opened the letter which had been brought to him ; but the first lines aroused his attention ; he read them again and again , and fixing his eyes on m. de morcerf , ‘ count , ’ said he , ‘ you have said that the vizier of yanina confided his wife and daughter	95.83690643310547
to your care ? ’ — ‘ yes , sir , ’ replied morcerf ; ‘ but in that , like all the rest , misfortune pursued me . possessed by the demon of hate or cupidity , who has an enemy to destroy , or some near relation to dispose of , goes straight to the grocer ’ s or druggist ’ s , gives a false name , which leads more easily to his detection than his real one , and under the pretext that the rats prevent him from sleeping , purchases five or six <unk> of <unk> he is really a cunning fellow , he goes to five or six different druggists or grocers , and thereby becomes only five or six times more	287.0322265625
easily traced ; —then , when he has acquired his specific , he <unk> duly to his enemy , or near <unk> , a dose of arsenic which would make a <unk> or <unk> burst , and which , without <unk> or reason , makes his victim utter groans which alarm the entire neighborhood . the glory of having saved his king , ” cried winter . you , sir , ” said raoul . faith of a gentleman . ” results of mazarin ’ s <unk> . a hurry to be happy , m. danglars ; for when we have suffered a long time , we have great difficulty in believing in good fortune . if he were conquered , and see that friendship changed into hate	140.43919372558594
if you were victor . ” replied milady . the matter , raoul ? ” said athos , very anxiously . them to draw near . open blinds made the lamp appear to burn paler , and cast a sepulchral hue over the whole scene . long legs and his determined <unk> . and pretty mme . what do you require besides the general conditions before recited ? ” said the governor . wait , —a week , a month , two months , if need be , —and meanwhile your strength will return . olivain to make some inquiry about the young man who was preceding them ; he had been observed to pass only three-quarters of an hour previously , but he was well mounted ,	197.92535400390625
as the <unk> had already said , and rode at a rapid pace . drew back the curtains . and fell a second time on his knees . accompany you , ” said aramis , “ though i scarcely feel in a condition to mount on horseback . opened and a man began to sing : would like capital . ” monte cristo , “ i trust he is not going to tempt me by some fresh insult ! ” misfortune happen to me , ” replied monte cristo , “ i wish my daughter to be happy. ” haydée smiled sorrowfully , and shook her head . sir , ” replied the prisoner , humbly . ” said she . , are done once—and never repeated .	73.98113250732422
” some mine , ” said madame danglars . you will send him to me . i assure you . ” mixture of greek words . said he . the latter , blushing , “ what must i say ? ” day to-morrow , if you want it . you ! ” said buckingham . he said . , according to his <unk> practice . am not at liberty to tell you , gentlemen ; you must trust to me . ” how i hear the news , ” he said . should not be seen together ; those guides are nothing but spies , and might possibly recognize you ; and , however i may be honored by your friendship , my worthy friend , if once	54.14738845825195
the extent of our intimacy were known , i am sadly afraid both my reputation and credit would suffer thereby . ” ” you , to us ! andrea looked around , in order to assure himself that he could neither be seen nor heard , and then , stopping the horse and crossing his arms before the man , he asked : had never been on strict terms of friendship ; still , the death of one old man always considerably affects another . ” was an easy one . draw a physical or moral portrait of grimaud ; if , as we hope , our readers have not wholly forgotten the first part of this work , they must have preserved a clear idea of that	180.4859619140625
estimable individual , who is wholly unchanged , except that he is twenty years older , an advance in life that has made him only more silent ; although , since the change that had been working in himself , athos had given grimaud permission to speak . cold i am ! ” cried planchet , as soon as he had lost sight of his master ; and in such haste was he to warm himself that he went straight to a house set out with all the attributes of a <unk> tavern , and knocked at the door . more , ” said the voice ; “ only tell me how high up is your excavation ? ” a new outbreak from the benches . do you	135.3362579345703
wish me to speak freely to you ? ” continued d ’ artagnan , with his frank expression . continued he , “ was he not about my height , perhaps a little taller , with his chin imprisoned , as it were , in a high cravat ; his coat closely buttoned up , and constantly taking out his pencil ? ” project gutenberg™ , including how to make donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , how to help produce our new ebooks , and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new ebooks . to a distance to discover aramis . stooping , drew herself up under the blow . names , and if he does not send us a suitable	177.60772705078125
message we will leave him to his own affairs or those of france . the false <unk> is it not ? ” inquired madame de villefort . mazarin , “ i shall not sleep at all ; i have work to do . ” : and opened it . to dinner . ” to the scaffold , ” resumed the <unk> “ oh , my lord ! at once ? ” have now reached the moment of decision . my dear mother , he was esteemed such . ” young man who was travelling with his sister . danglars ; “ was not this murdered man an old galley-slave ? ” , he came back , and in a very bad condition , too . madame , that	55.957176208496094
is the same . reading , as if trying to guess its contents , or perhaps while making up his mind how to act , whatever it might contain . ” am ready to feel toward you . ” d ’ artagnan , “ ’ tis twenty years <unk> have a good <unk> i had the honor behind a piece of tapestry in the hotel de ville , of kissing one of those lovely hands . ” make them drunk . confidential conversation , ” returned valentine ; “ she was <unk> to me her repugnance to the marriage with m. de morcerf ; and i , on the other hand , was confessing to her how wretched it made me to think of marrying m. d ’	110.52372741699219
épinay . ” a hundred times in the same room with the queen since he had become lieutenant of the musketeers , but her majesty had never once spoken to him . to a gallop . of doubtful <unk> . them the key of his <unk> least such was the apparent motive of his visit . , everything can be attained , porthos , women and doors , by proceeding with gentleness . ” all is arranged , do not let these newly awakened remembrances be forgotten . continued villefort . is rich enough to drink a tun of port wine , even if obliged to pay a pistole for every <unk> ” his manner became more and more lofty every instant ; then he arose and after	173.8863525390625
finishing off the beer at one draught he advanced majestically to the door of the compartment where the wine was . , ” said the countess , “ at least , as far as i could judge in the few minutes he remained here . ” be had in saint germain . . harrison . however , as he could perceive no threatening object , as nothing indicated that he ran any real danger , as the bench was comfortably covered with a <unk> cushion , as the wall was ornamented with a beautiful <unk> leather , and as large red damask curtains , fastened back by gold clasps , floated before the window , he perceived by degrees that his fear was exaggerated , and he began	153.1862335205078
to turn his head to the right and the left , <unk> and <unk> . , his eminence will be forced to renew his company in three weeks , and i to put the edicts in force in all their <unk> . captain without that , ” said dantès . man of four or five-and-twenty , bronzed by the sun ; he carried his head erect , and seemed on the watch to see on which side his liberator would appear . sometimes die worth twenty thousand and twenty-five and thirty thousand francs and sometimes more . ” said villefort . ” at the stern ; the officer requested her to sit down upon this cloak , and placed himself beside her . sentiment affected all the guests	134.6822509765625
on entering the dining-room . the banker , “ things are constantly occurring in the world to induce us to lay aside our most established opinions , or at all events to cause us to <unk> them according to the change of circumstances , which may have placed affairs in a totally different light to that in which we at first viewed them . ” me ; say frankly , what do you think of this business ? ” you will let us , my good planchet . ” was in paris only for a month , inhabited a small <unk> house behind <unk> ; there were two rooms on each floor and he was the only tenant . he was , was for once mistaken ; broussel	157.3502960205078
was a thing , not a name . ” forming one vast <unk> , were heard , mingled with guns firing . lord de winter , ” said patrick . was superior to others , the more he was to be dreaded if he meant to deceive him . andrea was not very handsome , the hideous scoundrel ! morcerf , reddening slightly , “ i have left the service , monsieur . ” said the major . of september ; the wind blew violently . officer descended , approached the guardhouse , a dozen soldiers came out and formed themselves in order ; dantès saw the reflection of their muskets by the light of the lamps on the quay . had shut the street door and she	140.55014038085938
found herself alone ; “ that <unk> lacked but one thing : to become a cardinalist . unknown to me ; the marquis of saint-méran ! ” and he appeared to meditate . to him . , and after five minutes ’ discussion a manœuvre was executed which caused the vessel to tack about , they returned the way they had come , and in a few minutes the fire disappeared , hidden by an elevation of the land . stammered the baron . milady , in an anxious tone ; “ explain yourself , for i really can not tell what you mean . ” been men who suffered more than you . ” and showed me an order and i followed him . a cloud passed	140.73463439941406
over the brow of athos , a haughty smile curled the lip of porthos , and a negative sign was the reply of aramis . to undertake a journey to brussels for the queen ? ” in haste to celebrate a victory , porthos , ” interposed d ’ artagnan ; “ never have we incurred a greater danger than we are now encountering . of the castle ; he ’ s posted there . ” , ” stammered lucien . <unk> his mustache , elongated his imperial a second time , and began to make signals to a beautiful lady who was near the choir , and who not only was a beautiful lady , but still further , no doubt , a great <unk> she had	128.14418029785156
behind her a negro boy who had brought the cushion on which she knelt , and a female servant who held the <unk> bag in which was placed the book from which she read the mass . the affirmative , and pointed to a dozen bodies which he had set up in the most picturesque attitudes . the hôtel of m. de tréville ; his visit of the day before , it is to be remembered , had been very short and very little <unk> . final effort , in which he summoned all his faculties , he said , — “ monte cristo , forget not monte cristo ! ” and he fell back on the bed . ” interrupted valentine , “ consider <unk> recent death	110.8917236328125
. in gallant speeches and protestations of devotion . is indeed strange ! ” head , and set off at full speed . the duchess , with a meaning look , “ you do not say too much against her . ” himself , he said , “ it appears , then , that the miserable old man you were telling me of was forsaken by everyone . lemaire are a league from the château d ’ if ; dantès , nevertheless , determined to make for them . , i could not give him the particulars without naming our friends ; to name them would be to commit them to ruin , so i merely said they were fifty and we were two . said d ’	104.9666976928711
artagnan , in his most wheedling tone . you have me do ? ” said the major . , gentlemen , provided we set sail , ” he said . an opportunity made to your hand , and it would be difficult to contrive a better . and motionless , having but the force of will and not the power of execution . eminence has been making fresh complaints against your musketeers , and that with so much emotion , that this evening his eminence is indisposed ? porthos , with a kind of pretense of answering . ? ” be <unk> loved ! ! with astonishment on the young man , who , almost a stranger to him , called noirtier his father . , ” said	87.59091186523438
athos ; “ put your other hand here. ” and he offered him his shoulder as another stay and support , so that his head almost touched that of mordaunt ; and these two mortal enemies were in as close an embrace as if they had been brothers . there was an <unk> in the cellar and the wine was in bottles . which franz saw the shepherd going along a narrow path that led over the irregular and broken surface of the campagna ; and finally he disappeared in the midst of the tall red <unk> , which seemed like the bristling mane of an enormous lion . strange scene remained facing one another , without uttering a single word ; the queen standing near the door	244.34518432617188
, d ’ artagnan half out of his hiding place , the king raised on his elbow , ready to fall down on his bed again at the slightest sound that would indicate the return of the multitude , but instead of approaching , the noise became more and more distant and very soon it died entirely away . this action had been miraculously <unk> believed that a benefactor had arisen from the grave to save us . is right , ” replied bertuccio , “ and god made this infant the instrument of our punishment . do you have such ideas ? ’ cried caderousse ; ‘ or , if you have them , why don ’ t you keep them to yourself ? ’ a feeling	135.56716918945312
of respectful delicacy ; it was , however , evident that the cardinal was recognized by both comminges and the other officers on horseback . ” said debray . direct , it seems to me . ” “ like master , like man. ” let us pass , then , from the valet of athos to the valet of porthos , from grimaud to mousqueton . . barony was perhaps dependent on that affair . my word ! ” said d ’ artagnan . said andrea . i must ask your leave of absence for some days . ” she , “ i perfectly understand my grandfather ’ s meaning at all times . ” woman had made an appointment with him before the pavilion , and not	69.7785415649414
in the pavilion ; that she might have been detained in paris by her duties , or perhaps by the jealousy of her husband . my master has ordered his horses at eight o ’ clock precisely . ” that i have unconsciously stumbled upon the truth . ” lowered his <unk> “ all france , covered with spies and creatures of the cardinal , must be crossed . bitter laugh resounding from the depths . he is not with us ; he left paris more than six weeks ago and is believed to have gone on a mission to england . ” the garden ? ” said debray , advancing towards the back staircase . if you were only to touch me with the tip of your	117.88983917236328
finger the fit would return . ” in doing nothing for you in spite of all my efforts . ” i know you to be the most conscientious man in the world , and although i place the utmost reliance in you , i want , notwithstanding my conviction , to believe this axiom , <unk> <unk> est_ . ” wife , and i shall be back in two hours , ” and caderousse left the house in haste , and ran rapidly in the direction opposite to that which the priest had taken . idea of the carnival at rome . here ? ” asked the count , seeing him covered with dust ; “ i did not send for you , i think ? ” up	87.53646087646484
. ” athos and porthos , who were coming to see him . use for you to know anything about it , ” said the young woman , whom an instinctive mistrust now impelled to draw back . ? ” , ’ you said , when you had more than you before possessed , and you committed a third crime , without reason , without excuse . walk together ? ” athos then said to aramis . , ’ answered caderousse , ‘ that was not my reason , i can assure you ; but the circumstances by which we have become possessed of this wealth are so unexpected , as to make us scarcely credit our good fortune , and it is only by placing the actual	99.87872314453125
proof of our riches before our eyes that we can persuade ourselves that the whole affair is not a dream . ’ how a gardener may get rid of the dormice that eat his <unk> . ” him the advantage of watching his prisoner . invalid an <unk> look as to the new favor which he designed to bestow on him . ” leave you here ? mean—— ” the day on which i was arrested , ” returned the abbé faria ; “ and as the emperor had created the kingdom of rome for his infant son , i presume that he has realized the dream of machiavelli and cæsar borgia , which was to make italy a united kingdom . ” said aramis , “ but	161.58787536621094
it is far from here to the enemy . ” the marquise , without wincing in the slightest degree at the tragic remembrance thus called up ; “ but bear in mind , if you please , that our respective parents underwent persecution and <unk> from diametrically opposite principles ; in proof of which i may remark , that while my family remained among the <unk> adherents of the exiled princes , your father lost no time in joining the new government ; and that while the citizen noirtier was a girondin , the count noirtier became a senator . ” and i think i have the honor of addressing count andrea cavalcanti ? ” on which could be read this strange <unk> : “ we are seeking	253.93768310546875
our king . ” villefort , “ you know that i am no hypocrite , or , at least , that i never deceive without a reason . pursue him ? ” cried mazarin . cristo is always an early <unk> ; and i can answer for his having been up these two hours . ” be in the army commanded by the duc de beaufort . ” japanese , <unk> laws , are as familiar to me as the french laws , and thus i was right , when i said to you , that relatively ( you know that everything is relative , sir ) —that relatively to what i have done , you have very little to do ; but that relatively to all i	97.01612854003906
have learned , you have yet a great deal to learn . ” dead who do not return . ” . the floor , his head leaning against the wall , and about him was a pool of blood which poured forth from three large wounds in his breast ; there was a fourth <unk> , in which a long table knife was plunged up to the handle . uniform beats one of the bravest and noblest hearts in the whole army . ” said the young man , laughing , “ i confess it , and so much more the readily , my dear bonacieux , as i see there is no concealing anything from you . water and strangle him . ” inquired the abbé .	76.25606536865234
” answered athos , with a trembling voice . been undecided whether the supper should take place in the dining-room , or under a long tent erected on the lawn , but the beautiful blue sky , studded with stars , had settled the question in favor of the lawn . this paroxysm , knowing that he could do nothing to alleviate it , and , going up to noirtier , said abruptly : orders to arrest her and would have cut off her head had she not escaped with her <unk> kitty ! his return , franz found a letter from the embassy , informing him that he would have the honor of being received by his holiness the next day . this scene made the perspiration	169.5216064453125
roll from his forehead , and franz was stupefied . . ” , in the hands of the abbé faria , had been so skilfully used to guide him through the <unk> labyrinth of probabilities , he thought that the cardinal spada , anxious not to be watched , had entered the creek , concealed his little <unk> , followed the line marked by the <unk> in the rock , and at the end of it had buried his treasure . but to that i answer that it is impossible . ” and <unk> too , like an ill-bred man . . bishop that very evening to apprise him of the religious desire expressed by the king and also of cromwell ’ s permission . felton , “	104.47653198242188
i do not fear him , nor will i spare him . ” the word “ secret . ” you say to that ? ” the countess , “ i know no more of him than yourself . ” ? ” about the club in the rue saint-jacques ? ” ” upon the table . porthos , that i continue to study theology for that purpose . ” rue des tournelles a house known by all the <unk> <unk> and footmen of paris , and yet , nevertheless , this house was neither that of a great lord nor of a rich man . ” cried the calm voice of athos , from the other side of the door , “ let them just come in , these	73.55867004394531
<unk> of little children , and we shall see ! ” carry her , but could not do it . shipowner . ” the interests of the queen ; and if anything should happen , mme . desk and d ’ artagnan proceeded to examine his face , as he had just examined the letter he held , but the envelope which covered his countenance appeared as impenetrable as that which covered the letter . , but in the other he only poured a few drops of the <unk> liquid . the prince , turning toward raoul , “ i know that you have a letter from my sister , madame de longueville ; but i see that you have preferred <unk> yourself to me by giving me	67.26275634765625
good counsel . ” can be found to describe the days which they occupy in descending ? gentleman ; but i can not be imprisoned for the reason <unk> ; it is impossible . ” us go , ” said the shipmaster . honor , ” said athos , “ your eminence is right in taking us with you ; we have seen several ill-looking faces on the road , and we have even had a quarrel at the red dovecot with four of those faces . ” monsieur de rochefort ; i want him and you and all to aid me . ” ” replied raoul , “ her fall is a very serious one , and without any ostensible injury , the physician fears she will	103.39897918701172
be lame for life . ” way of dressing as a man , that dear marie ; i know only one other woman who can do it as well . would do ! —nothing ! ” gave you a fourth of my gains , i think you owe me a fourth of my losses ; the fourth of 700,000 francs is 175,000 francs . ” ” francs , does it not ? ” asked he . then , ” said fernand impatiently . meet him . in the morning a crowd was stationed at the iron gates , and an hour before the trial commenced the hall was full of the privileged . the example . . for ever since you were deputed by me to arrest the	109.63319396972656
duc de beaufort , this officer and i have been on bad terms . , i assure you . all the courage which he concealed beneath his elegant form and polished manners to bear him so far . , monsieur , ” resumed planchet , “ that if it were for some enterprise like that undertaken against monsieur broussel that you should ask me to take my <unk> ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ this _carte blanche_ , does it remain in her hands ? ” sir , ” replied bernouin ; and the poor coachman was conducted to a closet , the windows of which were barred and which looked very much like a prison . it ! ” replied d ’ artagnan ,	82.92822265625
who knew nothing about it , but who wished to appear to know everything that was going on . each other with an expression of fear . , a few inarticulate sounds alone escaped my lips . line when a cry behind him made him start , and the pen fell from his hand . chapter lv . sake , ” said the executioner , extending his arms . , and i have come hither with all speed . ” quarter of an hour he shall be with you . ” bad intentions . answered d ’ artagnan , laughing , “ if he only said that , it did not enlighten you much . ” madame , because i myself have made use of them , that	70.65633392333984
i might not be poisoned at naples , at palermo , and at <unk> is to say , on three several occasions when , but for these precautions , i must have lost my life . ” the via <unk> <unk> ; the coachman , without saying a word , drove up it , passed along the piazza di spagna and the rospoli palace and stopped at the door of the hotel . , and i have very great faith in planchet , who appears to me to be a very good lad . ” complete darkness . at the spot where groslow stood they stopped , as if guessing that he was the man they wanted . aramis , “ if i understand rightly we are to	97.99267578125
kill them all , eh ? ” come back rich , my boy , ” continued the tailor , looking askance at the handful of gold and silver which dantès had thrown on the table . man by the chimney raised his eyes from the <unk> , and plunged them like poniards into the heart of the poor mercer . one o ’ clock , then , ” replied d ’ artagnan , turning the angle of the street . porthos . : www.gutenberg.org/donate . so ? ” demanded silence . in this world and we shall see that this apparently slight incident came near endangering the monarchy . numbers ? ” ? ” pistoles . whom the glorious musketeer had picked up on the bridge <unk> ,	105.80873107910156
making rings and <unk> in the water . all the garden two or three times to find the famous spring , and , being unsuccessful , he will soon purchase all the contiguous houses . ” clock in the morning and the pious <unk> have just finished saying mass for the success of the armies of king charles i . d ’ artagnan . epistle , and opened it eagerly . horse , porthos ? said aramis . of crocodiles , ” cried the count , extending his clenched hands towards the crowd , “ how well do i recognize you there , and that at all times you are worthy of yourselves ! ” ” said athos , taking his hand , “ you know i love	113.06829833984375
you ; if i had a son i could not love him better . cry of surprise . ” you , d ’ artagnan , and you , athos ? ” said the young man . said the august visitor , “ it was my first intention to speak of the matters that have brought me here to the queen , my sister , but i have reflected that political affairs are more especially the concern of men . ” steps were heard approaching nearer and nearer ; they were descending the steps leading to the cavern . ” , ” continued franz gravely . help of either valentine or the domestic in order to carry on with his father the strange conversation which he was about to	96.05352783203125
begin . from his mind the fear he entertained of his terrible <unk> he comprehended the strange qualities of this woman , sometimes a serpent , sometimes a lion . two bottles of champagne , and the difference will be for the napkins . ” we have said , mazarin was in his closet , putting his affairs in order . had not said a word of love to mercédès ; at the second he reminded her that he loved her . , he waited in vain for his son to come to his apartment with the account of his triumph . kitty , “ for whom have i exposed myself to all that ? ” know where monsieur de beaufort is ? ” the news this evening	111.56434631347656
by a courier . of the matter , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ is that there remains no trace of it . ” terror and sank upon her knees . appeared of a reddish hue , and the flame , brightening before it expired , threw out the last <unk> which in an inanimate object have been so often compared with the convulsions of a human creature in its final agonies . could neither move nor cry out . leave the matter to me , ” returned signor pastrini in a tone <unk> of unbounded <unk> . is not , ” replied athos ; “ that is to say , he is dismissed by one-half of france , but by intrigues and promises he makes the	131.55319213867188
other half sustain him ; you will perceive that this may last a long time . ” ” said monte cristo . in black , with <unk> around his hat , and presented himself at his cousin ’ s with a face made up for the occasion , and which he could alter as might be required . ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ spare me the weight of your displeasure . ’ artagnan ! ” cried the novice , in her turn seizing the hands of milady and devouring her with her eyes . he <unk> “ not die now , after having lived and suffered so long and so much ! ” said danglars ; “ i merely suspend my decision , that is all	71.79759216308594
. ” . ” going— ” said aramis . dantès , if you had command of the _pharaon_ should you be glad to see danglars remain ? ” came . ” , and we have stayed an hour and a half . d ’ artagnan , “ but as he is a thoughtful young man he promised to send four expert workmen in his place to help those already at the scaffold , and wrote the moment he was brought home to master tom <unk> , an assistant carpenter and friend of his , to go down to whitehall , with three of his friends . foot upon the hatchway steps the ship opened like the crater of a volcano . of the <unk> kourchid suddenly appeared ,	134.52474975585938
and selim fell , pierced by five blows . . ” <unk> , ’ tis said , was your <unk> , but you preferred killing him ; ’ tis well ; we , that is , monsieur du vallon and i , could have killed our <unk> preferred taking them . ” he said , after having swallowed the divine preserve . . ” always thought his poetry detestable , and i think i know something about poetry . ” of it now . ” pocket of the officer all the keys it contained and first opened the door of the room in which they were , then shut it and double-locked it , and both he and the duke proceeded rapidly down the gallery which led to	157.3421173095703
the little inclosure . ” said the valet , “ in the same carriage as your majesties ? ” . ” door well ; then we will follow yonder cavalier . ” to avoid dishonor by death ; let me take refuge in martyrdom . , i presume , who placed at my disposal 100,000 francs , which i spent in four or five months ; it was not you who manufactured an italian gentleman for my father ; it was not you who introduced me into the world , and had me invited to a certain dinner at auteuil , which i fancy i am eating at this moment , in company with the most distinguished people in <unk> the rest with a certain procureur , whose	125.86193084716797
acquaintance i did very wrong not to cultivate , for he would have been very useful to me just now ; —it was not you , in fact , who <unk> me for one or two millions , when the fatal discovery of my little secret took place . at the first sound of war . ” occupied the upper step kept his adversaries marvelously in check . cried morrel , groaning with sorrow , “ i love her ! ” , ‘ have you not , madame , put aside some of the surest , deadliest , most speedy poison ? ’ ” with me ? ” said she . convalescence , took leave of m. de la trémouille , returned to his hôtel , and immediately	155.666015625
sent word to the four friends that he awaited their company at dinner . was in love with one of my women . all is settled ; you are to set off , ” said the cardinal . , and even his lips a little . his arms , drew to him the heads of his three friends till they almost touched one another . madame , with the greatest interest , ” said mazarin . to be dead , and have reasons for wishing nobody to know i am living ; so that i shall be obliged to kill you to prevent my secret from <unk> over the fields . ” the executioner . yourself in my path . it is religious , ” replied aramis ;	76.29155731201172
“ it is theology in verse . ” seigneur of the country , might have seduced her , or taken her by force , at his <unk> he was master . o ’ clock . from me ? athos to raoul , “ follow the duchess ; beg her to do you the favor to take your arm in going downstairs , and thank her as you descend . ” ? the letter being given up to him , i would have presented the letter to him with one hand , and with the other i would have run my sword through his body . ” , the deputies , the leaders of the expedition , the officers of buckingham ’ s household , had all made their	84.82403564453125
way into the chamber . d ’ artagnan , abandoning the attempt to burst open the panel after several ineffectual attempts , “ athos , i can not imagine how you can talk to us in that way . precaution indicated , had an interest in not being recognized . aramis , “ beaten by fate ! ” young girl had attracted the attention of the whole house , and even the occupants of the boxes leaned forward to scrutinize her magnificent diamonds . saying that for some time past his son had lived independently of him , that he had his own horses and carriages , and that not having come together , it would not be difficult for them to leave separately . . ” would	145.6085968017578
be useless . ” , d ’ artagnan ! ” the guests returned to paris . ground were scratched the following words : beg of you ; i wait and listen . ” face with a sergeant commanding a <unk> . milady . and you will see if a phantom that accuses is not more terrible than a living being that threatens ! ’ into a train of thought , the character of which was better revealed by a sad smile , than it would have been by tears . such names ; they are names of shepherds . ” of <unk> ’ s <unk> , which he had carefully wound up on the previous night , struck half past five . the count ; “ a felon	94.65638732910156
named <unk> ” danglars turned slightly pale ; andrea reached the anteroom beyond the little drawing-room . , as your father assured me , is almost equal to that of your betrothed . the men in black whom you put to flight . ” <unk> nothing , not to let your countenance betray a thought , and i will send you tidings . ahead , and then followed them , ready to execute the instructions of the noble and elegant minister of charles i . now made his appearance , accompanied by caderousse , effectually confirmed the report , stating that he had recently conversed with m. morrel , who had himself assured him of his intention to dine at la réserve . ” a living in tuscany	193.71914672851562
or piedmont by acting as _facchino_ or _cicerone_ , and i pitied you sincerely , as i would a child of my own . murmured . you ? ” are added notes relative to the prisoners ? ” —by no means , ” said villefort , who was afraid of seeming to abandon his ground . a time . ’ t you return to marseilles with us ? ” me , saying that she knew anne of austria , who was too proud to love such a worthless coxcomb . the abduction of his wife . much , you do not seem to be in such agony as you were before . ” , and a moment later was saluting the baronne danglars , who could not restrain	106.75739288330078
a cry of mingled pleasure and surprise . you tomorrow . drank off a large glass of wine . <unk> , the <unk> <unk> les <unk> , crossed one another in the air . house since i had left it . , ” said the man in a gown , whom he addressed ; “ a plague on ’ t ! well laid ; the plot is clever . that d ’ artagnan employed it quite naturally and instinctively . that is true , my child , ” said the queen , “ you are right . ” well enough to wait for me , and even to remain faithful to my memory . cabriolet , and hastened to the publisher ’ s office . of m. de	79.2194595336914
tréville in practice instantly , d ’ artagnan directed his course toward the rue des fossoyeurs , in order to superintend the <unk> of his valise . in <unk> even in your father . ” fair unknown had resolved , doubtless , to carry the intrigue no farther ; for although the young men made several more turns , they did not again see the calash , which had turned up one of the neighboring streets . mordaunt , in a tone of deep despair , “ my <unk> is sincere . merry companion , my dear d ’ artagnan , ” he said , “ and your witty gascon fancy has not deserted you . , ” said porthos , “ i am recruiting myself . you	95.18077850341797
have used toward me . . ” . looking at grimaud , the duke asked himself if he was not dreaming and if that marble figure was really at his service and would grow animated when the moment came for action . the desolate aspect of the mansion ; descending from the cab , she approached the door with trembling knees , and rang the bell . , my heart is broken , my life a burden , everything around me is sad and mournful ; earth has become distasteful to me , and human voices distract me . fuse burn ? ” asked this person . confess i always thought you jested . ” to mazarin , who answered by an almost imperceptible shake of his head	184.9890899658203
. right , _pardieu ! _ ” to show the cardinal my haste to obey his commands . ” an appearance of respect and even of affection for the king and queen regent , began to be tumultuous . , he invited her to descend by offering her his hand . my cause , and it is ill-luck , obstinacy , and folly which have caused it to be decided against me . ” , i demand it , ” said aramis . said she , when the lackey had gone out , “ everything is ready . and went out , knocking himself against the edge of the door , like <unk> in <unk> . . a point of honor , and it may be for this	83.51808166503906
reason , that you have delayed acknowledging your name . the chapel in order not to lose sight of his man ; and as he had almost forgotten his prayers and had omitted to take a book with him , he made use of his time in gazing at bazin . at eight o ’ clock , in the bois de vincennes , ” said beauchamp , quite disconcerted , not knowing if he was dealing with an <unk> <unk> or a supernatural being . no , i tell you ; one day , if i allow you to live , you will perhaps kill him , as you have the others ! ” even see her if you like , my dear mr. o ’ reilly .	119.13379669189453
, ” replied villefort , after a moment ’ s silence , during which , like a <unk> who encounters a powerful opponent , he took breath ; “ well , sir , really , if , like you , i had nothing else to do , i should seek a more amusing occupation . ” strongest <unk> he could find , stripped off its branches , inserted it in the hole , and used it as a lever . , and no wonder . expect ? growing ; i haven ’ t seen you with so cheerful a face these five years . ” . at my door , and as i am not a gentleman , i may be allowed to lie . ” ” said	107.81343841552734
morrel thoughtfully , “ have heard something like this from an old sailor named penelon . ” that you were the person i was sent to fetch . ” to ascertain if the letter had been opened , or if any indiscreet eyes had seen its contents ; but it was so carefully folded , that no one could have read it , and the seal was perfect . they might be said to be of coral . , and seemed again to experience all the sensations he had felt when the coarse canvas , yet moist with the cold dews of death , had touched his face . us the favor of his company ; you will , i hope , be grateful for it ; porthos	146.0150604248047
, do not lose sight of his eminence . ” ’ s apartment ? ” the avenue of pierrefonds . <unk> danglars— “ so be it . ” wonder at the livid countenance of faria , whose eyes , already dull and sunken , were surrounded by purple circles , while his lips were white as those of a corpse , and his very hair seemed to stand on end . nicely dressed , choice wines , and superb fruit . gout ! ” cried monsieur de bouillon , evidently ill at ease . a woman that is worth the trouble of being sought for when she is once lost . you attribute this conduct ? ” it to two or three of her <unk> , that ,	137.90606689453125
yielding to his vocation , he had retired into a <unk> into which , nobody knew . me . comminges , “ i am the bearer of an order from the king . ” such an <unk> for music ; it is quite ridiculous for a young lady of fashion . ” me . ” large one ? ” inquired cromwell . had fared in their trip . mention one to you . leave the drawing-room at present . ” said porthos , “ when all my expenses are paid , i shall have , at most , thirty crowns left . ” ; but it appears that in prison he made the acquaintance of a rich englishman , and as in prison he fell sick , and	90.07715606689453
dantès took the same care of him as if he had been his brother , the englishman , when he was set free , gave this stone to dantès , who , less fortunate , died , and , in his turn , left it to us , and charged the excellent abbé , who was here this morning , to deliver it . ’ of a treachery ? ” bed , and concealed by a stone fitting in so closely as to defy all suspicion , was a hollow space , and in this space a ladder of cords between twenty-five and thirty feet in length . mechanically looking behind him , and between the figures of two soldiers he could see parry standing up and charles	153.7436981201172
leaning on his elbow with his hands clasped and apparently offering a fervent prayer to god . has told you what he has suffered ; but to suffer for him is happiness . ” am not alluding to you ; you are the pearl of brave , bold men . . ” to you all my life . ” said athos smiling , “ midnight . ” true ! ” ejaculated caderousse , almost suffocated by the contending passions which assailed him , “ the poor old man did die . ” then , throughout the world ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . said before , sir , —very well ; i am ready to marry m. cavalcanti . ” de tréville was asking d ’ artagnan	90.88677215576172
what he could do to serve him , and what caused his visit at so late an hour . ” comprehend ; and yet i may not ask for an explanation , madame , ” replied monte cristo bowing . her as for the two sailing vessels . ” , more , a slight color seemed striving to rise in his pale cheeks . him . ” accompany you . ” time to learn to draw it only when it ought to be used . ” the cardinal , “ arose not only from a feeling of natural <unk> , but likewise from a plan i have marked out with respect to you . ” of trouble , too . ” eye of your eminence , and if	89.05146026611328
i have the good fortune to conduct myself at the siege in such a manner as merits your attention , then i shall at least leave behind me some brilliant action to justify the protection with which you honor me . debray , who was present at the explanation . ” since i saw thee ! ” my dear athos , without inquiring further about our friend , to pay my respects to m. planchet . ” villefort , “ you must lay aside these exalted ideas , which almost assume the appearance of madness . good , you are great , my lord ! ” said haydée , kissing the count ’ s hand , “ and i am very fortunate in belonging to such a master	110.15685272216797
! ” i had previously inquired of dantès what was his opinion of you , and if he should have any reluctance to continue you in your post , for somehow i have perceived a sort of coolness between you . ” ! ” cried morrel . permits me , ” returned the gascon , “ i shall be near him always when there is danger to be encountered . ” , then , of touching him ? ” tréville entered , cool , polite , and in irreproachable costume . with happiness , ” cried d ’ artagnan , throwing himself on his knees , and covering with kisses the hands abandoned to him . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ do not let us lose	70.92945861816406
our time in jesting . ” said franz , hesitating . exclaimed when the door was shut , “ they seem to have the greatest need of me just now . ” of albano , velletri , <unk> , and <unk> . only see ! ” cried the novice ; “ we shall soon be well acquainted , almost friends . your regiment , ” said he ; “ i can foresee that we shall have need of it directly . ” ” i thought the whole thing was a joke , nothing more . go together to luigi vampa , i am sure he would not refuse you albert ’ s freedom . ” fifth year of captivity ; he will ask to speak to you in	81.76167297363281
private , and offer you five millions . ” d ’ artagnan . in our woods chained to trees , ’ said i ; ‘ confess how you obtained this <unk> ’ benedetto maintained the truth of what he had said , and accompanied it with details that did more honor to his imagination than to his veracity . yet of all those who have fallen under your vengeance i was the most guilty . , ” said andrea ; and he placed ten gold louis in the hand of caderousse . i presume , the knife stab in the rue de la <unk> ? ” . ” costume of cucumetto . me , with a thousand roman crowns , which he had in ready money , on	120.16669464111328
condition that i would have anniversary masses said for the repose of his soul , and that i would draw up a genealogical tree and history of his house . does . seated in the vehicle , she drew from her pocket a very thick black veil , which she tied on to her straw bonnet . to-night ? ” asked aramis , glancing toward the west , where the sun had left a single golden cloud , which , dipping into the ocean , appeared by degrees to be extinguished . my tranquillity , or <unk> as philosophers say , proceeded from another source ; it proceeded from a wish , like a submissive and devoted daughter ” ( a slight smile was observable on the purple	222.1048583984375
lips of the young girl ) , “ to practice obedience . ” murmured he , between his teeth . wish for a carriage from now to sunday morning ? ” forges ? ” route . i must add another word of explanation . , ” said mazarin . aramis , “ what do you say to that ? ” as conscientiously as i can , and fulfil my promise to the dying man . dark and mysterious , others noisy and lighted up with torches . , i live among those who are much occupied in them . replied the prince , “ will i permit ? composed the crew , obeyed , while the pilot looked on . the courage of d ’ artagnan , which	92.05485534667969
she knew , and the cardinal in the strength of porthos , which he had experienced . relations i have had the happiness to sustain towards you , can it be that you know me so little as to ask such a thing ? , i beseech your indulgence for him . ” not know ? ” , cucumetto rose , a pistol in each hand . you , for example , that your father had no hand whatever in the defeat and death of the vizier ; or if by chance he had , indeed , the misfortune to—— ” ” subterranean workman , who continued to mine his way . ? ” said the inspector . baron , but the same idea came across me the	106.6176986694336
first time i came here ; it looked so gloomy i should never have bought it if my steward had not taken the matter into his own hands . a man of your standing should be embarrassed anywhere ? ” said monte cristo . <unk> ” having said this , the abbé bowed to imply he wished to pursue his studies . _secrétaire_ , and found the pocket-book in the drawer , and in it the letter of credit . of light which enters by my window , ” said the abbé , “ and then observe the lines traced on the wall . beaufort , who was coming from the vendomois and whom the coadjutor was showing to the parisians , intoxicated with joy . in spite	117.72086334228516
of the injunction given , d ’ artagnan put his horse into a gallop , and in a few strides overtook the carriage ; but the window was hermetically closed , the vision had disappeared . if you please . ” ! ” however , evidences of what we may call the intelligent <unk> of a youth who is charmed with the <unk> , careless life of an only son , and who lives as it were in a gilded cage . at the same time , ‘ you see i thus destroy the only proof existing against you . ’ ” by the impulse of my best feelings produced the same effect as though it had been the result of calculation . , that the king ’	117.2449722290039
s <unk> ” ! faded lip now , but it is a memory dear to my heart , and one that i would not lose for all that the world contains . said d ’ artagnan , planchet ’ s recital <unk> with his own observations . nothing ? ” to himself and that he will continue to be an annoyance . ” scarcely less afraid of monsieur de beaufort than the cardinal himself , and who was almost as superstitious as he was , made him repeat word for word all la ramee ’ s praises of his deputy . the queen to him , thinking he was the leader of the band , “ you wished to see the king and therefore i determined to show	106.23723602294922
him to you myself . and as , in all these evolutions , he did not let fall the lantern , the light showed his pale and altered countenance . he find the description valentine had given of the interior of the house useful to him ; he arrived safely at the top of the staircase , and while he was feeling his way , a sob indicated the direction he was to take . truth , sire , i should yield to such powerful instance ; and on my part , it would be a real happiness to withdraw from public affairs . ” a year ; they are shown to a magistrate , and the evidence is taken . things which have agitated me , therefore	136.03872680664062
i will not speak more fully now . a fee or distribute a project gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement , you must obtain permission in writing from the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , the manager of the project gutenberg™ trademark . raoul and said : joining them is not very attractive to me , i confess . , ” replied franz ; “ i am curious to know what work you were perusing with so much attention as we entered . ” athos , “ our resolution is irrevocable . ” his lordship . ask you , as though you had experienced death , ‘ is it painful to die ? ’ ” to shake	158.8162078857422
cocles ’ belief ; the last month ’ s payment had been made with the most scrupulous exactitude ; cocles had detected an <unk> of fourteen sous in his cash , and the same evening he had brought them to m. morrel , who , with a melancholy smile , threw them into an almost empty drawer , saying : s quite another sort of <unk> formidable gentleman , indeed . into his sleeping-room , and fastened the door inside . thirsty . one who will relieve me of my horse ? ” a powerful dose of brucine or of strychnine , which by some mistake , perhaps , has been given to her . ” seemed to descend , several steps , inhaling the fresh and balmy	187.65538024902344
air , like that which may be supposed to reign around the grotto of circe , formed from such perfumes as set the mind <unk> , and such fires as burn the very senses ; and he saw again all he had seen before his sleep , from sinbad , his singular host , to ali , the mute attendant ; then all seemed to fade away and become confused before his eyes , like the last shadows of the magic lantern before it is extinguished , and he was again in the chamber of statues , lighted only by one of those pale and antique lamps which watch in the dead of the night over the sleep of pleasure . know what is our situation , and	214.21263122558594
whether mazarin ’ s arrest wouldn ’ t be rather an <unk> than an advantage ? ” faria , and have been imprisoned as you know in this château d ’ if since the year 1811 ; previously to which i had been confined for three years in the fortress of fenestrelle . in their hypocritical faces . arrived in paris on the tenth of january and the prince of conti was named , but not until after a stormy discussion , <unk> of the army of the king , out of paris . father ? ” felt the heat of the flames . a plan ? ” monseigneur ! ” said bonacieux , hesitating to take the purse , fearing , doubtless , that this pretended gift	167.97418212890625
was but a pleasantry . well ! ’ returned the old man in a hoarse voice ; ‘ embrace me , my son . ’ d ’ artagnan , and it seemed to him that the moment for attack had arrived . respects and services to you , my lord . ” myself will give you some . ” ago , while you were at monsieur de tréville ’ s . ” t go out so , ” said kitty ; “ you are naked . ” . ” to the large glass gallery , he perceived de winter , who was waiting until the queen had finished her negotiation . that that which he is just now undergoing is hard enough . ” quite the contrary ;	64.73870086669922
but after his illness grace touched him , and he determined to take orders . ” but he had some difficulty in believing . change , <unk> to the change in his dress ; his figure had grown <unk> and , as it were , <unk> . believe something too dreadful . made about that period , and porthos , who had in addition to my lessons taught me some effective tricks of fence , prevailed upon me to solicit the uniform of a musketeer . the slightest inconvenience . ” given him news , which was the next morning confirmed by noirtier . passing in the room which had been so carefully locked . hair ! ” said louise , with regret . young man who was	142.67691040039062
talking with her , and saying a few words to him , pointed with her finger to teresa . be recognized ; and your presence , you must be aware , would compromise the cardinal . ” asked d ’ artagnan . rue coq-héron , no . use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever . head , fixed his eagle look upon that loyal , open , and intelligent countenance , read upon that face , furrowed with tears , all the sufferings its possessor had endured in the course of a month , and reflected for the third or fourth time how much there was in that youth of twenty-one	168.27609252929688
years before him , and what resources his activity , his courage , and his shrewdness might offer to a good master . as you know , or as you do not know , this fatal campaign is to open . the nobility of his countenance , the command of which , like a finished actor , he had carefully studied before the glass , it was by no means easy for him to assume an air of judicial severity . by an hour and a half . of france , i think ? ” , ” replied rochefort . , madame , ” said villefort . her love , her patience , and her devotion , had learned to read in noirtier ’ s look all the	88.92399597167969
varied feelings which were passing in his mind . ’ artagnan ’ s mind the handkerchief which he had found at the feet of mme . without trouble convert these tongs into a hoop and yonder <unk> into a <unk> ? ” ” said the president , “ you have been invited to join this <unk> were not forced here ; it was proposed to you to come <unk> accepted . ? ” said he . no power ; she will be compelled to submit . ’ tis here— ’ tis <unk> sight is <unk> senses fail ! , and order double the bottles ! ” ? ” was my mother . ” he die ? ” asked caderousse in a choking voice . it were that !	101.57109832763672
two young noblemen , richly clad , promised everything they required , and our two cavaliers , after seeing that preparations for the reception were actually begun , started off again and proceeded rapidly toward greney . , and they say she is now coming into port . ” he cried , throwing down his knife ; “ why should i do so ? ” did not concern me , sir ; nevertheless , if you wish it , i am ready to go . ” my lord , to imprison her majesty ’ s musketeers . ” beauchamp , “ surely i am not deceived . ” chapter viii . the traveler , pointing to the table . woman ? ” eat a morsel , during which	119.9821548461914
i shall send for a post horse . ” the doors of the house . ” asked the <unk> . directly . ” letter and read as follows : the matter with your hand , d ’ artagnan ? understand , porthos ? captain , i have a great mind to take away your commission and give it to mademoiselle de <unk> , to whom i promised an abbey . monsieur , ” replied monte cristo ; “ i do not thus betray my enjoyments to the vulgar . again soon ? ” himself on the goat-skin . pavilion faced the street ; three other windows looked into the court , and two at the back into the garden . your heart , the vicomte , for your	70.4548110961914
devoted , friend , needs one thing more to make him happy . ’ ” hat , examined the hole made by the ball , and shook his head . <unk> are served to us on <unk> days . mazarin , “ i do believe he is going off with the diamond ! , strong , and <unk> , like yourself , and will aid you in your escape , while i have been but a <unk> . does not <unk> . ” are come to see me die . it in the <unk> , because i was called away . ” on athos , made a sign to porthos and aramis to keep near them and then placed himself behind the man with the bare arms ,	80.11563110351562
who was still laughing at his own vile pleasantry and receiving the congratulations of several others . charge your purveyor , godeau , to send me some wine ? ” know it. ” the count knit his brows , and remained silent an instant . . which the bandit had been saved by the two young peasants , he had been enamoured of teresa , and had sworn she should be his . my friend , i conjure you ! ” memory , ” said mazarin . and as the romance of don quixote was then the fashion , they said that he was <unk> , who , after having lost one master , had found two . fell ill and died . was heard above his head	147.3024444580078
. , ” said bertuccio . said monte cristo ; “ when the valet de chambre came in just now , he told me of his arrival . ” dantès timidly , “ what is the matter ? ” villefort made no answer , but raised his head at the expiration of a few seconds , and again perused the letter . , and lord de winter , d ’ artagnan , porthos , and aramis walked behind the executioner . said , turning to athos , “ was it not in compassion to my timidity that you told me that this lady was the duchess de chevreuse , and is she not the queen ? ” replied la ramee , “ i think if it depended on	48.99138641357422
the cardinal your wishes would be fulfilled . ” ” said porthos , “ that to twist that damned milady ’ s neck would be a smaller sin than to twist those of these poor devils of huguenots , who have committed no other crime than singing in french the <unk> we sing in latin ? ” had poisoned her second husband ; she had tried to assassinate her brother-in-law ; she had just poisoned a young woman who was her rival , and before leaving england she had , it was believed , caused the favorite of the king to be murdered . ” complain of the <unk> of his rank with his fortune ; and i advised him to <unk> all he had in an annuity	152.26339721679688
. ” i love . morcerf , ” interrupted morrel . happiness is not in store for me ! ” carriage , followed him about a hundred paces behind . seems to have an agreeable style , ” said the messenger , carelessly . doctor , ” said villefort with indescribable joy ; “ i never had a better friend than you. ” and , as if he feared doctor d ’ avrigny would recall his promise , he hurried him towards the house . would never live in it . ” your lodging ; they took him for you . ” , who <unk> my fortune , whom i pay much below their deserts , if i may value them according to what they bring in ;	106.21277618408203
therefore i shall not get into a passion with them ; those with whom i will be in a passion are those who eat my dinners , mount my horses , and exhaust my fortune . ” to be exercised . breaking up the pavement and stretching chains across the streets , when , headed by the coadjutor , appeared the prince de conti ( the brother of the prince de condé ) and the duc de longueville , his brother-in-law . door . , but the president bade them be silent . hammer and hatchet , <unk> of pincers and <unk> of <unk> . dice where they fell , threw the purse to the wounded man , and eagerly opened the pocketbook . after time . ”	156.28973388671875
remain here . franz . the diamond studs , on a bow of the same color as the plumes and the petticoat . peppino of his friend . other , ” said albert ; “ it is <unk> it not ? —that you are to be at no . count ’ s companionship , perceived , or affected to perceive nothing of this <unk> . ; there is but one . ” had kept his promise to the transteverin , and there could now be no doubt that he was the count . them no longer ! ” am named la bruyere , ” remarked d ’ artagnan . arrived at <unk> . ? ” said he . i speak of the prop of the state , of	70.81084442138672
my only servant , of my only <unk> the cardinal . ” the elect , and there , says <unk> <unk> , gave them to eat a certain herb , which transported them to paradise , in the midst of <unk> shrubs , <unk> fruit , and <unk> virgins . that is sufficient . then . only one crime , and i saw her meditating another , i would say ‘ warn her , punish her , let her pass the remainder of her life in a convent , weeping and praying. ’ if she had committed two crimes , i would say , ‘ here , m. de villefort , is a poison that the prisoner is not acquainted with , —one that has no known antidote	146.9895782470703
, quick as thought , rapid as lightning , mortal as the thunderbolt ; give her that poison , recommending her soul to god , and save your honor and your life , for it is yours she aims at ; and i can picture her approaching your pillow with her hypocritical smiles and her sweet <unk> . appeared an age to rochefort , mazarin took from a bundle of papers a letter , and showing it to the count , he said : and the infant was given up to her . to say , boy , to monsieur broussel ? ” in the secretaire in my bedroom . ” in love . cried danglars , with a confidence and security proceeding less from fear than from	181.01654052734375
the interest he really felt for the young man , “ i solemnly declare to you , that i should never have thought of writing to yanina , did i know anything of ali pasha ’ s misfortunes . ” said the duke , “ for your sake i beg of you , never come within the reach of my fist ! ” simple enough , ” replied the host . a man does not arrive at the post i <unk> has not been king ’ s attorney twenty-five years without having amassed a tolerable number of enemies ; mine are numerous . complained to the governor , who replied that i only had what i deserved , and that it would teach me to insult honorable gentlemen	127.82117462158203
who took up their abode in my house . ” s a king it appears he can not dress or undress without assistance . ” something here . father , haydée ? ” and disabled by numerous assailants ; one of them alone arrived at the port , having either killed or wounded those who wished to stop him . impossible ; there was the evidence of the senses , and ten thousand persons who came to <unk> the testimony . he said : at béthune was still younger than you , madame , and yet she is dead , ” said d ’ artagnan . that dreadful cross , but he felt somehow as if it were coming to meet him . ” one of them was	113.29367065429688
saying , “ that if coysel predicted that , ’ tis as good as true ; i know nothing about it , but i have heard say that he ’ s not only an astrologer , but a magician . ” his eyes on his <unk> horace , muttered : he , “ i hear a human <unk> ” edmond had not heard anyone speak save his jailer for four or five years ; and a jailer is no man to a <unk> is a living door , a barrier of flesh and blood adding strength to <unk> of oak and iron . have said , of a small dressing-room , opening into a bedroom , and , when the door of communication was shut , the inmates	166.07676696777344
were quite alone . the governor . ” she heard a voice speaking her name . ” said morrel in a tone impossible to describe , “ do you remain in the antechamber . d ’ artagnan , “ i will be there ten minutes before <unk> ” and he set off running as if the devil possessed him , hoping that he might yet find the stranger , whose slow pace could not have carried him far . he to maximilian , “ you say you loved valentine , that you were betrothed to her . d ’ armilly say to you for robbing her of her pupil ? ” profound meditation , the young man suddenly exclaimed , “ i have found what you were in	97.7762451171875
search of ! ” allow pure air to <unk> the foul atmosphere , and then went on . ! ” cried athos . ’ clock in the morning , and yet this morning had already brought him into disgrace with m. de tréville , who could not fail to think the manner in which d ’ artagnan had left him a little cavalier . the object of universal attention ; the most extraordinary <unk> of ferocious daring and brutality were related of him . . the door , raoul blushed , athos made a sign to aramis , who went and hid himself in the enclosure of a window . if you know who this man is , ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ tell me who	67.31826782226562
he is , and whence he is . me , the queen requires them again . , ” said the viscount , “ will you leave me thus , in such anxiety ? said d ’ artagnan , “ as there is no longer any fear of being overheard , i hope you are going to let me into your secret . ” ” returned monte cristo . he , “ the coach is ready . ” who is his lieutenant ? ” ” there ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , holding out his hand to receive the money . my master , ” said the concierge , shaking his head . note contain ? ” will come , thank god ! and more astonished .	37.52111053466797
, mademoiselle d ’ aubigne , mademoiselle de scudery , mademoiselle paulet , madame de chevreuse . and rochefort together , “ it is you ! ” find them out by accident , but from our notions . at noon in whitehall place to see how things went on . rescue you . ” athos had made a breach in order to get out , and which were composed of <unk> , planks , and empty casks , heaped up according to all the rules of the strategic art , they found , swimming in <unk> of oil and wine , the bones and fragments of all the hams they had eaten ; while a heap of broken bottles filled the whole left-hand corner of the cellar ,	181.9287567138672
and a tun , the <unk> of which was left running , was yielding , by this means , the last drop of its blood . whose eyes were now more accustomed to it , could see the <unk> shore along which the boat was sailing , and then , as they rounded a rocky point , he saw the fire more brilliant than ever , and about it five or six persons seated . aramis gave him a louis d ’ or . . his service . ” you would view all this otherwise . the buttons of his doublet , took it off and deposited it by the side of his hat . a daughter whom i know to be philosophical enough to understand my indifference	131.39657592773438
, and not to <unk> it to me as a crime . ” only fulfil your promise of <unk> peppino , and henceforward you shall receive not only devotion , but the most absolute obedience from myself and those under me that one human being can render to another . ” such haste , and if i were not running after someone , ” said d ’ artagnan . tell me in what convent that woman is ? ” saddled in their stables , are they not ? ” he said , turning to d ’ artagnan . , i hate him ! ” said the young man . by a spirit of disturbance which , i greatly fear , blood alone can <unk> . ” d ’	88.57393646240234
artagnan found a letter from m. de tréville , which informed him that , at his request , the king had promised that he should enter the company of the musketeers . of my refusal , this valor , should a struggle occur , will even go the length of carrying me off in the midst of my court , to deliver me into the hands of the fronde , as you propose to deliver my minister ? ” be shown the count , although he is the prisoner of her majesty the queen . ” her . marseilles harbor , and was standing out to sea rapidly , her sharp prow cleaving through the waves . never cold , you know ! , whatever might happen ,	102.48147583007812
to be observant of his duty to the king , but particularly to the queen , begging him to convey his desires to his comrades . you so sure ? ” it was necessary we should hear ; besides , i don ’ t prevent you from listening , but i must be gone . ” a game of tennis , for example . ” antoine , he turned round to look gaily at the bastille ; but as it was the bastille alone he looked at , he did not observe milady , who , mounted upon a light chestnut horse , designated him with her finger to two ill-looking men who came close up to the ranks to take notice of him . apology for not	110.83843994140625
having met him , pointed to the corpse under the sheet , and began to sob again . is one of my best friends . ” in jest , since it was evident that under existing circumstances d ’ artagnan was the only man who could relieve the queen ’ s uneasiness , bernouin went without hesitation to announce to her this strange embassy ; and as he had foreseen , the queen gave orders to introduce monsieur d ’ artagnan at once . , ” resumed mousqueton , when he had rid himself of planchet , who had in vain tried to clasp his hands behind his friend ’ s fat back , “ now , sir , allow me to leave you , for i could	97.50578308105469
not permit my master to hear of your arrival from any but myself ; he would never forgive me for not having preceded you . ” last struggle . twelve to thirteen hundred thousand francs . ; but , as before , pride prevailed , and a second kick split the door from bottom to top . a hundred thousand francs for such a secret ! ” ” break when athos arose and dressed himself . steward paused . . ” you are punctual , thank you ! ” to me of it , ” replied the shipowner ; “ but if there be any letter he will give it to me . ” my housekeeper on the strength of it . ” your sleep ? ” ,	94.17408752441406
” said aramis . when he married her , had no other patrimony than his noble probity , his first-rate ability , and his spotless reputation , wished to possess as much as his wife . him by darting certain tender glances ; but porthos urged the commands of duty , and the procurator ’ s wife was obliged to give place to the king . mad and try to bite me , i will kill you without pity . ” replied aramis , “ i have in my pocket the very programme of the conditions which the <unk> which i formed <unk> yesterday to saint germain to impose on you . her , took the duke by the hand , and after a few <unk> steps ,	125.45980834960938
grasped a balustrade , put her foot upon the bottom step , and began to ascend the staircase . tréville , “ it was also for your majesty ’ s service that one of my musketeers , who was innocent , has been seized , that he has been placed between two guards like a malefactor , and that this gallant man , who has ten times shed his blood in your majesty ’ s service and is ready to shed it again , has been paraded through the midst of an insolent populace ? ” years ago at palermo , and he was then on the point of setting out for the most remote regions ; so that i fear he will never return . ” get	117.63209533691406
back ? ” understood the old man ’ s meaning . madame , that france , agitated and disturbed as it is , would be a safe retreat for a <unk> king ? ’ s clerk brought him fifty thousand francs in a portfolio about the size of your plate ; yesterday his banker brought him a hundred thousand francs in gold . ” de beaufort ? that , publicly outraged in the face of a whole theatre , in the presence of your friends and those of your <unk> by a boy who will glory in my forgiveness as if it were a <unk> do not suppose that i can for one moment wish to live . , found the lackeys at their posts , placed them	119.61427307128906
as sentinels at all the <unk> of the hôtel , and came to find athos , who had just received this information when his friends returned . said cucumetto , ‘ have you executed your commission ? ’ in the king ’ s room . clock then , if you please ; i should like it early , as i am going into the country tomorrow . ” ” you think of giving your daughter to him ? ” young , and youth is invariably <unk> . whispered to porthos , as they proceeded . give it away or re-use it under the terms of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org . leave the chateau ? ” master ’ s card ,	93.86546325683594
the baron danglars . said porthos , “ i understand ; but now—— ” i see that i must trust unreservedly to you . ” electronically , the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund . has so correctly informed you ? ” asked he ; “ for my paper , which gave the first information on the subject , has been obliged to stop for want of proof ; and yet we are more interested than you in exposing m. de morcerf , as he is a peer of france , and we are of the opposition . ” ” cried the old man , “ you make short	85.96644592285156
work of this kind of affair . now on the right path , ” said the count , crossing his arms over his broad chest ; “ <unk> ! ” pistol shot is easily fired from a carriage which goes at a gallop . ” just picked up . placed <unk> on its base , was the only spot to which they seemed to lead . into the carriage . know d ’ artagnan ’ s courage ; he exposed himself freely to danger and while charging at the head of his company he received a ball through the chest which laid him prostrate on the field of battle . d ’ artagnan , that three days running they have brought us <unk> mutton ? ” , who	114.31478881835938
had never taken his eyes off his companion , passed his hand behind his back , and opened a long spanish knife , which he always carried with him , to be ready in case of need . s energetic and violent temper ; it must be , indeed , a dreadful blow which would deprive him of courage to defend himself . the cardinal declares to the queen that the treasury is empty and that her majesty has no more money . abbé d ’ herblay , ” replied he . scene in which the two captives were confronted with each other . ” cæsar borgia , knew the value of time ; and , in order to avoid fruitless toil , he sounded all the other	115.25247192382812
walls with his pickaxe , struck the earth with the butt of his gun , and finding nothing that appeared suspicious , returned to that part of the wall whence issued the consoling sound he had before heard . count , you are far too indulgent . ” three horses . ” spring backward and drew his sword . you mean ? ” in before i am gone , ” said he ; “ and when i am gone , you can open to him . ” its way towards père-lachaise from the faubourg saint-honoré . , ” said the inspector with an air of fatigue . called delicate ; and the king had reached , in his jealousy of buckingham , the point of not being jealous	105.54317474365234
of anyone else . arms the count <unk> , a short carbine and a pair of double-barrelled pistols , with which as sure an aim might be taken as with a <unk> one . her embarkation for the twenty-third , and it was now the morning of the <unk> . except that his beard has turned gray and his hair is white ; do you know him ? ” asked the host . with supreme disdain . the room in which the musketeers were , and found porthos playing an earnest game of dice with aramis . this hour the headsman has been got out of the way by force or persuasion . understand french , ” and mazarin laid his hand upon guitant ’ s shoulder .	151.00831604003906
replied that , although successful in landing their cargo in safety , they had scarcely done so when they received intelligence that a <unk> had just quitted the port of toulon and was crowding all sail towards them . , ran to the window , put aside the curtain , and saw him pass , cool and collected , by two or three ill-looking men at the corner of the street , who were there , perhaps , to arrest a man with black whiskers , and a blue frock-coat , and hat with broad brim . hold your tongue , madame ! queen ; peace brought her abdication . women , but his eloquence faltered . ’ art ... . <unk> february . ” which she was	199.99925231933594
to have married edmond , ” murmured the priest ; “ there was only a change of <unk> . ” made his disciples keep silence for five years that they might learn to hold their tongues . ” shook his head . on the high road to honors and fortune . of the dining room <unk> with a creak , and porthos perceived through the half-open <unk> the little clerk who , not being allowed to take part in the feast , ate his dry bread in the passage with the double odor of the dining room and kitchen . perhaps , my dear aramis , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ for by what i see , i am led to believe that you are confessing	115.68331146240234
to these gentlemen . ” do not let us get angry , or at least not yet . ; be easy . ” that his <unk> stands in need of being enlivened by a mixture of good wine . ” <unk> , the gate opened , and he then found himself in a little garden , about twenty feet long by twelve wide , bounded on one side by part of the hedge , which contained the ingenious contrivance we have called a gate , and on the other by the old tower , covered with <unk> and studded with <unk> . athos , “ you went to breakfast the day before yesterday at the inn of the parpaillot , i believe ? ” chapter xlviii . .	103.90752410888672
” of all this ? ” said athos , in a low tone to d ’ artagnan , after explaining to him in french what the sailor had said in english . gentlemen , ” said he , “ for having complied with my request ; i feel extremely grateful for this mark of <unk> ” morrel had stepped back as morcerf approached , and remained at a short distance . could not draw <unk> signed ; but scarcely had she done so when pride burst forth and she began to weep . by albert ’ s ring of the bell . any use of me , he would have taken me with him ; he leaves me in paris , as our separation will <unk> to his	92.85731506347656
benefit ; <unk> he has gone , and i am free forever , ” added madame danglars , in the same supplicating tone . the entertainments of the fashionable world are <unk> of flowers which attract inconstant <unk> , famished bees , and buzzing <unk> . , ” said a soldier , less <unk> than his chief , and who had approached milady , “ this woman is not asleep . ” , so necessary ? ” . the seat morcerf offered him , placed himself in such a manner as to remain concealed in the shadow of the large velvet curtains , and read on the careworn and livid features of the count a whole history of secret griefs written in each <unk> time had planted there	156.85557556152344
. of the salon was another portrait . hitherto unknown arising in his mind . inform him of your arrival . ” gentleman , ” resumed the old man , upon whom this mute despair certainly produced a greater effect than cries and tears would have done , “ do not take on so ; they did not kill her , and that ’ s a comfort . ” had <unk> <unk> to gain this point , was not at more than three paces from it . cried the affrighted mme . but instead of going to her apartment she hastened to consult emmanuel . press the count ’ s hand , but his own was immovable . said madame de villefort , who had just entered the	109.12442016601562
room , “ perhaps you exaggerate the evil . ” his head ; his brow slightly contracted like that of a man who has formed a resolution ; he fixed his eyes upon an enormous clock that was about to strike ten , and taking up a whistle of silver gilt that stood upon the table near him , he <unk> it twice . the jesuit , a little put out , while the curate , greatly delighted , turned upon d ’ artagnan a look full of gratitude . learned in cases of conscience , and we will tell him ours . ” of death , five or six times , against the <unk> of political conspiracies , and who can say how many daggers may be	122.90806579589844
ready sharpened , and only waiting a favorable opportunity to be buried in my heart ? ” tongue against his teeth informed athos of the gascon ’ s uneasiness . last sound of her dress brushing the branches , and of her footstep on the gravel , then raised his eyes with an ineffable smile of <unk> to heaven for being permitted to be thus loved , and then also disappeared . travels rapidly , and when at tréport , i felt the electric shock ; you have either been working for me or thinking of me . ” ? ” said the queen to aramis . , and in the midst of the terrifying silence which usually follows a clap of thunder , they heard a knocking	157.01332092285156
at the door . shot rarely hits his man , for he fires with the apprehension of being disarmed , before an armed foe ; then , whilst he fires , make your horse rear ; that manoeuvre has saved my life several times . ” great honor , ” said the leader of the posse , “ and i accept <unk> . ” ! ” cried the procurator ’ s wife . received dantès on board with a certain degree of distrust . killed , one of you must take it , and continue the route ; if he be killed , it will be another ’ s turn , and so <unk> a single one arrives , that is all that is required . ” this	128.42477416992188
adventure had happened during his absence at auteuil , and that he only knew what was related by the abbé busoni , who that evening , by mere chance , had requested to pass the night in his house , to examine some valuable books in his library . very like a grimace , and then turned round to monte cristo , as if to ask him to extricate him from his embarrassment . outburst of sarcasm . , we will not forget you ; make your mind easy . to the point ? ” cried the baroness , shivering with anger and impatience . day received a letter , stating that the <unk> of his son now offered to restore him , or at least to give	112.81658172607422
notice where he might be found , on condition of receiving a large sum of money , by way of ransom . easy enough , ” answered porthos . the first gendarme andrea had noticed walked upstairs , preceded by the commissary of police , and supported by the second gendarme who guarded the staircase and was himself <unk> by the one stationed at the door . only cost you a discount of 5,000 or 6,000 francs . ” the opinion of comminges , who withdrew somewhat reassured . . ” easy for you to say , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ for you , athos , who live like a dumb man with grimaud , who forbid him to speak , and consequently never exchange	112.12507629394531
ill words with him ; for you , porthos , who carry matters in such a magnificent style , and are a god to your valet , mousqueton ; and for you , aramis , who , always abstracted by your theological studies , inspire your servant , bazin , a mild , religious man , with a profound respect ; but for me , who am without any settled means and without <unk> me , who am neither a musketeer nor even a guardsman , what am i to do to inspire either the affection , the terror , or the respect in planchet ? ” had left the castle an hour before on horseback . over villefort during the examination , the destruction of the letter	182.51222229003906
, the exacted promise , the almost supplicating tones of the magistrate , who seemed rather to implore mercy than to pronounce punishment , —all returned with a <unk> force to his memory . verses upon that subject ? fellow , ” returned the young man , seating himself on the divan ; “ reassure yourself ; we are tottering always , but we never fall , and i begin to believe that we shall pass into a state of immobility , and then the affairs of the peninsula will completely <unk> us . ” would suffice for him , and he sprang forward like a dart between them . courage and resolution , for he exposed his own life to stop the horses that were running away	183.08201599121094
with us , and would certainly have dashed the carriage to pieces . sides . ” valentine , and i will tell you all about it . the company of m. dessessart ought to be his passport . mordaunt , whose face was lighted by a savage joy as cromwell spoke : fellow , you understand one must never be eccentric . in that case , my <unk> know that i am very bold to offer advice to your <unk> advice is that the king should not leave his kingdom . . ” milady , after a moment of silence , “ from the present time , cease to talk of impossibilities . ” pardon , but this is quite a french demand ; for the next week	109.05741882324219
you will not find a single tailor who would consent to sew six buttons on a waistcoat if you paid him a crown a piece for each button . ” characters of those with whom he was going to fight , and began to view his situation more clearly . ! in his <unk> of the cardinal and that of the queen ; that of the cardinal <unk> enormously . should wish to keep my illusions concerning insects <unk> ; it is quite enough to have those dissipated which i had formed of my fellow-creatures . lost , if by the least gesture you discover that you recognize him . ” pass hours either in her oratory or in her room , without either reading or praying .	186.2931671142578
extinct in the body of his friend , then , taking up the knife , he with difficulty forced open the closely fixed jaws , carefully administered the appointed number of drops , and anxiously awaited the result . wine for you that was in this glass ? ” promised not to wake . not him to thank ; <unk> be <unk> will erect an altar <unk> <unk> . ” violent crash was heard , and cries of distress . , but they were <unk> to the wood , and it would have required a <unk> to take them off . neither seen nor heard anything . ” and the best proof of it is , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that he has dispatched us	125.22396850585938
to meet the duc de vendome , his father , who is coming in his turn . ” wine is beyond all price near rome . ” , <unk> , that is the word , ” said porthos ; “ for the animal was worth at least a hundred and fifty louis , and the stingy fellow would only give me eighty . ” ghosts , and i have never heard it said that so much harm had been done by the dead during six thousand years as is wrought by the living in a single day . own crime had alone been presented to his mind ; now another object , not less terrible , suddenly presented itself . irresistible reality , and by one of the	121.179931640625
incomprehensible transports of youth , he bounded from his hiding-place , and with two strides , at the risk of being seen , at the risk of alarming valentine , at the risk of being discovered by some exclamation which might escape the young girl , he crossed the flower-garden , which by the light of the moon resembled a large white lake , and having passed the rows of <unk> which extended in front of the house , he reached the step , ran quickly up and pushed the door , which opened without offering any resistance . still retained that vacancy of expression which prevented his son from obtaining any knowledge of the feelings which were passing in his mind ; he listened , nothing more	157.23756408691406
. , bragelonne had much more to hear than to tell . play the part of heroes ; the choice is easy . ” words when the sound of the bell was heard , the well-known signal given by the porter that a visitor had arrived . too much respect the laws of hospitality to ask your name or title . a narrow pass , they perceived that the road was partially barricaded by an enormous stone . way of boulogne to clear the way ; athos will set out two hours after , by that of amiens ; aramis will follow us by that of noyon ; as to d ’ artagnan , he will go by what route he thinks is best , in planchet ’	175.3683624267578
s clothes , while planchet will follow us like d ’ artagnan , in the uniform of the guards . ” m. de tréville a long history about the queen . at the bare idea . a number of idlers round the door of signor pastrini ’ s ; the descendants of marius and the gracchi were also not wanting . his rounds at dantès ’ cell , and on leaving him he went on to faria ’ s dungeon , taking thither breakfast and some linen . on the interest of the danglars to hush up the rumor of their own misadventures . of no importance , ” continued d ’ artagnan , with natural assurance ; “ it ’ s of no importance . , 1998	151.56631469726562
[ ebook # <unk> ] most recently updated : october 14 , 2022 language : english we had ours ; we didn ’ t exchange them . marseilles , ’ said dantès , —for you understand , i repeat his words just as he uttered them . only the seat of vague ideas , and confused forms , mingled with strange fancies , alone presented themselves before her eyes . ” said the young man , “ for rejoicing at happiness derived from the misery of others , but , heaven knows , i did not seek this good fortune ; it has happened , and i really can not pretend to lament it . soldier of rocroy , my lord . ” what you have to say	230.77218627929688
, ” said d ’ artagnan : “ _my lord , your sister-in-law is an infamous woman , who wished to have you killed that she might inherit your wealth ; but she could not marry your brother , being already married in france , and having <unk> ” d ’ artagnan stopped , as if seeking for the word , and looked at athos . please , till i have finished speaking , ” replied monte cristo . andrea had placed him on a different footing , and he hoped this visit had another cause than that he had at first supposed . see whether they are quite dead , or if they can still be helped , ” suggested raoul . and passed his arm through	109.7274398803711
the opening . without fear of <unk> your excellency . ” a small <unk> where ? what i feared ! ” said morrel . ” said anne of austria , “ people will laugh . ” at his friend with an earnestness that embarrassed him . and shall be there as soon as you are . ” billet . his horse , threw the bridle to planchet , and departed at a quick pace , folding his cloak around him . ! , ” continued the jesuit , without allowing him time to speak , “ that we ought to regret the world when we offer ourselves to god ? give you any <unk> ” dantès , trained in discipline , knew that nothing would be more absurd	92.1590805053711
than to question subordinates , who were forbidden to reply ; and so he remained silent . will come with me then , maximilian ? ” sort of intoxication is not dangerous , and will have no bad effects . ” up and to have a stove in the stable , the arabian finds himself unable to bear ten degrees of cold in arabia . ” of “ live the musketeers ! the trenches we go cheerfully to expose ourselves to worse than <unk> a bullet may break a leg , and i am convinced a surgeon would give us more pain in cutting off a thigh than an executioner in cutting off a head . goes under , then the other . s nothing bad in that	248.06869506835938
, it seems to me , ” said porthos . should evince our resignation to the will of heaven ; on the contrary , we are all free agents . ” a stranger , a foreigner , for news . ” diavolaccio , ’ said he calmly , and he drank it off , without his hand trembling in the least . villefort ; “ no , no , madame , there is no such thing as chance . ” , ” he said , “ monsieur le chevalier d ’ artagnan , lieutenant of his majesty ’ s musketeers , a devoted friend and one of the most excellent , brave gentlemen that i have ever known . ” said d ’ artagnan , with an astonishment	65.24675750732422
which this time was not pretended . soup , the black feet of the fowl , and the only mutton bone on which there was the least appearance of meat . , it must be understood that m. noirtier , who never cared for the opinion of his son on any subject , had always omitted to explain the affair to villefort , so that he had all his life entertained the belief that general de quesnel , or the baron d ’ épinay , as he was alternately styled , according as the speaker wished to identify him by his own family name , or by the title which had been conferred on him , fell the victim of assassination , and not that he was killed	130.00225830078125
fairly in a duel . porthos , “ what a fearful day , my dear d ’ artagnan ! ” about ? ’ said caderousse . forgotten the night in which you served me as an escort to the red dovecot . he , extending his hand to monte cristo , “ i suppose you have come to sympathize with me , for indeed misfortune has taken possession of my house . , <unk> ” julie wished to accompany him . cannon so near that it was evident they were within a league of the field of battle , and at a turn of the road they perceived the little village of aunay . <unk> before the prisoner arrived . that i can speak positively , your eminence	82.51660919189453
; for as he came in i remarked that it was but half past nine by the clock , although i had believed it to be later . ” the highest nobility . you and the count and countess of morcerf to this dinner , i should give it the appearance of being a matrimonial meeting , or at least madame de morcerf would look upon the affair in that light , especially if baron danglars did me the honor to bring his daughter . ? , —my passion , my joy , my delight , —it is for thee to alleviate my sorrows ! ” and he convulsively grasped the hand of d ’ avrigny . my doing so , sir , ” said baptistin . made	114.74797821044922
, albert , they should be promptly executed . thing , but he is not dead . ” , ’ said luigi . thought he saw the general make an attempt to remove the handkerchief , and reminded him of his oath . d ’ artagnan , “ don ’ t call him porthos , nor even vallon ; call him de bracieux or de pierrefonds ; thou wilt knell out damnation to my mission otherwise . ” m. de tréville thought it best to be first in making the complaint . today . ” and energy on the almost <unk> hospitality he had received from the count , and the magnificence of his entertainment in the grotto of the _thousand and one nights_ . this is very	146.33924865722656
<unk> <unk> allow ; but , as i am very hungry , pray allow me to eat . himself ; ” and m. dandré , announced by the <unk> , entered . likes with the duke ; i care no more about him than an empty <unk> ” and athos threw fifteen paces from him an empty bottle from which he had poured the last drop into his glass . himself by the side of d ’ artagnan , leaving the place free for another accuser . replaced by another functionary , and danglars , wishing to catch sight of his new guardian , approached the door again . short time ; it was evident that he was <unk> over this answer , which did not seem very	134.99575805664062
clear . gondy , “ she is going to yield . ” , sir , as our place of meeting , in order to avoid the disagreeable impressions and influences of a banker ’ s study . false report , or you have gone mad . ” , ” said albert , “ i will return , and woe to the infamous wretch ! but m. de tréville launched it with knowledge of his cause . said d ’ artagnan , fixing his eyes , in spite of himself , on the queen ’ s diamond , which mazarin wore on his finger . the island of elba , my brother instantly joined the army , was slightly wounded at waterloo , and retired with the army beyond	72.22103118896484
the loire . ” plainly enough we are going to the bastion . ” <unk> and <unk> . small staff . said la ramee , “ if you will take a bit of good advice , don ’ t put that off till you are old . ” second means , and lifted the assassin onto his shoulders at the moment the enemy fired . be severe with him , he is really <unk> bright . ” interview with the cardinal , and said , for the third time drawing his commission from his pocket , “ you , our friend , our intelligence , our invisible protector , accept this commission . of these six men , traveling in silence , each plunged in his own thoughts	117.51643371582031
, sad as despair , gloomy as chastisement . he had finished . , athos procures his equipment ” replied the cardinal . about it ? ” replied eugénie with an almost masculine voice . may be relied on . ” fell , and the spectators poured forth from the theatre into the <unk> and salon . least , that he has wanted for nothing during your absence . ” especial pattern , which monte cristo had had made for target practice in his own room . by a melancholy smile . andrea proposed making money of his diamonds ; and by uniting the proceeds to ten bank-notes he always carried about with him in case of accident , he would then find himself possessor of about 50,000	153.0668487548828
livres , which he philosophically considered as no very deplorable condition after all . d ’ artagnan , whose ears <unk> terribly under the repetition of this word <unk> . and was about to contradict the baroness upon this latter point , when the door opened suddenly . you ? ” he bolted them both . beauchamp ; “ i saw it in the paper . i remained for fourteen years within a quarter of a league of you , in a dungeon in the château d ’ if . ! ” to notice that he is watching us . ” my faith ! ” have no share in this affair ; and happily so , for instead of the invisible , <unk> agent of celestial rewards and	116.06721496582031
<unk> , i shall find one both <unk> and visible , on whom i shall revenge myself , i assure you , for all i have suffered during the last month . my monthly allowance to five hundred francs , my little fellow ? ; athos and aramis . monsieur cardinal , ” said the king , “ and you were right , as you always are ; but the queen , not the less , deserves all my anger . ” know about such things . ” two friends found a letter from athos , who desired them to meet him at the grand charlemagne on the following day . it touched the stone , then clutching the grating with both hands , he murmured : not	93.15498352050781
to study , but to reflect ; and with the door locked and orders given that he should not be disturbed excepting for important business , he sat down in his armchair and began to ponder over the events , the remembrance of which had during the last eight days filled his mind with so many gloomy thoughts and bitter recollections . off at the moment i had that unfortunate difference with the gentleman you speak of . ” probably , that there was one more guilty than i . ” answered porthos , “ seem to me agitated . ” have forgotten monsieur grimaud . ” same with hashish ; only eat for a week , and nothing in the world will seem to you to equal	147.05316162109375
the delicacy of its flavor , which now appears to you flat and distasteful . with all my heart , monseigneur ; be assured of that . ” said villefort , pressing her hand , “ it was too severe for your strength , for you were twice overwhelmed , and yet—— ” you if you had received any news of monsieur franz . ” was heard , and the man dropped like an ox on his face , and then turned over on his back . placing his hand upon his hip . , madame , ” said the officer , leaving the entrance open , and drawing himself up in an attitude of respect . ! ” resumed athos ; “ a wintry blast . the	72.95536804199219
rue de vaugirard , no . two gendarmes gently pushed him forward , and the door closed with a loud sound behind him . the abbé , “ i would speak to you of a large sum , amounting to five millions . ” , come on saturday ? ” m. cavalcanti , and i get the three millions , or even if it is thought i am going to get them , my credit will be restored , and my fortune , which for the last month or two has been swallowed up in <unk> which have been opened in my path by an inconceivable fatality , will revive . take leave of m. de villefort , “ when shall i see you again ? ” said	103.24742889404297
the latter . bought for less ; but while d ’ artagnan was discussing the price with the dealer , athos was counting out the money on the table . out ; depend upon it the custom-house people went rummaging about the ship in our absence , and discovered poor dantès ’ hidden treasures . ” presence destroyed the fatal letter , the only proof against him ? ” , also , was empty , but the third which he tried was , from the dull sound it gave out , evidently full . ” the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate . ’ replied the jeweller , ‘ it must be getting late , and i must return to <unk> wife will be getting	213.72238159179688
<unk> ’ he drew out his watch , and exclaimed , ‘ _morbleu ! _ nearly nine o ’ <unk> , i shall not get back to beaucaire before midnight ! ’ time , ” said albert , “ you will be at my house ? ” then told me an <unk> , ” said he , “ when , after his journey in france , in 1829 , he sent you to me , with a letter of recommendation , in which he enumerated all your valuable qualities . baton of the marechal de la meilleraie , who does not seem to be much in favor just now . ” ) and went to salute the coadjutor and the duc de beaufort . or porthos ? ”	81.59011840820312
! ” on the ground floor where these gentlemen can wait near a good fire ? ” said the cardinal . fear , sir , ” said mordaunt , with apparent simplicity : “ it will not ruin you . ” raoul , as he turned to leave the room , “ i have thought of one thing , and that is about the duchess of chevreuse , who was so kind to me and to whom i owe my introduction to the prince . ” am sure of it , ” continued the host . little frequented , but of which the host is entirely devoted to me . deign to receive him ? ” ” replied monte cristo ; “ i do not carry <unk> so	52.103023529052734
far . to the end of the world , athos , if she recognizes you . his legs sank under him , and he would have fallen had not florentin supported him . the voice which indicated the real presence of a being in the room , alarmed her so much that she feared to utter a syllable ; still the expression of her eyes seemed to inquire , “ if your intentions are pure , why are you here ? ” the count ’ s marvellous sagacity understood all that was passing in the young girl ’ s mind . , d ’ artagnan waited half an hour without the least impatience , his eyes fixed upon that charming little abode of which he could perceive a	104.41671752929688
part of the ceiling with its gilded moldings , <unk> the elegance of the rest of the apartment . believe it ? said she , “ it is very droll , and that mad marie michon fared better than she expected . gold , money , heavy as a world , which i had raised , and i had thought to bear to the end , was too great for my strength , and i was compelled to lay it down in the middle of my career . young people are such <unk> . ” madame , ” stammered the young girl . all , you must admit that this count of monte cristo is a most singular personage . ” be , then , as you have	82.61929321289062
said , monsieur d ’ artagnan ; we shall see each other again after the campaign . , count , ” exclaimed albert , delighted at the idea of having to <unk> so distinguished a person as monte cristo ; “ tell me truly whether you are in earnest , or if this project of visiting paris is merely one of the chimerical and uncertain air castles of which we make so many in the course of our lives , but which , like a house built on the sand , is liable to be blown over by the first <unk> of wind ? ” the <unk> of the roasted meat , when the captain returned with a mysterious air . the latter with apparent coolness , but	136.53892517089844
with deep emotion , “ have you another invalid ? ” matter . i at liberty to retire ? ” said the general . a hundred <unk> , yes , die ! ” , and covered with one of those thick , <unk> skins through which the teeth can not penetrate with all their efforts . you could arrest the progress of two horses rushing forwards with ungovernable fury ? ” , very far , and perhaps the commission with which you charge me is not without dangers ? ” breakfasting , with the appetites of <unk> and with that brotherly cordiality which <unk> men in misfortune , d ’ artagnan related how aramis , being wounded , was obliged to stop at crèvecœur , how he had	145.41488647460938
left athos fighting at amiens with four men who accused him of being a <unk> , and how he , d ’ artagnan , had been forced to run the comtes de wardes through the body in order to reach england . , my lord . to the servants , when i want to transact business with you alone . ” anything , ’ says the proverb . ” , now at malta ? ” much frankness , created admiration , but did not entirely remove his suspicions . —noirtier the senator ? ” the duke . sees her . ” i received a <unk> upon my head . ” ’ artagnan . mercédès , and saw why her noble heart had not opposed the sacrifice she knew	114.98262023925781
beforehand would be useless . for a repetition ; she ran to her husband , who immediately hastened to his agent , and ordered him to sell at any price . porthos ; “ my air is excellent . ” the king , “ give the word and let us start . ” you would do in her place , ” mazarin hastened to reply . while he read this long and painful letter , and saw him , notwithstanding his self-control , change color once or twice . will be extremely welcome . ” that can not be said before all . ” , do you see , there is the anteroom and the drawing-room ; to the right of the drawing-room , a library and a	98.96224975585938
study ; to the left , a bedroom and a dressing-room . that m. and madame de villefort were beginning to speak in parables , appeared to pay no attention to the conversation , and feigned to be busily engaged in watching edward , who was <unk> pouring some ink into the bird ’ s <unk> . time ; we shall return to them , unless mazarin <unk> them to the ground . ” the queen , “ i can send for them to the louvre , where they are , and thus your majesty ’ s wishes will be complied with . ” go to greenwich and ask for the captain of the felucca lightning . cried mordaunt . he took some sea water and <unk> it	105.75279235839844
over her face . prisoner was henceforth to eat nothing that had not previously been tasted , and la ramee was in consequence placed near him as <unk> . pronouncing these latter words , accompanied them with one of those ghastly smiles that used to strike terror into poor franz d ’ épinay . twenty years previously had persecuted her so ruthlessly , stood before her , relating how his carriage had been <unk> , how he had been pursued and had rushed into the hotel d ’ o—— , that the hotel was immediately invaded , pillaged and <unk> ; happily he had time to reach a closet hidden behind tapestry , in which he was secreted by an old woman , together with his brother ,	260.1234436035156
the bishop of meaux . did , my lord . which led to the boat . danglars . each <unk> object is a title ; mine , money . almost conical form , which looks as though it had been thrust up by <unk> force from the depth to the surface of the ocean . place of rendezvous , ” continued athos , “ and in a last interview arrange our mutual position and the conduct we are to maintain toward each other . ” said . in my onward career , before i have attained the goal at which i aim , for all the rest i have reduced to mathematical terms . ” do they not ? ” ? ” asked the young man . .	133.43771362304688
first floor ? ” low whistling sound , the sign of alarm well known to the lackeys in the days of their youth , resumed his place at the table and made a sign to blaisois to follow his example . inn , in which was consumed a liqueur which <unk> its reputation to our time and which is still made in that town . , is the noise ? ” besides , i am the person punished , as that <unk> <unk> has robbed me of fifty louis , at least . me , for these are things which a king can not say for himself . ” <unk> ” he said ; “ here is your sword . ” and find them . ” to make	95.05477905273438
one remark ? ” do as i have directed you , then . ” , ” interrupted athos ; “ well commenced ! resource . messenger is welcome . with his sword , cut in two the poor wretch who had laughed . danglars , “ are you speaking seriously ? ” , if you <unk> , if you get drunk , you risk your master ’ s head , who has so much confidence in your fidelity , and who answers for you . you must give me your word to return immediately to your hotel , and make no attempt to follow this man tonight . such a beast was worth at least twenty livres ; and the words which had accompanied the present were above	96.2049789428711
all price . ! _ for shame ! put his hand to his sword . , be assured ; and as every inconvenience deserves its <unk> , here is , in addition to the price of the studs , an order for a thousand pistoles , to make you forget the annoyance i cause you . ” and left the chamber . read in mazarin ’ s face the occasion of this unexpected visit , since the cardinal usually came to her apartment only after every one had retired . not heard , for if they are it is more than probable i should be removed to another part of the prison , and we be separated forever . that he was nearly unconscious . , ” replied	115.20769500732422
porthos ; “ but i am used to him , and besides , he wouldn ’ t be willing to let me go without him , he loves me so much . ” five vessels , and suffered by three or four bankruptcies ; but it is not for me , although i am a creditor myself to the amount of ten thousand francs , to give any information as to the state of his <unk> . letter and read as follows : rest by double the length of his horse . a secret from grandpapa noirtier , that the contract is to be signed this evening . ” , armed with their swords , and athos and aramis , each carrying a concealed poniard , approached the	99.06546020507812
house which for the time being was charles stuart ’ s prison . bosom , she took her son ’ s arm , and with a firmer step than she even herself expected she went downstairs . consent . ” him and looked over his shoulder to see what sort of a book it was that had so singular an influence over the prisoner as to make him put off taking his dinner . a promptness which showed the degree of consideration d ’ artagnan enjoyed in the establishment . mazarin , who was in great confusion , to the astonished gaze of aramis . ” said porthos , “ to recall where i had seen that mendicant whom i must have killed . ” am i ?	142.93165588378906
” . ” second day m. de villefort received the following note : questioned her . past been recalled ? ” cried villefort ; “ how is it that it has escaped from the depths of the tomb and the recesses of our hearts , where it was buried , to visit us now , like a phantom , <unk> our cheeks and flushing our brows with shame ? ” may be made with the worst intentions in the world ; but the voice was all . he had just received put the finishing stroke to the wonder and stupefaction of m. baptistin . danglars . monsieur , ” she said with a rattling noise which seemed to tear her throat . so , and as i had	108.22967529296875
my boat and a lading to take in at sea , everything favored my project . less forward than they , did likewise , and all ran out , in order to repair to their posts . as marble and proud like his father . , after having created the world and <unk> chaos , had paused in the work to spare an angel the tears that might one day flow for mortal sins from her <unk> eyes ; suppose that when everything was in readiness and the moment had come for god to look upon his work and see that it was <unk> he had <unk> out the sun and tossed the world back into eternal <unk> then , mercédès , you could not imagine what i	244.4050750732422
lose in sacrificing my life at this moment . ” safe and sound , continued his way toward the camp . answered the brave man , “ to let the king know that they have not killed me outright . last , thank heaven ! growing discontented , you are no longer happy ; you , who only wish to live like a retired baker . ” had been on the previous evening , and waved his pocket-handkerchief to his guest in token of adieu . again <unk> a meaning look . , that when the circumstance surprised me in the midst of a family festival , on the very day of my betrothal , i left my bride and friends , <unk> everything , that i might	129.05990600585938
hasten to lay at your majesty ’ s feet the fears which impressed me , and the assurance of my devotion . ” ” send him to paris . ” of the pasha of yanina , do you not ? ” him , and was not mistaken . that he is about to transport his prisoners to melun , since rueil seemed to him not sufficiently secure . you please . ” head sink pensively upon her bosom . ” replied he , “ i perceive that plainly ; but do you really believe it is she ? ” , ” said morrel . with a pretty little girl for this evening , and do not wish to be known ; lend me your livery till tomorrow .	75.06379699707031
during these jokes which were intended chiefly to divert athos from the scene which had just taken place , the servants , with the exception of grimaud , were not silent . will read it again . ” ” resumed de winter , stopping at the threshold of the door , “ you must not , milady , let this check take away your appetite . , then , and come to me first . ” why you deceived me ? ” very charitable man . depths of the inner cavern . him , when the carriage was on its way , and the feet of the horses struck a shower of sparks from the pavement . his spare little short arms , ridiculous gestures . killed him	114.30988311767578
. ” were ordained that this man should be associated with all the good which the future may have in store for me , and sometimes it really seems as if his eye was able to see what was to come , and his hand endowed with the power of directing events according to his own will . ” wretch ! ” cried aramis , throwing his <unk> in his face . said the commissary , looking at the accused as if his little eyes had the faculty of reading to the very depths of hearts , “ you have a wife ? ” diverted from this fancy . but go on . ” ever make use of the details i am about to give you , that	95.28499603271484
you will never let anyone know that it was i who supplied them ; for the persons of whom i am about to talk are rich and powerful , and if they only laid the tips of their fingers on me , i should break to pieces like glass . ” be there ? ” was the most simple thing in the world . said the novice ; “ we must trust in heaven . . lackey ought never to disobey , ” said d ’ artagnan , sternly ; then taking him aside , he whispered to him : “ thou hast done right ; thy master was in the wrong ; here ’ s a crown for thee , but should he ever be insulted and	126.7942886352539
thou dost not let thyself be cut in quarters for him , i will cut out thy tongue . fear , uttered a shriek on reading the first line , and seized the paper . ago , passing miraculously through the puritan army , and i took post horses with my servant tony ; the horses upon which we were mounted were bought in paris . ’ s sake , ” said she , “ you will live , will you not ? ” are the most polished man in the world . me ? ” <unk> and that is , that our grooms should not keep us waiting . ” ” said d ’ arminges , “ it is the common lot ; even an executioner is	124.46709442138672
not exempted . great deal , sir ? ” said franz inquiringly . if the king ’ s troops remained quietly in their camp , it was evident that some day or other , buckingham , who only continued in the isle from obstinacy , would be obliged to raise the siege . ” asked porthos . his servants danglars assumed the character of the good-natured man and the indulgent father . that such a great princess became a slave ? ” without having any other influence on me than to strengthen the resolution i had formed ; only i took care that my face should not betray the thoughts of my heart , for i had no doubt i was watched . . ” said d ’	123.47787475585938
avrigny , struck with a sudden thought , “ has it occurred to you ” —noirtier did not let him finish . arranged beforehand ? ” done ? ” asked franz . every movement of the jeweller , who , after making the best arrangements in his power for passing a comfortable night , threw himself on his bed , and i could hear it creak and groan beneath his weight . his carriage , and was immediately driven to the bank . ” his island of monte cristo twenty times , but not once had he found an opportunity of landing there . which meant that he knew no more than aramis about it . return to the service , mouston , ” replied porthos , still	118.46021270751953
trying to restore his mustache to the military curl it had long lost . then . ? ” stammered d ’ artagnan . you , sir , ” said the baroness , trying to disguise the agitation of her voice and the flush of her face . see that at all , ” answered porthos . ancre was no more than the maréchale d ’ ancre . , ” said monte cristo . courage , then , for never have you required it more . ” understood that we should not talk of that until tomorrow . ” the only means . do you wish for ? ” ” course , that when we say “ the queen , ” mazarin is meant . ? ” said the	58.03263854980469
<unk> “ ate dormice ? ” bandits are the shepherds who live between the city and the mountains , between civilized and savage life . caderousse . my companion ’ s name . one to instruct us about the physical and moral <unk> of this castle . and entered the rue saint christophe . , as you see ; if you hear anything of monsieur voiture , be so kind as to send me word to-morrow . ” know , ” said de guiche , haughtily . , valentine ? ” ! ” was the cry in every direction ; the young monarch gravely put his head out of the window , looked sufficiently grateful and even bowed ; at which the cries of the multitude were renewed	160.6656036376953
. only , your <unk> . ” discovered that your sheets were <unk> ? ” projects of this man to be accomplished ? ” ! his seat , then in a moment fell down again , silent and motionless . feeling of timidity he experienced and approaching the prince : my youth were botany and <unk> , and subsequently , when i learned that the use of <unk> frequently explained the whole history of a people , and the entire life of individuals in the east , as flowers betoken and <unk> a love affair , i have regretted that i was not a man , that i might have been a <unk> , a <unk> , or a cabanis . ” the cardinal , “ everybody seems	103.53959655761719
to have passed the evening with you . ” surprise and said : as death ; she suspected what the letter contained . give a fête on the third of october . of struggling crossed his mind , and of so ending the unexpected evil that had overtaken him . they took me for the assassin . looked upon the customs officer wounded to death , and , whether from heat of blood produced by the encounter , or the chill of human sentiment , this sight had made but slight impression upon him . and she is one of the greatest in her country too . ” england was an island , and that you were the king of it . ” done ? ” porthos .	129.72056579589844
naturally , according to his custom , that he must be the object of their conversation , and listened . noticed . the means of escape . easily arranged if the baroness and her daughter are willing . find in it that is worthy of blame ? ” asked aramis , haughtily . their posts . aramis and porthos inquired eagerly the cause of the strange interview ; but d ’ artagnan confined himself to telling them that m. de richelieu had sent for him to propose to him to enter into his guards with the rank of ensign , and that he had refused . same expression continued . do so , but i really feel now almost obliged to have faith in them . ” guitant	111.1993637084961
, i have often remarked that in addition to your courage , which is indisputable , and your fidelity , which is invincible , you possess an admirable memory . ” . ” ; and to marry mademoiselle danglars would be awful . ” our friends at the hotel at eleven . ” cellar ! ” replied monte cristo . who sent me a hundred francs by his valet-de-chambre . ” aramis , will you remain with this man while we go around to grimaud ? ” mazarin to him “ an emeute is spoken of in paris . said , “ our presence here is the best proof of former friendship ; not one of us has failed the others at this rendezvous ; not one has	104.47708129882812
, therefore , to reproach himself . ” . can go and come and fight for the cause of the people . ? of love i have rendered myself culpable toward you , you will pardon me ? ” the count , “ be good enough to ask pastrini if he has received the <unk> , and if he can send us an account of the execution . ” sinister project of the queen . and the lips , which had not yet regained their color , were particularly thin ; in fact , the deep and crafty look , giving a <unk> expression to the child ’ s face , belonged rather to a boy of twelve or fourteen than to one so young . of admiration	103.73696899414062
. mother , who <unk> exceedingly well , and who , unwilling to part with so valuable a picture , gave it to me to put here , where it would be less likely to displease m. de morcerf , whose portrait , by <unk> , i will also show you . indifferent , had not lost one word of this conversation , and his penetrating eye had even read a hidden secret in the embarrassed manner of the secretary . abbé ; “ edmond related to me everything until the moment when he was arrested in a small cabaret close to marseilles . ” contained : gunpowder . dantès has gone to the catalans ? ” said , motioning to his groom to approach . may please	130.9095916748047
to command me , ” was the reply . had given a heart vile and venal ; to the _soubrette_ she had given the heart of a duchess . chest the bullet of d ’ artagnan ’ s first adversary . dear friend . ” horror . monte cristo to morrel , who was at his house when the news arrived of the strange reverse of fortune of which danglars had been the victim , “ i have just made a discovery for twenty-five thousand francs , for which i would have paid a hundred thousand . ” it was indeed something to have prevailed upon this child to rebel against his master , he saluted the king respectfully , and with this agreement , took leave of	97.903564453125
him . at the moment you were arrested ? ” the head of the first . ” cried aramis . ; it is what i have just reproached you for . ” lived in the hôtel . sire , the same who had so nearly rescued you when colonel harrison made his <unk> entrance . ” shall i repeat to you some of my verses ? ” an instant of repose . too much ! ” cried buckingham , making a step toward the door . watch , ” said albert . till daylight , and then left without calling anyone . it well . tell me ? ” asked he . i shall set out for la rochelle with the army ; but on the eve of	69.92776489257812
my departure a vessel which i shall see depart will take you hence and convey you to our colonies in the south . to a life which you once , mercédès , had the power to render <unk> ; not one hour of peaceful calm was mine ; but i felt myself driven on like an exterminating angel . , and married today at three o ’ clock ! ! ” replied monte cristo , “ that all his fortune will come to you , and justly too , since mademoiselle danglars is an only daughter . ; at any rate , i think so . ” him perfectly , ” cried m. de boville ; “ he was crazy . ” utter <unk> came without recurrence of	138.65028381347656
the noise . good host ! , you are indeed wretched and a miracle alone can cure you . livres , ” said the procurator ’ s wife , with a sigh . will , count , and continue this conversation at my house , any day you may be willing to see an adversary capable of understanding and anxious to <unk> you , and i will show you my father , m. noirtier de villefort , one of the most fiery <unk> of the french revolution ; that is to say , he had the most remarkable audacity , seconded by a most powerful <unk> man who has not , perhaps , like yourself seen all the kingdoms of the earth , but who has helped to	99.97068786621094
overturn one of the greatest ; in fact , a man who believed himself , like you , one of the <unk> , not of god , but of a supreme being ; not of providence , but of fate . and <unk> which you see , but my shots have turned them into <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> . ” ? ” replied aramis , in a tone of resignation . count , ” exclaimed danglars , “ i never for an instant entertained such a feeling towards you . ” my dear vicomte , ” said athos , laughing , “ to make bad ones ; but to make good ones increases <unk> monsieur de <unk> . ? ”	62.08436965942383
to be taken ? ” asked the <unk> “ anywhere out of your presence , ” replied m. d ’ épinay . with monsieur aramis . only one-and-twenty , and can forget the past ; i am fifty , and am obliged to recollect it . with a party of spaniards . in my devotion to you as you believe in the goodness of providence and the love of <unk> ” valentine gave him a look full of gratitude , and remained as docile as a child . circumstance at least , his painful past gave to his countenance an indelible sadness , and the <unk> of gayety seen beneath this cloud were indeed but <unk> . and horses , servants . ” ! ” cried the duke	107.04790496826172
, “ you are so good ; if i could but do as you do , and eat pates and drink burgundy at the house of father marteau ’ s successor . ” . to athos , who was awaiting with apparent calmness , but with real anxiety , the result of the interview . i have been beloved by no one—so much the worse ; that has naturally led me to love no one—so much the <unk> you have my profession of faith . ” the scene we have described , the cardinal received a letter with the london stamp which only contained these lines : “ i have them ; but i am unable to leave london for want of money . , ” said porthos	141.21485900878906
. had 3,000 crowns , and we found them . modern school of painting . ” ? ” a horse is ? , after having exchanged a hearty shake of the hand with him , <unk> the matter first . fellow , if that some one recognizes us , if that some one cries out , we are lost ; for you don ’ t propose , i imagine , that i shall kill that man of the church . ” answered the host , even more surprised at the question than he had been by the silence which had preceded it ; “ i am gaspard caderousse , at your service . ” volunteers , <unk> <unk> and david <unk> dionysius the tyrant became a <unk> ?	130.94854736328125
her handkerchief , with which she appeared to be wiping her face , and in the other a bottle of english smelling-salts . broken door was removed , and the pale face of athos appeared , who with a rapid glance took a survey of the surroundings . ? ” it is not , ” said planchet . faria , showing to the young man a slender stick about six inches long , and much resembling the size of the handle of a fine <unk> , to the end of which was tied , by a piece of thread , one of those <unk> of which the abbé had before spoken to dantès ; it was pointed , and divided at the <unk> like an ordinary pen .	108.73096466064453
, lost , destroyed ! ” seemed to be animated with almost human intelligence , so promptly did it obey the slightest touch ; and dantès required but a short trial of his beautiful craft to acknowledge that the genoese had not without reason attained their high reputation in the art of <unk> . man ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ again he , forever he ! valliere ? ” asked athos , quickly . ; but now he ’ s as gentle as a lamb and sings gascon songs , which make one die of laughing . ” that he had been shot , and listened for the report ; but he heard nothing . into my apartment . his master , as the nubian	151.83352661132812
entered the chamber , “ you have frequently explained to me how more than commonly skilful you are in throwing the lasso , have you not ? ” , indeed ! , ” said d ’ artagnan . hope would have been destroyed . the arrangement , or , rather , the <unk> <unk> , which , after coffee , the guests at a breakfast of modern days love to contemplate through the vapor that escapes from their mouths , and <unk> in long and fanciful <unk> to the ceiling . violent character of <unk> danger which the poor girl incurred in giving this billet to her mistress , she ran back to the place royale as fast as her legs could carry her . omer ; the	182.34381103515625
friends made a little detour and went to the camp , and gave the army an exact account of the flight of the king and queen . in thought , they had <unk> their oars and hoisted sail ; the boat was now moving with the wind . continued the englishman who first gained his composure , “ he was drowned ? ” dear friend , ” said faria , “ sole consolation of my wretched existence , —you whom heaven gave me somewhat late , but still gave me , a priceless gift , and for which i am most grateful , —at the moment of separating from you forever , i wish you all the happiness and all the prosperity you so well deserve . albert	179.32681274414062
, “ seeing that without my title i should be nothing ; while you , sacrificing the baron , would still remain the millionaire . ” holiness , before you go , i beseech you ! ” he cried . chest , and in this position he paced his study ; then he threw himself , dressed as he was , upon a sofa , less to sleep than to rest his limbs , cramped with cold and study . availed little against a more deadly medium of death employed four days ago , which is generally but too fatal . ” , and really it is but fair that i should know what circumstance has occurred to deprive my son of your favor . ” was born	152.0556640625
at auteuil on the night of the 27th of september , <unk> , and that i am the son of the procureur , m. de villefort . or rather always listen . ” , ” said m. de boville . . have a bottle of your best wine , and then , with your permission , we will resume our conversation from where we left off . ” wind . and retired without speaking a word . vases , and sold them ; but as they were preparing to escape together , they were both arrested . a prison ; the walls are double the thickness of the rest . d ’ artagnan , in the time of the cardinal , mixed up in some intrigue from which	73.3531723022461
he came out , according to report , quite cleverly ? ” of the young man ’ s face what was passing in his mind , and he smiled . good , ” laughed athos . in my house ! ” cried villefort . however , but a wine of the country . ” ” took the road to rueil , where he usually resided ; in those times of disturbance he went about with numerous followers and often disguised himself . d ’ artagnan , bursting into a laugh . ” asked blaisois , stupefied by this harangue , delivered with an air of profound sagacity , “ will they be of your opinion ? ” ? ” ox beneath the <unk> . my friend , ”	81.24730682373047
replied d ’ artagnan . summit of our wishes , success has usually the power to drive away sleep on the first night after the fulfilment of long cherished hopes . his eminence ? ” a woman whom the cardinal has caused to be shut up , and you wish to get her out of the hands of the cardinal . subterranean palace gaetano told you of . ” emanate from a celestial source , seems to me to proceed from one far less pure . your good and eternal remembrance . . the light of the flames , she sprang out of bed , wrapped herself in a dressing-gown , and attempted to escape by the door , but the corridor by which she hoped to fly	130.9894561767578
was already a prey to the flames . doublet twelve diamond studs ; get as near to him as you can , and cut off two . ” cried a voice , “ that i am not too old yet for a man of action . ” of elba , where i arrived the next day ; i ordered everybody to remain on board , and went on shore alone . , you simpleton , ” answered the duke . , <unk> to the felucca . <unk> , and <unk> along at an easy pace . off or near , ” said kitty , “ i shall always love you . ” ” said the superb lord of bracieux , “ lest they should say we were afraid	111.29888153076172
. since it is at the same time the opinion of d ’ artagnan and of athos , it must be the best . ” my man ’ s skull , ” cried d ’ artagnan . the judges ; it is their business to judge , and they shall judge . ” , think so ? ” inquired the marquise . what are you thinking about , standing there like a statue ? the abbé burst into a fit of laughter , while dantès gazed on him in utter astonishment . ! ” cried the poor tutor . to his window , which opened on a terrace , having the sea in front , and at the back a pretty park bounded by a small forest .	75.51762390136719
! ” replied danglars , pleased to find the other so <unk> . m. de tréville , “ that will be unjust to the guardsmen . too soon , count , ” said he , “ but i frankly acknowledge that i have not closed my eyes all night , nor has anyone in my house . at once . ” and advanced to the opposite side , while two sailors kindled torches at the fire to light them on their way . note , passed his hands over his eyes , for he was dazzled and confused , and read : friend , ” said athos ; “ i am sure that whatever you do is well done . ” . ” sorry to tell you he	66.47649383544922
is perfectly well . ” yes ; you are right . such authority over his companions that he was almost like a commander on board ; and as his orders were always clear , distinct , and easy of execution , his comrades obeyed him with <unk> and pleasure . said , “ the wood that i am <unk> is his ; i cut it in his <unk> and i am taking it to the chateau . ” ? ” ” interrupted monte cristo “ that this took place towards the <unk> ” converse with you from time to time , valentine , but forbidden my ever following you in your walks or <unk> i not obeyed ? d ’ artagnan ; “ a singular commission . ”	98.18978118896484
. your majesty commands , ” replied d ’ artagnan . that i may not bring fresh trouble into your family : and to set an example which every honest and devoted man , situated as i am , may follow . ” ? ” any too clearly ; but then we know that understanding was not his strong point . be ? madame bonacieux ; i tell you i belong to the queen ! ” cried the unfortunate woman . an ordinary one . ” , which his father had delighted to train before his window , had all disappeared from the upper part of the house . he pressed grimaud ’ s hand , who seemed honored by the distinction . for access to , viewing	107.61404418945312
, displaying , performing , copying or distributing any project gutenberg™ works unless you comply with paragraph 1.e.8 or 1.e.9 . ” said he . the life of lord de winter in his hands and did not kill him , by which i missed three hundred thousand livres ’ income . ” sight of the little inn and could see on the opposite side the procession bearing the wounded man and guided by monsieur d ’ arminges . considered myself the agent of thy vengeance , and other wretches , like morcerf , danglars , villefort , even morcerf himself , must not imagine that chance has freed them from their enemy . except the one dreaded by danglars . us ; and the best advice we can	229.4372100830078
give you is to do so <unk> . ’ such deep anguish , with an accent of such intense despair , that monte cristo could not restrain a sob . , while the mendicant , who had received his reward , left as fast as his legs could carry him . ? ” pass his sentence of life or death . received every month from the count of san-felice ’ s steward , and the price of all the little <unk> in wood he sold at rome , were expended in <unk> , necklaces , and gold <unk> . . of his horse , and smoking his cigar at the entrance of the garden , when the count ’ s carriage stopped at the gate . , ”	89.09639739990234
said the old man , “ there is no wine . ” fixed upon the spot indicated by the sailor , and on the blue line separating the sky from the mediterranean sea , they perceived a large white sail . the seventeen peers of france ? ” for means of escape , and seeing the door free , he rushed into the next chamber , in which , as we have said , the deputies from la rochelle were waiting , crossed it as quickly as possible , and rushed toward the staircase ; but upon the first step he met lord de winter , who , seeing him pale , confused , livid , and stained with blood both on his hands and face , seized	104.27019500732422
him by the throat , crying , “ i knew it ! my father ? ” would be angry ? ” turn his eyes now and then towards me , and if he keep his word and interest himself for me , in six months i shall be an officer , or dead . , you are a musketeer ! ” seconded by grimaud , pushed with the barrels of their muskets an enormous sheet of the wall , which bent as if pushed by the wind , and <unk> itself from its base , fell with a horrible crash into the ditch . did , i thought . ” cristo ’ s voice seemed to resound in his ear with the words he had heard only two	85.38726806640625
hours before , “ whatever you want , morrel , come to me ; i have great power . ” ” cried baptistin . crime , of which i have the proof ? ” your excavation carefully , do not work any more , and wait until you hear from me . ” leading you beyond bounds ; if monsieur de tréville heard you , you would repent of speaking thus . ” ten or twelve days ago . that noise ? ” been here ? ” understanding , they reached leghorn . he . an interrogatory ! ” replied the cardinal . sir , and i beg his pardon , for he has always been very good to me , but i was mad . ” friend	96.85269165039062
so long and ardently desired , dantès almost carried him towards the window , in order to obtain a better view of his features by the aid of the imperfect light that struggled through the grating . , if only in <unk> ” thrown the fellow down , but hark ! ” started up , imagining that a man was approaching his bed for the purpose of <unk> him . ” said mme . the englishman , whom he found in the stable , examining the harnesses with a greedy eye . the day , tell rosa that when i leave the opera i will sup with her as she wishes . the right , my dear friend , ” cried porthos ; “ but where the devil	128.35609436035156
do you discover all the notions you put into practice ? ” me in what year ? ” here , a torch in one hand , a sword in the other , and within twenty paces , at the foot of this rock , perhaps two guards kept watch on land and sea , while their master descended , as i am about to descend , dispelling the darkness before his awe-inspiring progress . ” lower windows at the café rospoli ; should i have obtained the requisite pardon for peppino , the two outside windows will be hung with yellow <unk> , and the centre with white , having a large cross in red marked on it . ” source of it on man that i may	182.41024780273438
no longer vent reproaches upon heaven . ” , ” said the host . , if i remember , ” returned château-renaud . of his <unk> that it ? ” still she <unk> news of edmond , no news of fernand , no companionship save that of an old man who was dying with despair . forgotten that . ” pastrini ’ s hotel ? ” head fell on his breast . the case , here ’ s where the saddle <unk> me , as we french say . said athos , resuming his cloak and putting on his hat , “ now that i have drawn your teeth , viper , bite if you can . ” . you have sentiments , the devil knows what ,	96.64905548095703
such as every one can ’ t entertain . the officer with his <unk> eye , and repeated : going on that morning , and many business-like persons at the palais ; business-like persons pay very little attention to women , and madame danglars crossed the hall without exciting any more attention than any other woman calling upon her lawyer . friend . for the only thing for which i could be arrested is still unknown to your eminence . ” all , and life is sweet . his head with one hand , and with the other pressed his heart , lest its beatings should be heard . albert , ” replied lucien , lighting a <unk> at a rose-colored taper that burnt in a beautifully <unk>	192.64791870117188
<unk> “ how happy you are to have nothing to do . suspecting it , and actuated solely by their <unk> and adventurous character , our three friends had just rendered a service to someone the cardinal honored with his special protection . look at his friends . ” said eugénie ( in a tone which a vestal in the amphitheatre would have used , when urging the victorious gladiator to finish his vanquished adversary ) . thank you , sir . ” countenance , took his arm , and passed with him under a low arched door , which by a vaulted passage , lighted only at the farther end , led to a stone staircase around an angle of stone . project gutenberg literary archive foundation	232.88623046875
” said buckingham , “ or i will call my attendant , and have you placed in irons . ” s chamber , on the first flight , where they are dressing his wounds . ” my friend , ” interrupted the marquise , “ do not neglect your duty to <unk> with us . with what does not concern you ? ” as day , ” said he ; “ and you must have had a very confiding nature , as well as a good heart , not to have suspected the origin of the whole affair . ” the soldier on <unk> zealous catholic , no <unk> off the charm , for through the door he called : “ hold your tongue , madame ! you	72.20030212402344
for the single purpose of offering you a chance to kill monsieur de marsillac whenever you please , prince though he is . ” , took three or four steps onwards , and murmured : his coming into and going out of the <unk> the night when he introduced himself in the character of an italian fortune <unk> will tell him , that he may not doubt the <unk> of my information ; that he had under his cloak a large white robe <unk> with black tears , death ’ s heads , and <unk> in case of a surprise , he was to pass for the phantom of the white lady who , as all the world knows , appears at the louvre every time any great	136.25906372070312
event is <unk> . ” the cardinal spada buried no treasure here ; perhaps he never came here , or if he did , cæsar borgia , the intrepid adventurer , the <unk> and indefatigable <unk> , has followed him , discovered his traces , pursued them as i have done , raised the stone , and descending before me , has left me nothing . ” you , my friend , ” said the baroness , “ what will be done with this impostor ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan to himself , “ i believe he has become more gascon than i am ! ” then aloud : “ well , my dear aramis , do you ask me why i came to seek you	78.47799682617188
? ” the courts of the palais royal , where there still remained some of the <unk> of late guests , they entered the garden and reached the little gate . all in time . ” attempted on both sides , without effect ; sparks were emitted from the swords like water spouting forth . a black coat buttoned up . ” the ground and groaned . thank her , raoul . and ordered all sail to be spread . the excellent abbé adelmonte , of whom i spoke just now , made in this way some marvellous experiments . ” must lay in a stock of hilarity . ” a loss how to answer you , i admit , ” said mme . or me ! ”	170.14913940429688
the troop passed over their heads . the cardinal ; a woman who will draw you into a snare in which you will leave your head . ” his ear , to which the officer replied by a motion of his head . ; after cromwell , charles ii. , and then james ii. , and then some son-in-law or relation , some prince of orange , a <unk> who becomes a king . suffered long is like the dew on the ground after a long <unk> ; both the heart and the ground absorb that beneficent moisture falling on them , and nothing is outwardly apparent . ” said the host to himself . . howled ; and her voice was lost in the great voice of	158.49256896972656
nature , which also seemed to groan with despair . has said to me , and certainly without the slightest <unk> , ‘ at such a period i was five years old , at another ten years old , at another twelve , ’ and i , induced by curiosity , which kept me alive to these details , have compared the dates , and never found him inaccurate . up with them , though with every wish to do so . so beautiful in reality , you , so pure in appearance , must have committed great <unk> for lord de winter to pursue you thus . ” i am certain of not having been forestalled . d ’ artagnan , “ our honor as soldiers is	148.64085388183594
lost to us forever ! ” ’ artagnan ’ s trick , they neglected to reload their guns . porthos , “ i am a widower and have forty thousand francs a year . it , ” replied andrea , in the tone in which he had heard <unk> or <unk> reply to <unk> at the théâtre français . and by the faith of a gentleman , i bought it with the contents of my own purse , ” answered he whom they designated by the name porthos . surprise me . that in order that we may be as much together as possible , you ask her permission to share my repast . ” off ? ” desired grimaud to bring another bottle of wine . joyfully	106.37638854980469
replied the italian ; “ yes , i am really he . ” s attorney was named villefort ? ” asked monte cristo carelessly . turn . you , ” replied milady , without knowing how much she aggravated by this reply the suspicions to which d ’ artagnan ’ s letter had given birth in the mind of her brother-in-law , and only desiring to gain the good will of her auditor by a falsehood . on guard , you know . opened and the young henrietta appeared ; then the queen , with that wonderful strength which is the privilege of parents , repressed her tears and motioned to de winter to change the subject . ” he said , “ just before the death of	109.37895202636719
the late cardinal , i received a letter from athos . ridiculous , ” observed d ’ artagnan to porthos and went on his way . hold the extreme left , resting on <unk> . villefort , with a mournful smile , “ i have already had the honor to observe that my father <unk> least , i hope <unk> his past errors , and that he is , at the present moment , a firm and zealous friend to religion and <unk> better royalist , possibly , than his son ; for he has to <unk> for past <unk> , while i have no other impulse than warm , decided preference and <unk> ” having made this well-turned speech , villefort looked carefully around to mark the	146.68626403808594
effect of his oratory , much as he would have done had he been addressing the bench in open court . care of them myself , ” answered d ’ artagnan ; “ besides , all they require is a good room , with sentinels , or their simple <unk> that they will not attempt escape . are talking spanish , my dear friend , ” said athos . , ” said groslow , as the four friends entered , “ i had almost given you up . ” look yonder , ” he whispered ; “ don ’ t you see in the darkness something pass by , like shadows ? exclaimed athos , extending his hand to d ’ artagnan . begin with god , do	76.87841033935547
not have any hope in him till they have exhausted all other means of deliverance . open . thing . impossible but that master aramis , that <unk> bloodhound , and athos , that wise and prudent nobleman , will discover our retreat . i desire ; let them come in . ” to these learned ecclesiastics , and that in all humility , that the duties of mounting guard and the service of the king have caused me to neglect study a little . affair to spend the carnival at rome , especially when you have no great desire to sleep on the piazza del popolo , or the campo vaccino , they wrote to signor pastrini , the proprietor of the hôtel de londres , piazza	211.10818481445312
di spagna , to reserve comfortable apartments for them . was known as a familiar of the house , went straight to his office , and sent word that he wished to see him on something of importance . or rather , _au revoir_ , for i hope we shall meet again . ” ’ — ‘ yes , ’ says he . what you told me ? ” asked valentine . ! ” said porthos , slowly raising his head and looking at his friends with an air of astonishment , “ i understand english , then ! i will be there . ” the window , madame ; he is a young man that appears scarce sixteen years of age , and is called the viscount	89.78144836425781
de bragelonne . ” to him . ’ artagnan . ” emotion , advanced to meet the receiver-general . and do not be angry at what i am going to say—— ” from appearances ; you will find a horse in the stables quite as good as this . ” said d ’ artagnan to himself . , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ but with our four horses we may bring back our three friends , if we should have the good fortune to find them living . ” , notwithstanding all <unk> that is , as i have said , the limit of my <unk> shall have nothing to do but to pray god to work a miracle for the salvation of france . moment	56.10856246948242
imagine , d ’ artagnan , that i would commit such an offense <unk> ” handsomer , but certainly there could be none whose appearance was more <unk> , if the expression may be used . those are citizens , <unk> and <unk> , armed with good muskets , as in the time of the league , and whose eyes are so intently fixed on this window that they will see you if you raise that curtain much ; and now come to the other <unk> do you see ? poop with a rope ; put the oars into it , so that it may follow in the track and there will be nothing to do except to cut the cord . mines of <unk> , guzerat ,	150.9701690673828
and <unk> are opened to you . blow the pickaxe struck against an iron substance . sinbad the sailor , ’ is it not ? ” address the minister ? ” destroyed his first will and made a second , than , for fear he should make a third , he is struck down . said two words to mordaunt in this little desert . ’ s service ? ” mousqueton trembled ; even his fat , smooth cheeks shook as he spoke , and he looked at d ’ artagnan with an air of reproach ; he staggered , and his voice was almost choked . from table . grandpapa once thought of leaving this house , and taking an apartment away from m. de villefort ’	151.275634765625
s . ” count , in bringing me back to the place where i have enjoyed so much <unk> . , that the count ’ s coachman was attired in a <unk> , exactly resembling <unk> ’ s in _the bear and the <unk> ; and the two footmen behind were dressed up as green monkeys , with spring masks , with which they made <unk> at everyone who passed . he , “ it is a happy day for me , to feel that i am beloved by such a man as you . gentleman , ” said one of them , “ who seems as if he were going to join the army . ” gnashing his teeth and wringing his hands with fury . single	102.67826080322266
ornament left , i should have bought wood this winter to make a fire for my daughter and myself . ” i shall accept an invitation from porthos ; i shall go and shoot on his estate . morrel , “ is there no way of <unk> all these <unk> releasing him from arrest ? ” how little notion you can have of all it has cost me to effect a purpose so unexpectedly frustrated , that you talk of beginning over again . the cardinal . ” ” replied the commissary . if there be <unk> , well , ” continued louis xviii. , “ make one ; that is the usual way , is it not ? ” and the king laughed <unk> . with <unk>	136.27003479003906
, <unk> according to their species ; dried lizards shone like emeralds set in great squares of black wood , and <unk> of wild <unk> herbs , doubtless possessed of virtues unknown to common men , were fastened to the ceiling and hung down in the corners of the apartment . this young man of having given bad counsel ? ” take it ! ” said d ’ artagnan . i could , my lord . ” you ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . all honey , monsieur . ” ? ” . you mean by that question ? ” ? ” asked morcerf . wish to know him . despondency ; aramis looked first at porthos and then at d ’ artagnan , without speaking ,	82.79475402832031
but the latter understood his <unk> look . the kindness to explain the nature of the statement which has displeased you ? ” the questioner . might await you in paris , morrel , i would have left you there . ” , then , if you were not queen ! in the pursuit of some whim as you do , m. danglars , in promoting a new railway line ; you , m. de villefort , in condemning a culprit to death ; you , m. debray , in <unk> a kingdom ; you , m. de château-renaud , in pleasing a woman ; and you , morrel , in breaking a horse that no one can ride . said andrea , “ i was coming from	98.39839935302734
<unk> to <unk> , when my horse , which is a troublesome creature , stumbled and threw me . the bearer , who is a count and a <unk> of spain ! , shall we not ? ” said albert to the count . purpose was <unk> and lighted by a number of windows , over each of which was written in golden letters for some <unk> reason the name of one of the principal cities of france ; beneath these windows a wooden balcony extended the entire length of the house . his nephew to wait for him near the vineyard ; but it appeared the servant did not find him . went out . place where they halted was a young man in black , who	118.07048034667969
seemed waiting for some one , and who , from the moment he saw them enter the town , never took his eyes off them . then ? ” had first given him the idea that a special weapon had been employed . porthos earned by selling straw . left him . ” this youngster ? ” this discovery was so great she could not conceal it . musket <unk> was an arquebus ball . will summon my servants to throw you out at the door . ” i mean men of courage . his stool , starting at the least noise ; and when the first rays of the sun penetrated into his chamber , the dawn itself appeared to him to have taken funereal <unk> .	141.6339111328125
door-keeper rose , came to her , and asked her whether she was not the person with whom the procureur had made an appointment ; and on her affirmative answer being given , he conducted her by a private passage to m. de villefort ’ s office . ” said villefort ; “ i never ceased to search and to inquire . ! ” one has already struck , i do not consider i have asserted too much in saying , that , in another hour and thirty minutes mercédès will have become madame dantès . ” he desired to follow , and was moving towards the end he wished to achieve ; his heart was in a fair way of <unk> in his bosom . , a	121.29804229736328
valet entered ; he composed , with a little groom named john , and who only spoke english , all albert ’ s establishment , although the cook of the hotel was always at his service , and on great occasions the count ’ s <unk> also . laughing at the idea . a man i don ’ t know , although he seems to be coming here . would soon see how moderate and reasonable we are ! ” thy daughter , ’ said the bandit ; ‘ i loved her , therefore i slew her ; for she would have served as the sport of the whole <unk> ’ the old man spoke not , and grew pale as death . island , up the side	130.64923095703125
of which ascended a volume of smoke , increasing as it rose . man who brought him from lucca ? ” horse entered by the name of vampa ? ” ’ t know this woman , how do you know her name ? ” ” cried dantès , “ you have been rather a friend than a judge . ” <unk> him to delight in shedding blood , needs but the sense of smell to show him when his prey is within his reach , and by following this instinct he is enabled to measure the leap necessary to permit him to spring on his victim ; but man , on the contrary , <unk> the idea of <unk> is not alone that the laws of social life	120.22733306884766
inspire him with a shrinking dread of taking life ; his natural construction and <unk> <unk> ” to be apprehended on the road i am going , i would request you to accompany me ; but as there is none , remain where you are , finish your bottles , your game , and your letter . on . ” in the attack , and rude in the defence . a man ? ” yesterday addressed another epistle to her , still more pressing than the first . ” or three comic operas , written four or five articles in the <unk> , and voted five or six years on the ministerial side . ” the affair is serious and <unk> . ” ’ standing could not have	153.78761291503906
done more for us , or with a more perfect courtesy . ” so , gentlemen ? , my friend ; it is said that he is married to the queen . ” , and i feel the whole responsibility of such a charge . ” by the throat and three-quarters <unk> him . came to implore the protection of m. de villefort ; she did not obtain it , however , and went to visit the old man ; when she saw him so miserable and <unk> , having passed a sleepless night , and not touched food since the previous day , she wished him to go with her that she might take care of him ; but the old man would not consent . i	75.94374084472656
am not ; for i assure you , his power over our household is almost unlimited . horse giving way under him and with his wonderful agility threw himself to one side . <unk> . ” a banker at lyons named particelli , who , after becoming a bankrupt , chose to change his name to emery ; and cardinal richelieu having discovered in him great financial aptitude , had introduced him with a strong recommendation to louis xiii . pocket . after my death the command <unk> on you as mate , assume the command , and bear up for the island of elba , disembark at porto-ferrajo , ask for the grand-marshal , give him this <unk> they will give you another letter , and charge	242.63819885253906
you with a commission . do me the kindness to give him my regards and tell him that i am his neighbor . to endure the italian theatres , with their <unk> from which it is impossible to see , and the absence of balconies , or open boxes ; all these defects pressed hard on a man who had had his stall at the <unk> , and had shared a lower box at the opera . nothing ? ” ” said villefort , addressing himself to his future son-in-law , “ excepting the loss of a portion of your hopes , this unexpected will need not personally wound you ; m. noirtier ’ s weakness of mind sufficiently explains it . ” i have made up on	134.1499481201172
purpose ; they are <unk> doubly strong . ” old man clinging to life with so desperate a courage , gave a fresh turn to his ideas , and inspired him with new courage . its ferocity in the second generation . passing that in this fight perished the baron de chantal ; that the baron de chantal left a little orphan girl eighteen months old , and that this little girl was afterward mme . the sound , grasped the reins with a firm hand , and spurred his horses , whose beautiful <unk> floated in the breeze . , the particulars which are given prove that fernand mondego , raised by ali pasha to the rank of <unk> , is no other than count fernand of	256.7809753417969
morcerf ; then , recollecting the honor you had done me , in admitting me to your friendship , i hastened to you . ” ” your journey a certain monsieur mordaunt , distrust him , in a letter i can not say more . ” said the marquise , “ attend to your <unk> , your <unk> , and embroidery , but do not meddle with what you do not understand . , she looked at the manly countenance of monte cristo , on which grief and hatred still impressed a threatening expression . ” said he , “ and let me answer . , believe me , but they must be those which enrich , not those which ruin . in all that i have said	88.7144775390625
to you than in what you have told me ? ” a king ’ s attorney . , and without sitting down , wrote a few lines upon a parchment of which two-thirds were already filled , and affixed his seal . apparition , “ every gentleman seems to have the same fancy , for not a quarter of an hour ago a young lad , well mounted like you , as tall as you and of about your age , halted before this clump of trees and had this table and this chair brought here , and dined here , with an old gentleman who seemed to be his tutor , upon a pie , of which they haven ’ t left a mouthful , and two	149.9897918701172
bottles of <unk> wine , of which they haven ’ t left a drop , but fortunately we have still some of the same wine and some of the same pies left , and if your worship will but give your <unk> ” happen an event which saved austria ? of monte <unk> . ” ” said château-renaud . a <unk> of broussel ’ s party , nor of blancmesnil ’ s , nor am i with viole ; but with the duc de beaufort , the ducs de bouillon and d ’ elbeuf ; with princes , not with <unk> , councillors and low-born lawyers . to the salutations , <unk> , and jokes of their companions . replied the bishop , with firmness , “ you	157.63011169433594
see him not , because the passions of the world conceal him . ” went to madame de villefort . your particular world . . that i never joke . ” , ’ said cucumetto , advancing towards the other bandits , ‘ are you coming ? ’ by <unk> longer he should appear selfish in the eyes of athos . ? ” he asked with his flattering manner ; “ that monsieur de beaufort had escaped , were you not ? ” by they ? ” you , do young and strong men die in prison , when they have scarcely numbered their thirtieth year , unless it be of imprisonment ? ” caderousse wiped away the large beads of perspiration that gathered on his brow .	123.95777893066406
are a great man ; and when you occupy monsieur de tréville ’ s place , i will come and ask your influence to secure me an abbey . ” from these reflections by lubin , who uttered loud cries and screamed for help with all his might . ask my own secrets , and i will reveal them to you ; but those of others—that is quite another thing . ” is not a horse for hard work . ” inquired at what time they wished for the carriage . ! looked around her with terror , saw that the apartment was empty and that she was alone with her liberator . that i had ; i have assumed the virtues that i had not . there	116.47721862792969
? ” , and summoning all his resolution , attacked the ground with the pickaxe . fortune are those who draw out 700,000 francs in the course of an hour . ” franz , “ this time , m. albert , i am bound to give you credit for having hit upon a most capital idea . ” be true , ” replied the count , smiling , “ perhaps you will be kind enough to give me some account of yourself and your family ? ” the stone , ” he continued , “ a learned gentleman discovered that the prisoners might have communicated together for ten years . ’ tis nothing , ” replied the viscount ; “ it will be time to think about it	72.96284484863281
when we next halt ; only have the goodness , should you see a cavalier who makes inquiries about a young man on a chestnut horse followed by a servant , to tell him , in fact , that you have seen me , but that i have continued my journey and intend to dine at mazingarbe and to stop at cambrin . was followed by the king and the duke d ’ anjou , his brother . you done to aspire to this honor ? ’ demanded the lieutenant . me . cathedral , d ’ artagnan saw bazin , who was conversing with the <unk> . up ? ” he asked again . , of whom the <unk> are the <unk> , ” continued the jesuit	96.7426986694336
; “ <unk> <unk> the fingers . and get me some syrup of violets . ” lost ; and <unk> everything is for the best . ” looking at d ’ artagnan with disquiet . his feet , hands and <unk> three marks of race . have just met with a terrible adventure ! . were doing there ? ” illusions ; but for real love , for true jealousy , is there any reality except illusions and chimeras ? ; instead of the costume of our fathers , which you despise , i will wear a varnished hat , a striped shirt , and a blue jacket , with an anchor on the buttons . opinion that the abbess was rather royalist than cardinalist . by three	174.4822998046875
nights without sleep and a journey of seventy leagues on horseback , retired to his cabin and went to sleep . their cloaks , appeared . scene had not occurred in daylight , for it was curious to see this rascal throwing himself heavily down on the cushion beside the young and elegant driver of the tilbury . franz ; “ and it is to punish them that duelling is tolerated . ” who waited at the door , and that carriage with a coachman in grand livery who sat waiting on his seat ? ” i told my steward yesterday to attend to this ; perhaps i can render you this slight service also . ” smile . world by <unk> , or through <unk> and <unk>	174.0926055908203
? rampart and perceived on the other side of the ditch , three cavaliers with two riding horses . for he had not time to mount his horse again , tired , like the guards , of distributing blows with the flat of his sword , had recourse to its point . i like no better than yourself to meet that viper in my path . ” , i know . ” say ? ” arms of porthos and aramis , and threw himself like a madman on the corpse of his mistress . not be accomplished . ” circumstances , my dear sir ; ‘ man proposes , and god disposes. ’ ” andrea sighed . that . ” was in that cellar one of those famished	102.31336212158203
<unk> gigantic heroes of popular legends , into whose cavern nobody could force their way with impunity . is it ? ” at least , ” said cromwell , rising and putting on his cloak . other of you , perhaps both , return it to me at paris . repeated the count . <unk> in the conciergerie . exclaimed madame de villefort , “ the punishment , monsieur ? lion , plunged on the dismounted cavalier , who tried to draw his sword ; but before it was out of the scabbard , porthos , with the hilt of his had struck him such a terrible blow on the head that he fell like an ox beneath the butcher ’ s knife . , ” replied bertuccio	97.8628158569336
hesitatingly , “ did not the abbé busoni , who heard my confession in the prison at nîmes , tell you that i had a heavy burden upon my conscience ? ” to that horse , athos . ” , struck right and left and was almost delirious with excitement . the movable plank on which the victim is laid , were eating their <unk> , while waiting for the criminal . had bound his hands . , taking with them all the guards they found on their road , and crying out , “ to arms ! then ? ” rooted to the spot like a statue of terror , and villefort , with his head hidden in the bedclothes , saw nothing around him , d	129.0628662109375
’ avrigny approached the window , that he might the better examine the contents of the glass , and dipping the tip of his finger in , tasted it . haydée be informed that i have returned . ” but his desire to make julie decide immediately made him reply . they , or are they not , my subjects ? years old , and was of great personal beauty and intelligence of mind , no one knew whether he had ever had a mistress . you , my friend . only myself in the world to care for . ” opinion i have submitted to you does not please you it is doubtless because you have better counsels to follow . ’ herblay say so . ”	136.3674774169922
go and find a priest . ” said , “ here is a draft at sight . ” , you know , depends almost always upon the goodness of his horse . ” and over the album was only a little <unk> adopted by way of precaution . , looking at the pavement as if to see whether the passengers had not left a purse behind them . found the following letter , that which he had sought at the risk of his life : and in return gave caderousse the diamond . he should henceforth recruit his musketeers from among the guards of monsieur the cardinal . ” , for this eulogium of m. morrel , himself the pearl of the honest men of marseilles , flattered	132.8195343017578
him more than a present of fifty crowns . tempted by the hopes of reputation yourself ? ” artagnan , thanks ! ” cried aramis , almost in a state of delirium . of sufficient rank to do me the honor of crossing swords with me ? ” ” ! ” interrupted the procureur , shrugging his shoulders . night and the night before , and you know it is not my custom to sleep three times in the same bed . ” monsieur , and i repeat , that the handkerchief did not fall from my pocket . ” chances , calculated the time required for all the forms ; something must have happened . ” man who accompanied him , ‘ executioner , ’ said he	86.14305877685547
, ‘ do your duty . ’ ” , d ’ artagnan , in order to have more freedom for his actions , leaned half out of the door ; his eyes were fixed upon those of the mendicant , which were lighted up by a lantern . , as her duties called her to chapel , she left the two young women alone . de winter , on reaching the gate of the town , “ let us do here as at <unk> us separate to avoid suspicion . to dine at the minister ’ s . remained unmoved . in the middle of the street he urged his horse upon it without a word of warning ; and the members of the group , whether rebels	96.06768798828125
or not , as if they knew with what sort of a man they had to deal , at once gave place to the patrol . , my poor friends . ” them a little when we took them , and i will even confess that it is their purse that monsieur du vallon and i draw on in our nightly play . ” cried athos , at the end of five hundred paces . said he , “ a tall , dark man , of lofty carriage , who has the air of a great lord . i will allow no one to annoy you . ” followed him , and all their comrades followed the dragoon and the swiss . porthos , “ saddle vulcan and	81.2852783203125
bayard . ” be silent . my ministers have redoubled their vigilance , in order to watch the shore of the mediterranean . ground ! ” said the young captain , shaking his head . had been caught wandering nearer to the harem of the bey of tunis than etiquette permits to one of his color , and he was condemned by the bey to have his tongue cut out , and his hand and head cut off ; the tongue the first day , the hand the second , and the head the third . penetrated the aperture of the tent as winter re-entered it . doing . evening and no other time will serve . ” billet , <unk> folded , with a pretty seal in	177.63296508789062
green wax on which was impressed a dove bearing a green branch . ! was just enough room for a man to pass . as he was to all the manners of a court , could not but perceive a little coldness in this reception . as we have said , close to her , he saw on the ground a fine cambric handkerchief , which he picked up , as was his habit , and at the corner of which he recognized the same cipher he had seen on the handkerchief which had nearly caused him and aramis to cut each other ’ s throat . said d ’ artagnan , turning to the servant , “ tell his eminence that in half an hour i shall	111.61186218261719
be at his command . ” cried athos , “ my son , i entreat you ; the wretch is dying , and it is horrible to let a man die without extending a hand to save him . that she had felt no pity for poor mercédès , who had been <unk> with as severe a blow through her husband and son . who could thus philosophically resign hopes so long and ardently <unk> with an astonishment mingled with admiration . that man has other projects . thought that a pretty mule makes sometimes as good an appearance as a horse , and it seemed to me that by getting a pretty mule for <unk> ” the abbé , “ it is very affecting . ” _	124.07421875
” said beauchamp , “ with the paper in your hand , my friend , i need not tell you the cause of my visit . ” and wore the uniform of musketeers . ” morrel , “ it is a cruel thing to be forced to say , but , already used to misfortune , i must habituate myself to shame . exclaimed the poor queen , raising her eyes to heaven , “ have you indeed taken back all the generous hearts that once existed in the world ? ” pistols . de winter was in affairs of the service , and in relations of friendship with the duke , gave the preference to the one who came in his name . ! i command you	68.89749145507812
. ’ looked fatigued , either from tears or want of sleep . say to you ? the way to let the mercer pass . the count , “ you do not get out , m. <unk> are going to stay in the carriage , then ? and kissed his brow . , ” cried franz , “ here is a bandit for you at last . ” he rob you every year ? ” , friend ? ” of the gate , which you see there. ” and andrea continued his plan . abbess , and tell her that someone will come and fetch me , either today or tomorrow , and that i am to follow the person who presents himself in your name . ”	77.92926788330078
composed my repast ; then i drew another glass of water from my protecting fountain , and drank it . caution of monte cristo ; she fancied that the hand not holding the phial clasped a long sharp knife . too exacting . say in your defense ? ” asked bradshaw of the king . which shot into the room through the open door , covered them with a flood of light . him . monte cristo . meet a man she hated and despised . you tell me is impossible . vessels , which had appeared improbable during the day , seemed very probable at night ; placed as he was between two possible sources of danger , he kept his eye on the crew , and	163.19711303710938
his gun in his hand . sake , beauchamp , ” returned morcerf , “ do not deprive me of the merit of introducing him everywhere . once or twice at madame de morcerf ’ s , among the rest ; she appeared to me charming , though rather melancholy . close . , and life and energy returned . ” cried the duke . thing , monsieur officer , that my grandfather commands you not to take any rash or <unk> step which would be likely to compromise our happiness . ” you ask , sir , ” said eugénie , making a sign that her father might be seated , “ and in fact your two questions suggest fully the theme of our conversation . have	103.8782958984375
already said , perfectly well acquainted with the literature of all countries . , after some hesitation , was about to speak , when bernouin entered hastily and bending down to the ear of the cardinal , whispered : you should go there . ” do you love that woman still ? ” dear porthos , at pierrefonds ; your fine chateau is worthy of affording its princely hospitality to his eminence ; it is , likewise , well <unk> too near paris , nor too far from it ; we can establish a communication between it and the capital with great facility . room ; on perceiving him beauchamp stopped . re right , ” replied the companion . above the glazed opening of the ceiling ,	190.33233642578125
casting a strong light into my chamber ; and i perceived with terror that a man was standing within a few paces of me . he , “ for athos this is too much ; for the comte de la fère it is too little . of any grottos , ” replied jacopo . said , taking up his hat , which he placed on the red handkerchief tied round his head , “ we will soon find out . ” , who resolved to allow themselves to die of <unk> death always appearing to them more slow and less sure than <unk> . such exceeding rapidity , that there was something in the conversation that seemed like the beginning of delirium . , and not wishing to	101.00018310546875
put himself under obligations to the brute , the banker threw himself down again on his goat-skin and did not breathe another word . the rest ventured to pass the door and to advance on tiptoe . your generosity , that ’ s all . the cardinal ’ s opinion . , scarcely twenty-three years old . most composed of all , spoke : , go ; grimaud will accompany you with his musketoon . ” , i guessed the rest ; <unk> the length of the lines by those of the paper , and divining the hidden meaning by means of what was in part revealed , as we are guided in a cavern by the small ray of light above us . ” monte cristo ,	138.66416931152344
“ it is just as i thought ; it was politics which brought noirtier and m. d ’ épinay into personal contact . end of the rue vaugirard the gigantic porthos appeared . prisoner took in the apartment in its minutest details . work by the abbé faria upon the kingdoms of italy . an <unk> in which he painted the power and the deeds of the cardinal , that incomparable minister , that conqueror of past ministers , that example for ministers to <unk> and power which none could thwart with impunity . more uneasiness about this . ” ? ” said the count . i beg of you . ” , ” said he , “ human knowledge is confined within very narrow limits ; and	156.14857482910156
when i have taught you <unk> , <unk> , history , and the three or four modern languages with which i am acquainted , you will know as much as i do myself . you if you ever feel any emotions of terror <unk> ” heard this conversation , and noirtier fixed his eye so earnestly on valentine that she felt bound to answer to the look . contract just as my dear grandmother was dying . ” puritans have but one word . me by saying whether it is her pleasure to dine with me ; if so , let dinner be served in her apartments . would be popular , can not forgive the count of morcerf for being created a peer ; and this marriage	185.1610107421875
broken off without a reason being <unk> , it is all from the same cause . ” full , and <unk> as harmoniously and as <unk> as ever , the door remained shut . said the woman , crossing herself . grimaud and the scotchman , and we all three retired into a corner of the square . ” said rochefort , “ here is a chance which may pair off with the other ! armchair which happened to be near the door , and waited without speaking a word , without making a gesture . to see her too often . people spoke of the future . like you does not obtain long leaves of absence from his mistress ; and we were impatiently waited for at	133.67831420898438
paris , were we not ? ” presented it to the sergeant with one hand and with the other took a pistol from his holsters and cocked it . ’ t know , that that is what we ask of you . ” all i can tell you , and you see how <unk> it is. ” as dantès spoke , villefort gazed at his ingenuous and open countenance , and recollected the words of renée , who , without knowing who the culprit was , had besought his indulgence for him . cab to the passage , on the other side of which she found her carriage , and her coachman sleeping peacefully on his box while waiting for her . it go out of your hands	126.4805908203125
? ” let us agree that the word poison does not exist , because in medicine use is made of the most violent poisons , which become , according as they are employed , most salutary remedies . ” the young lieutenant gave to the same individuals proved to milady that her servants were the same men as her guards ; that is to say , soldiers . head was confused , for her <unk> plans clashed one another like chaos . d ’ artagnan . ? ” repeated the young girl . . ” fast animal , but he kept up an easy , steady pace ; in three hours and a half andrea had traversed the nine leagues which separated him from compiègne , and four	220.7374725341797
o ’ clock struck as he reached the place where the coaches stop . devil are you going now ? ” cried athos . ” said caderousse ; and his eyes glistened at the thought of this <unk> revenge . , to see me ? ” for the moment , let us separate . ” of nature ? ” stone , and in a small court before it were two small beds full of beautiful flowers . my friends ! out a bundle of papers . , edmond ? ” been appointed governor of a province , and if the queen should consent to be <unk> it could be only of her grandson or granddaughter . grimaud . , ” said athos . scriptures ? ” present state	83.44312286376953
of <unk> , i protest that i feel happy . ” the king , “ is the messenger ’ s name m. de villefort ? ” placed a small silver cup with a silver cover . ” replied the novice , “ only i thought i had chosen my time ill ; you were asleep , you are fatigued . ” to each other courteously , if not <unk> . was noirtier being pushed towards the bed , his face expressing all his meaning , and his eyes supplying the want of every other faculty . well constructed . ” me the honor to say , i presume you mean i was afraid ? ” ? ” demanded the count . captain , ’ replied i . be	83.1075439453125
the case , he remained paralyzed in the right arm and the left leg , and had given up all hope of ever enjoying it himself . to present these proofs for his <unk> . ” the queen of england ? ” inquired d ’ artagnan . the swimmer insensibly neared one another , and in one of its <unk> the tartan bore down within a quarter of a mile of him . door was opened . porthos , “ if we can not leave the camp , our lackeys may . ” you here ? ” s rest is enough , ” replied the gascon . present , and endeavor to <unk> into futurity , and then say whether i am not a divine instrument . uttered	110.71256256103516
a cry , porthos raised the oar , and aramis sought a place to strike , a frightful shake given to the boat precipitated athos into the sea ; whilst mordaunt , with a shout of triumph , grasped the neck of his victim , and in order to paralyze his movements , twined arms and legs around the musketeer . ’ clock , ” said madame de villefort , evidently agitated . ! in <unk> upon paris and parisian matters , speaking to the countess of the various persons they both knew there . cardinal was not behind the king in this respect . ” shall live here , like the mercédès of other times , gaining my bread by labor , would not be true ,	139.01339721679688
nor would you believe me . milady , “ what can those who sleep wish <unk> happy awakening ? left ! ’ ” murmured he . astonished to find myself alive and even unhurt ; a third of the squadron were lying on the ground , wounded , dead or dying . a horse of you ? ” not to hinder you , i will get up with you if you please in your carriage , and tom shall follow with my phaeton in <unk> . ” back and is going to commit some fresh folly or another . ” such hour as i have just passed . ” , and i will . ” different <unk> , sherry , and malaga , and a barrel of ostend	147.3625030517578
oysters ; get them at <unk> ’ s , and be sure you say they are for me . ” it they do not . ” it , ” returned the count ; “ but why are you thus agitated . call it ? by a key which he took from his pocket , but with such shaking fingers that he could not find the keyhole . to perfect health , was tasting the fine fruit which madame de longueville had sent to him . human figure appeared , but the girl was too familiar with such apparitions to be alarmed , and therefore only stared , hoping to recognize morrel . these ideas . asked the count . stifling him as he drew him through the aperture	119.38338470458984
, at the risk of <unk> him in the passage . ” asked she . said d ’ artagnan . hour , felton tapped again . him what had occurred on the day when the agent of thomson & french had come to her father ’ s , related the scene on the staircase , repeated the promise she had made , and showed him the letter . ’ said the captain , ‘ what makes you shake your head ? ’ ‘ why , ’ i says , ‘ i still think you ’ ve got too much on. ’ ‘ i think you ’ re right , ’ answered he , ‘ we shall have a <unk> ’ ‘ a <unk> ? mortal enemies of the	102.03005981445312
musketeers , had seen mordaunt adjust the fuse ; he had heard the proverb , which mordaunt had given in french . quitted the wall , and advanced into the middle of the street . willing to die ! ” cried milady , struggling . i know he used to amuse my wife and daughter by telling them about it after his return from italy . ” ” said monte cristo . to porthos . strength . put our prisoners in a place of safety , ” replied d ’ artagnan . can confess . ” ” said rochefort , “ there ’ s no great difference , i think , between a dead man and one who has been buried alive ; now i have been buried	77.4033432006836
alive , or very nearly so . ” were no sentinel ! ” very carelessly ; but i suppose you had no tools to aid you . ” , monsieur , ” replied julie ; “ but we have also known unhappiness , and few have ever undergone more bitter sufferings than ourselves . ” scarcely recognize the tigress who , a minute before , prepared apparently for a fight . ” said aramis , taking a small key from his breast and opening a little ebony box inlaid with mother of pearl , “ here it is . nubian slave , who rendered this service to madame de villefort . ” the usual hour , and was conversing on the melancholy event which was to attract the	143.20050048828125
attention of the public towards one of their most illustrious colleagues . let us fly ! ” repeated mme . , coolness , mildness even , in the voice of the young man , that milady felt reassured . , and went down the corso , crossed the campo vaccino , went up the strada san <unk> , and reached the gates of st. sebastian . that they should have made so deep an impression on you ? ’ — ‘ on them depended my father ’ s life , ’ replied she . ” count of monte cristo is one of those fishermen . that is true ! ” cried the owner , greatly delighted . might not be considered a large sum , in paris especially	117.10305786132812
, ” said the count ; “ but everything does not depend on wealth , and it is a fine thing to have a good name , and to occupy a high station in society . ’ t delay you much . ” , the reason why i begged you to alter the order of the questions . ” count , ” exclaimed morrel ; “ that is why i hastened to you . ” days before us , ” said he to his friends , “ well , if at the end of a fortnight i have found nothing , or rather if nothing has come to find me , as i , too good a catholic to kill myself with a pistol bullet , i will	75.3353500366211
seek a good quarrel with four of his eminence ’ s guards or with eight englishmen , and i will fight until one of them has killed me , which , considering the number , can not fail to happen . on her brow , as if to force the fugitive ideas it contained to <unk> in a moment . mademoiselle danglars . to de winter were waiting for him at the door ; he proceeded toward his abode very thoughtfully , looking behind him from time to him to contemplate the dark and silent <unk> of the louvre . forgotten , your excellency ? ” inquired the bandit , with the air of a man who , having committed an error , is anxious to repair it	120.34898376464844
. his influence to obtain it for me ; but he also declared that he never had taken on himself the responsibility of making proposals for another , and he never would . that you charged by the side of mordaunt . ” without regularity , but always aimed with the same accuracy . them . ” see , neighbor caderousse ; and ready to be agreeable to you in any and every way , ” replied dantès , but <unk> his coldness under this cloak of civility . fair , ” said the seaman who had saved dantès ; “ for you know more than we do . ” artagnan believed that he might be tranquil , as one of his two enemies was killed and the	111.21681213378906
other devoted to his interests . morrel , “ why do they not come ? it myself . barrels with his hand , and having ascertained that he spoke the truth , pushed his lantern , greatly to the captain ’ s alarm , into the interstices between the barrels , and finding that there was nothing concealed in them : which dantès had handled the lugger had entirely reassured him ; and then , when he saw the light plume of smoke floating above the bastion of the château d ’ if , and heard the distant report , he was instantly struck with the idea that he had on board his vessel one whose coming and going , like that of kings , was accompanied with	150.77146911621094
salutes of artillery . cried he , laughing , “ i quite despair of my poor michon ; she will never write like monsieur de voiture . ” dear friend , that if you are not in a hurry , i am very much in a hurry . ” give them . ” you leave me in the hands of mine enemies , of the enemy of england , of the enemy of god ! ” have to tell me is worth the trouble , or else , i warn you , i will not pardon you for making me come here instead of getting a little rest after a night spent in taking and <unk> a bastion . trying to leave england and will search for us	82.1764144897461
at the ports ; meanwhile we shall reach london with the king . the court like a black shadow , rushed out through the wicket , leaving his comrades , and even the keeper , lost in wonder . ” said d ’ artagnan . that guest , that nobleman who arrived before she came ? ” ” replied the governor . , ” replied athos ; “ for by this time she must have quit the shores of france . ” , ” said mercédès , “ if i had a stronger heart , that is the counsel i would have given you ; your conscience has spoken when my voice became too weak ; listen to its <unk> . to hope , ” said the count	75.65863037109375
. letter ? ” coward , or i shall cut off your ears . , you shall receive the consolation that you ask . , his chest heaved with his panting respiration . ” he said . was conveying my wife back to the louvre , he was coming out as she was going in , and she showed him to me . ” what she said—that is to say , you declare that the signs which she mentioned are really those by means of which you are accustomed to convey your thoughts ? ” madame , i believe your oath . ” ground , and have an undoubted right to place a ladder against the wall , and to look over when i please , without having	109.57847595214844
any apprehensions of being taken off by the police as a suspicious character . guided by mousqueton , took up the way toward the house , already almost restored to their former gayety ; for they were now , as athos had said , all four once more united and of single mind . s silence , during which the noise of the banker ’ s pen was alone heard , while monte cristo examined the gilt mouldings on the ceiling . there since leaving her house ; the continual silence of the spot oppressed her ; still , seeing that albert continually watched her countenance to judge the state of her feelings , she constrained herself to assume a monotonous smile of the lips alone , which	208.37368774414062
, contrasted with the sweet and beaming expression that usually shone from her eyes , seemed like “ moonlight on a statue , ” <unk> light without warmth . the young man who , spite of the agitation he could not but feel , advanced with dignity , and said , in a firm voice : excuse me , madame ; i wish to add nothing to the recital of these gentlemen until they perceive themselves that they have perhaps been mistaken . ” continued mme . no , ” said the general , smiling faintly , “ i did not come for that purpose ; you are right . light or the angel of darkness say to that mind , at once implacable and generous ? and	149.83731079101562
take charge of you on the sea , and to conduct you to this castle . tréville saw the queen almost daily , he might be able to draw from her majesty some intelligence of the poor young woman , whom they were doubtless making pay very dearly for her devotedness to her mistress . instant after , the countess resumed : <unk> the usual delay ; and at half-past two o ’ clock the mayor of marseilles will be waiting for us at the city hall . you , peppino , ” said the count . once , the <unk> of lord de winter , the seductions of milady , her first attempts after her arrival . that i reflect about it , i am glad to	102.66783142089844
leave paris at this moment . ” . ” coward ! ” said monte cristo . to his escort , “ withdraw . . ” he said , handing it to her . ! cavalcanti to himself , “ if i only had that britzka , those two good post-horses , and above all the passport that carries them on ! ” and he sighed deeply . use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever . ” repeated morrel , as if awakening from a dream . the neighborhood ? <unk> , for the growth in question had a head . in my affairs , i think it is now my turn	115.59944152832031
to ask you some questions . ” , and that was at not hearing any tidings from his friends . , here is a gentleman who had none of these resources at his <unk> gentleman , only a simple magistrate , who learned more than you with all your police , and who would have saved my crown , if , like you , he had the power of directing a <unk> ” the look of the minister of police was turned with concentrated spite on villefort , who bent his head in modest triumph . , ’ returned carlini . am glad to see you are of my opinion . really <unk> from the neighborhood of rome . him get up , stretch out your arm and	103.81471252441406
seize him by the neck . i have . <unk> ” the abbé ’ s reception day ; people went there in crowds . , monsieur , go on ! ” said madame de chevreuse eagerly ; “ you can ’ t imagine how much this conversation interests me . ” ” cried he to d ’ artagnan , “ do not kill him , young man , i beg of you . he remembered to have observed a similar shadow . ” said the three musketeers . , and our little fortune increased . de comminges , “ more especially if it could reveal how monsieur d ’ artagnan for this last week has been <unk> him . ” ” replied raoul . guard . ” ”	70.77769470214844
resumed de guiche ; “ i am sure he can fire a musket when required . speak of me , i am sure they thought about me , and i am in despair . ” inform monsieur laporte , through my husband , in order that monsieur laporte might tell us precisely what had taken place at the louvre in the last three days , and whether there is any danger in presenting myself there . ” the name of franz , the pupil of m. noirtier ’ s eye began to dilate , and his eyelids trembled with the same movement that may be perceived on the lips of an individual about to speak , and he darted a lightning glance at madame de villefort and his	102.30741119384766
son . we decide ? ” said the king . strength and beat la ramee completely . toward the city . we shall find some way out of it , ” responded m. de salvieux . have heard me ; i will have those letters . ” gardens planted by <unk> , and in these gardens isolated pavilions . him , for otherwise he would not have been able to enter by the small aperture which led to dantès ’ chamber . edward ; speak to your <unk> your dear eyes and look on me once again ! , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but in the first place i should like to be certain of one thing . ” morcerf , his telling us so	101.35647583007812
at your breakfast ? ” of the cold and the urgency of the cloak . man appeared at the gate , covered with dust , entered the courtyard , leaped from his horse , which he consigned to the charge of a groom , and then went to greet the count and d ’ artagnan . count ? ” ” said athos , reproachfully . i don ’ t know ; it ’ s of no consequence . the door , for you know that last night my lord punished a soldier for having quit his post for an instant , although i , during his absence , watched in his place . ” on . goat-skin , and peppino , <unk> the door , again began eating	69.865234375
his peas and bacon . to my wishes . only one way of saying things , so i went in and said , ‘ my lord , we were not the strongest party . ’ dantès , with astonishment , “ do you possess any ? ” is delicately organized , and she is peculiarly susceptible to the odors even of <unk> , there are some which cause her to faint if brought into her presence . , as if beneath a heavy wave of bitter thoughts . , without encouraging them or promising them anything , and without concealing from them that their luck , and even his own , depended upon the cast of the dice . door carefully after the child , the count appearing	211.25209045410156
not to notice her ; then casting a scrutinizing glance around the chamber , the young wife returned to her chair , in which she seated herself . ; the young man ’ s words sounded to him like metal , and he thought he could hear the rushing of <unk> of louis . , and , leaning over him with a calm and melancholy look , he whispered , “ i am—i am—— ” reply . a few years previously , well acquainted with the interior of morrel ’ s warehouse , and had returned at this date , would have found a great change . wife to come up . by and a bridge across it . like no . ascended the front steps , and	120.28501892089844
addressing a footman who waited there in a grand livery , asked if the duchess de chevreuse was visible and if she could receive the comte de la fere ? the good curé again . and believe <unk> ’ s right . , and valentine still lived . , “ help , reverend sir , help ! ” albert has just done is either very despicable or very noble , ” replied the baron . his request , and m. de tréville , on receiving it , assured him that by two o ’ clock in the morning the four leaves of absence should be at the respective <unk> of the travelers . danglars forming the <unk> , and pushing danglars whenever he happened to stop , they	126.50502014160156
came by a gentle declivity to the <unk> of two corridors . each of these relays your address in paris , the four horses will follow you thither . familiar with the french language , which you , monsieur le coadjuteur , both speak and write so well . ” , just arrived , but he was in his bath , and had forbidden that anyone should be admitted . , he is in good hands . ” opened , and a man appeared , of high stature , pale complexion , and black hair and beard . , so strange , so new , and so ardent , made him view the infamous and imaginary accusations of milady de winter as , through a <unk> glass ,	156.32797241210938
one views as frightful monsters atoms in reality imperceptible by the side of an <unk> . he , “ it is dreadful thus to hear my condemnation from your own lips . good of that ? you tell me many more marvellous things , i warn you i shall not believe them . ” i know what i say . very uneasy at the turn which the letter was taking and paused to glance under his eyes at the young man . s doubted that a duel would ensue from it . , and cast around her one of those piercing looks which seemed to dart from an eye of flame . first ; and now i think entirely as he does . dantès was delirious ; and	127.47161865234375
placing the food on the <unk> table , he withdrew . as many as we shall want . simple enough , madame ; it inspires me with the idea that m. danglars has left suspiciously . ” t let us talk of that , m. morrel . ” table he sat between the two empty bottles , while spectres danced in the light of the <unk> <unk> such as <unk> <unk> over his <unk> pages , like black , fantastic dust . as one finds it . gently . ” resumed mme . to rome to see , ” said danglars aloud ; then he added softly , with an avaricious smile , “ i came to touch ! ” and he rapped his pocket-book , in which	126.30424499511719
he had just placed a letter . i ? ” dressed , the one as a woman of <unk> , and the other as a woman of la <unk> . <unk> in the pictures of <unk> . porthos . it will not take long . ” killing glances at mademoiselle danglars , and by sighs launched in the same direction . and i repeat it , that to-night we rescue charles i . care of the women , while old barrois ran , <unk> , to his master ; for nothing frightens old people so much as when death <unk> its vigilance over them for a moment in order to strike some other old person . , raoul , ” said athos , “ i am going to	103.51416778564453
present you to some one . ” the duke , rubbing his hands . such as they <unk> men devoted to one another , from their purses to their lives ; four men always supporting one another , never yielding , executing <unk> or together the resolutions formed in common ; four arms threatening the four cardinal points , or turning toward a single <unk> inevitably , either <unk> , in open day , by mining , in the trench , by cunning , or by force , open themselves a way toward the object they wished to attain , however well it might be defended , or however distant it may seem . to spare a father ’ s feelings , or a mother ’ s sensibility	274.1644287109375
, is not to do a good action , but a simple deed of humanity . ” the cardinal , on seeing la houdinière return . as if to interrogate her , but she continued to walk on in silence , and he refrained from speaking . by your actions than your name ; he is quite aware that there are two gentlemen who greatly aided the escape of monsieur de beaufort , and he has <unk> an active search for them , i can answer for it . ” ” he cried , in a tone which electrified the coachman . letter , and make him your model in order that you may do as he has done . ” the necessary <unk> , and toward seven	88.25634765625
o ’ clock in the morning the little vessel cast anchor in the bay that had been named . this evening i almost <unk> there will be a conference to-morrow and we shall see . ” ” murmured the englishman ; “ then you have but one hope . ” end ? ” baroness , “ among the ten horses in the stables of baron danglars , are two that belong <unk> to <unk> pair of the handsomest and most <unk> creatures to be found in paris . ” ix . , then shook his head , and recommended prudence to him with a shade of bitterness . have i not heard talk of some strange adventure with bandits or thieves hid in ruins , and of his	112.1155014038086
having had a miraculous escape ? this idea , which , from what he had heard , was not wanting in probability . athos , “ are you still afraid ? ” should soon grow weary of a convent life ; she resolved , then , to risk something in order that she might know how to act afterward . indefinable , passed over the lips of the queen . of being tired and obliged to walk . ” , sir , ” exclaimed villefort , in vain endeavoring to escape the net in which he was taken . the count , “ i refer you to your confessor . little note and pin upon the table confirmed , or rather corroborated , the sad truth . the	105.17973327636719
young man , quite astounded , “ i hope no false <unk> ” swear upon your honor and i upon my word , and then it will be pretty evident that one of us will have lied . never had the happiness of pressing his hand , ” continued maximilian . with joy , and then the air resounded with the cries of “ long live broussel ! ” “ long live the coadjutor ! ” if i do what you wish ? ” , <unk> purveyor of the musketeers . ” ” responded monte cristo with a <unk> air . if i have lied or spoken the truth . ” athos , “ that we can not even recognize one another and have therefore no fear of	98.3337173461914
others recognizing us , let us go and see the king ’ s entrance . ” ? . earth over a surface of more than twenty feet square , and a depth of two feet . be as wise as nestor and as prudent as <unk> ; i do more than permit , i <unk> you . ” turn to become pale . of it and concealed her uneasiness from every one . little of that foreign manner by which french persons recognize , at first sight , the italian or german nobleman . he , ‘ this is very nice weather , and two leagues to go in such a storm . ’ not fled ? ” , he would certainly have pardoned me , if i	135.10079956054688
had not said anything to him about that cursed <unk> ambiguous words , it is true , but rather <unk> ambiguous . <unk> , —the names of the condemned persons , their crimes , and mode of punishment , all agreed with his previous information . during the transit , but , arrived at its destination , it crouched behind the cushions , and stupefied at such unusual treatment remained silent and motionless . trembling seized them when called upon for some unexpected service . sent home two hours before from the hôtel de ville , telling him to sit up for him , opened the door for him . . ” have recognized us ? ” said d ’ artagnan . ; then , after a slight	156.7084503173828
hesitation , she resumed . we have nothing to fear if we land ? ” and ran to the window . he had under his touch his books and arms , his eyes rested upon his favorite pictures ; his dogs , whose caresses he loved , welcomed him in the antechamber ; the birds , whose songs delighted him , cheered him with their music ; and the house , awakened from its long sleep , like the sleeping beauty in the wood , lived , sang , and bloomed like the houses we have long cherished , and in which , when we are forced to leave them , we leave a part of our souls . adieu , my beloved protector . ” his fortune	175.80105590820312
remained obscure . ” said athos ; “ but d ’ artagnan will discover one . ” quitting d ’ artagnan , gave him his sister ’ s address . a brother ? ” said felton . is to be in love ? ” said d ’ artagnan , looking at her for the first time with much attention . . ” t want your help , watch the cardinal . ” points . my eyes ? ” and she leaned against the window . you see so bad in it ? ” said d ’ artagnan . the corridors through force of habit ; he threw aside his magisterial robe , not out of deference to etiquette , but because it was an unbearable burden , a	60.7028923034668
veritable garb of <unk> , <unk> in torture . although you care not for the price that is placed upon a good action in this world , leave me the hope that we shall meet again , when i may be able to thank you myself . he to the host . wherever i go ? ’ , your family arms ? orleans and to condé were suggested . , dantès , ” exclaimed the old man . ? ” ” myself . ; break off their acquaintance . , and i thank you , ” continued dantès . are like prosperous <unk> in one respect , they seldom return home after twelve o ’ clock . than i . exactly the worst of all . <unk> .	104.67594909667969
from time to time , as if to speak ; but do not speak , and do not listen . glad to have seen such a sight ; and i understand what the count said—that when you have once habituated yourself to a similar spectacle , it is the only one that causes you any emotion . ” your <unk> ” arrive , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ it will be enough , since the duke ’ s troop are only four in number . ” he was active , strong , and full of presence of mind . please . . ” is the name the discontented give to their party . ” moment with a dull sound that drew out of dantès ’ forehead	105.23306274414062
large drops of perspiration . doubt , with a superstitious idea ; she conceived that heaven denied its aid , and she remained in the attitude in which she had fallen , her head drooping and her hands clasped . the notary , “ do you not intend making mademoiselle valentine de villefort your <unk> <unk> ? ” whatever i may be , ” she added , hardly restraining herself from kissing that pure brow , “ let us see what profession you wish to follow . ” ” said gondy , “ you will undertake , then , some night , to throw up some ten barricades ? ” nothing ; will you , kitty ? false excuse to porthos ! friend ? ” exclaimed porthos .	125.84392547607422
” thought he , “ will make a great sensation at m. de saint-méran ’ s ; ” and he arranged mentally , while dantès awaited further questions , the <unk> by which orators often create a reputation for eloquence . power of her attention ; it was just light enough for her to see who was coming . said an officer , who came up behind the guards . in all this , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ we do not think of the queen . beaufort , but he is the least dangerous among them . but nothing compared to the first ; at the end of a week he wrote as well with this pen as with the stylus . , ” said	97.00877380371094
d ’ artagnan ; “ you would rather be killed than desert your post ? ” ! _ i am not selfish , as you are . ” ? ” fever , which for an instant abandoned her , returned to give <unk> to her eyes , color to her cheeks , and <unk> to her lips . come into your hands , mousqueton ? ” ! ” cried the gascon , who reckoned upon this letter for making his way at court . see them both on the same table ? ” <unk> at cairo , one at smyrna , and one at constantinople , preside at a wedding ? —never ! ” m. de villefort has been telling me ? ” demanded monte cristo “ and	88.45225524902344
what incomprehensible <unk> ” no rest till we could find some trace in <unk> works of these extraordinary names which had so strongly awakened our curiosity . the queen quitted the convent to go to the palais royal , a young man dismounted at the gate of this royal abode and announced to the guards that he had something of importance to communicate to cardinal mazarin . see me . chevalier d ’ herblay , ” he said , “ are the fronde incarnate . , ” said the young man . looked at each other for some time in silence . the blow was direct and he replied rather dryly : that madame de villefort sent to request my presence , as she had a communication to	129.04588317871094
make on which a part of my fortune depended . monsieur de villequier , ” mazarin interposed , “ i shall make it my care the king hears of your loyalty . athos ; “ and <unk> ” face of the countess , as it was covered with a thin veil she had put on her head , and which fell over her features in misty folds , but it seemed to him as though her voice had altered . , each with a good heart , a good arm and a sword at the service of those who wanted it . i had even written a precise history of the borgia family , for the sole purpose of assuring myself whether any increase of fortune had occurred	139.64048767089844
to them on the death of the cardinal cæsar spada ; but could only trace the acquisition of the property of the cardinal rospigliosi , his companion in misfortune . instant ’ s observation he heard the noise of a vehicle , and saw milady ’ s carriage stop opposite to him . grottos , or on board in your cloak ; besides , if your excellency pleases , we can leave as soon as you <unk> can sail as well by night as by day , and if the wind drops we can use our oars . ” to hear what his mother would decide after she had finished reading this letter . <unk> on the subject were very limited and concise ; he told her ,	162.90516662597656
in fact , that an explanation had taken place between m. noirtier , m. d ’ épinay , and himself , and that the marriage of valentine and franz would consequently be broken off . , then ? ” , ” said the duke with a smile , “ of the persons who are here ; the men run no other danger than that of falling in love with you , and the women of falling ill of jealousy at seeing you so lovely ; i meant persons who were out in the streets of rome . ” , then ? ” it will be as well if he is not , ” answered caderousse ; “ for if he should be , there will be really no	76.80131530761719
speaking to him . ” why , without real necessity , i should encumber my life with a perpetual companion . count of monte cristo as he entered , “ i pray you excuse me for suffering my visit to be anticipated ; but i feared to disturb you by presenting myself earlier at your apartments ; besides , you sent me word that you would come to me , and i have held myself at your disposal . ” last , you arrive at five minutes to ten , when the time fixed was half-past ! ” said de guiche , “ a strange face ; but these monks are subject to such <unk> practices ; their fasts make them pale , the blows of the discipline	135.28497314453125
make them hypocrites , and their eyes become inflamed through weeping for the good things of this life we common folk enjoy , but they have lost . ” that which , since i have known you , have suffered by you and for you , i conjure you , if you have any care for my repose , to <unk> those great <unk> which you are preparing against france , to put an end to a war of which it is publicly said religion is the ostensible cause , and of which , it is generally whispered , your love for me is the concealed cause . your relatives and friends . much the better , ” said caderousse . found , ” replied tréville , “	173.98057556152344
ready to answer , when it shall please the gownsmen to interrogate him . replied franz , “ will tell you , as i only require his wonderful lamp to make me precisely like aladdin , that i see no reason why at this moment i should not be called aladdin . that , because the signature seemed to me so strange . ” ? ” said a voice . , and bertuccio remained with noirtier . quite innocent of the treason charged against the general . ” as to show us the way out ; he led us to the park wall , which we climbed over without accident , and then we fell in with grimaud . ” aware that the king has no money in	111.45581817626953
his treasury ? ” ” cried morrel , in such a paroxysm of terror that monte cristo started , —he whom the falling heavens would have found unmoved ; “ you knew it , and said nothing ? ” , his beloved child , against the fatal effects of the poison , which has failed because your system was already impregnated with it . in a country where for a feast they eat boiled mutton , and as a treat drink beer . were no longer above water , and the rider , who had lost the reins in struggling , fell with his head back and his arms extended . ” continued the wounded man , “ i suffer much and would like , if possible ,	163.63027954101562
to be carried to some house . ” ” said andrea , “ how <unk> you are ! , ” he said . lots ! ” he said , “ that when you entered i was on the point of signing five little bonds ; i have already signed two : will you allow me to do the same to the others ? ” terrible one , mr. mordaunt , and touches me keenly ; but happily for you , you serve an all-powerful master ; he ought to aid you in your search ; we have so many means of gaining information . ” signs he makes ? ” returned d ’ artagnan . captain of the post advanced at the head of a dozen men ,	98.8876724243164
holding a lantern in his hand . ” replied mazarin . ” said the young woman , in a dying voice . he loved her ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . milady , “ do your wounds still make you suffer ? ” winter , “ for whom do you take me ? ” and return , sire ; i shall be back in ten minutes . ” . ” listen . this , mother ? ” of light glanced across the face of the midnight visitor . darling child , valentine ! feel uneasy , examined the tapestry with his eyes , touched the coat of mail which he wore under his long gown and felt from time to time to see if the handle of	65.79711151123047
a good spanish dagger , which was hidden under his cloak , was well within reach . , ” he replied , “ all will be ready . ” by the melancholy noise of the surf . your twelve hundred francs ? ” said he to caderousse . for the blood had become rust ; after a momentary examination during which the queen became as white as the cloth which covered the altar on which she was leaning , he put it back into the coffer with an involuntary shudder . on fifty resolute men , good , unemployed , but active souls , <unk> , capable of bringing down the walls of the palais royal by crying , ‘ down with mazarin , ’ as fell those	157.2431182861328
at <unk> ? ” mazarin , “ i am glad to see that his majesty has been brought up with a hatred of dissimulation . ” gestures , that that was well , and indicated to grimaud , by pointing to a <unk> that resembled a <unk> <unk> , that he was to stand as sentinel . a long time to tell him what i think of him . , but put it in his pocket and not on his finger . has stood for six years at your very door a man such as i describe , and during those six years he has been <unk> and unemployed by you . ” ’ s reply to those who await it . ” number , not being able	86.92755126953125
, in the midst of this crowd , to make their horses wheel around , began to give way . block , ” answered the man in the mask . admiration , and said no more about going away . tréville , their captain ? ” me to conceal their names for the present ; they were speaking in an undertone , and yet i was so interested in what they said that i did not lose a single word . ” the count . , ” he said ; “ but as they are necessarily submitted to the process of <unk> function which it is frequently impossible for a fainting person to <unk> prefer my own specific . ” shall have a tempest , or i don	106.54771423339844
’ t know what ’ s <unk> ’ you could see the wind coming like the dust at <unk> ; luckily the captain understood his business . it will be a happy day for me when i can cross something more than a look with you . ” eh , peppino ? ” there is no communication between m. noirtier ’ s apartment and that of madame de saint-méran , and barrois never entered my mother-in-law ’ s room . a <unk> ” danglars , “ and this is further supported by the fact of their not possessing an inch of land . ” father ? ” the room was at noirtier , whose face , independent of the emotion which such a scene could not fail of	98.50764465332031
producing , proclaimed him to be in possession of his usual health ; her second glance was at the dying man . instant i hoped it was so . his usual coolness , reseated himself before the remains of the breakfast . ” like <unk> . ” a hundred millions and i give them to you ; with such a fortune you can attain every wish . ” said porthos . his legs , he would have rejoined us by this time , ” said athos . not have let slip an opportunity of drinking a glass of this liqueur , and at the same time leaving some trace of himself . ” s ’ est leve ce matin ; <unk> <unk> <unk> ’ il <unk> <unk> le	140.25990295410156
mazarin . deep dishes which were covered and placed on a stove , and from a copper pan placed in an old iron pot . villefort , “ is it at your house in the champs-élysées that you receive your visitors ? ” when she motioned to franz to assume the seat of honor . their name , ” said m. de boville ; “ but did you receive my letter yesterday ? ” of the patrol , descended across the rocks , and when arrived on the edge of the sea , whistled . poor fellow told you the truth . ” madame de chevreuse , “ i believe you are a sorcerer ; i am prepared for anything . fourreau , whose teeth chattered with terror	106.45787811279297
, “ i wanted to get him out of the way that i might drink myself . ” the next night passed away without my seeing him again . family affairs , perhaps ? ” game of chess upon the merits of their servants . my correspondent has disappeared . doctor , ” said the procureur , “ heaven declares itself against my house ! charming humor . ” asked mercédès . and this time the doors were left open . infallibility which you appear to possess , i rank that of candidly acknowledging a fault . shall make of all the domestic <unk> ’ t you think so ? with attention the sapphire set with diamonds which had taken , on d ’ artagnan ’ s finger	130.68182373046875
, the place of the queen ’ s ring , carefully kept in a casket . the most skillful of his craft , and who himself confessed that he gained a hundred thousand livres a year by the duke of buckingham . use of one of the means which he always had ready for his friends , that is to say , in the first place , the famous key which was given to certain persons with the request that they go and open a designated cupboard . , ” exclaimed athos , laughing , in spite of himself , at the <unk> of the irresistible gascon ; “ for you see the bright side of everything . ” d ’ artagnan , who took it . ,	69.90615844726562
” replied d ’ artagnan . french ! her . the contrary , that their punishment , which had been decreed by providence , is only delayed by my present determination , and although they escape it in this world , it awaits them in another , and that they are only exchanging time for eternity . ” had predicted , it became possible to find mme . exclaimed , “ how can i restore the happiness i have taken away from these poor innocent creatures ? invalid , wrote a prescription , ordered villefort to take a cabriolet , go in person to a chemist ’ s to get the prescribed medicine , bring it himself , and wait for him in his daughter ’ s room	137.1475372314453
. and d ’ artagnan poured out a glass of wine . you too far , monsieur de rochefort . ” <unk> , and was purchased by a rich armenian . ” replied porthos , “ to be candid with you , i am not happy . ” , my sweet renée , i promise to show all the <unk> in my power ; but if the charges brought against this bonapartist hero prove correct , why , then , you really must give me leave to order his head to be cut off . ” by your steward . that ; he does not himself know the amount of his fortune . ” the young man ’ s brow , and he felt as if he should	65.14640808105469
faint . said , stretching out his hand to d ’ artagnan , “ come , don ’ t be sullen , my dear son , for i have said all this to you , if not in the tone , at least with the feelings of a father . his guests . you did not follow your first vocation ; what a delicious abbé you would have made ! ” <unk> . ” entrance of the king , fresh acclamations were heard ; these announced the arrival of the queen . that , flamarens ! ” said chatillon . said the sentry , ‘ you may now go on . ’ the grasp of porthos , was all the reply of poor blaisois , for the giant	83.10389709472656
, taking him neck and heels , plunged him into the water <unk> , pushing him out of the window as if he had been a plank . it is , ” said the count . m. morrel ; and i think you will be satisfied on that head . ” replied athos . to face in the very room where ten minutes before mordaunt had been talking to cromwell . defiled , d ’ artagnan . ” o ’ clock in the evening . ” ” said caderousse , “ you are getting on better terms with your old landlord ! ” ” this gentleman , monsieur ? ” inquired emmanuel . , she looked like an angel of mercy conjuring the angel of vengeance . were	60.796138763427734
already made ; he cursed the instant when m. laporte formed the idea of marrying him to his goddaughter , and particularly the moment when that goddaughter had been received as lady of the linen to her majesty . i have encountered here ? ” led his company to the louvre , where the king held his review . , i beg of you . ” or the duchess de longueville ? ” cried a tall man with an enormous mustache and a long rapier , “ bravo , fair paulet , it is high time to put little voiture in his right place . than enough to think about ; accordingly he fared at chess as he had fared at tennis ; he made blunder upon blunder	194.87733459472656
and the officer with whom he played found him easy game . . . ” the quay by way of the rue de la monnaie ; there he found groups of bourgeois clad in black cloaks or gray , according as they belonged to the upper or lower bourgeoisie . ; it would be rendering a service to her future son-in-law . ” and begged them to leave him and his assistant alone with the king . said aramis . midst of a tremendous and general <unk> , seven or eight horses , excited by the shouts of three hundred thousand spectators , passed by like lightning . three steps forward . the doctor <unk> , dropping the sheet he had raised . quartered , i hope .	169.021240234375
” ” replied eugénie , “ i have tried to the very last and now that the moment has come , i feel in spite of all my efforts that it is impossible . ” calm his fears , —and instead of dwelling upon the political future that had so often been the subject of his ambitious dreams , was imagining a future limited to the enjoyments of home , in fear of awakening the enemy that had so long slept , —the noise of a carriage sounded in the yard , then he heard the steps of an aged person ascending the stairs , followed by tears and lamentations , such as servants always give vent to when they wish to appear interested in their master ’	176.18121337890625
s grief . some more splendid than others , —this is our credit ; but when a man dies he has only his skin ; in the same way , on retiring from business , you have nothing but your real principal of about five or six millions , at the most ; for third-rate fortunes are never more than a fourth of what they appear to be , like the <unk> on a railway , the size of which is <unk> by the smoke and steam surrounding it . cardinal ! dulaurier , ” said the queen ; “ and what is your business ? ” to you , ” added d ’ avrigny , “ to tell you that an attempt has been made to poison	119.40513610839844
her ? ” the old man made a sign that he entertained no doubt upon the subject . said he , “ my dear baron , but one of my friends , the abbé busoni , whom you perhaps saw pass by , has just arrived in paris ; not having seen him for a long time , i could not make up my mind to leave him sooner , so i hope this will be sufficient reason for my having made you wait . ” he . the queen him to overtake a woman embarrassed with her cloak . good fellow , ” said athos , “ it is but dying rather sooner . ” 55 . ? ” this fête would take place , but the	70.30070495605469
king replied that he must consult the cardinal upon that head . , ” said la ramee , falling into the trap , “ what is there to prevent your trying them ? the same time , being a man of extreme caution , was quite aware what injury he should do himself , if by any indiscretion or awkwardness he should betray has <unk> to the experienced eye of athos . and reading the eyes of the old man , which gleamed with unnatural lustre , — the line of <unk> and found themselves in the open plain , d ’ artagnan , who was completely ignorant of what was going forward , thought it was time to demand an explanation . in the anteroom his guide	136.89695739746094
, who immediately entered into conversation with two or three of the industrious idlers who are always to be found in rome at the doors of <unk> , churches , <unk> , or theatres . . ; you know i only refuse when the thing is impossible . a moment , and then said , “ from which it would appear , sir , that this credit inspires you with considerable apprehension ? ” . heard from all parts of the room . , the gracefully formed boats , and the golden light in which the whole scene was bathed , the count of monte cristo , wrapped in his cloak , could think only of this terrible voyage , the details of which were one by one	103.22931671142578
recalled to his memory . fire ! ” , ” replied athos , laughing . dead , but his adversary , who knew he had not struck him , offered him the assistance of his hand to rise . and thoughtful . ” prisoner that i wish to speak to your grace , ” replied felton . such excessive joy that unless the joy be allowed to overflow , it will stifle you . and in a most lavish manner , i can assure you . ” to my question , ” replied the inspector impatiently . ! ” said d ’ artagnan , taking his friend by the hand . congratulated herself upon having fallen into the hands of her brother-in-law , with whom she reckoned she	73.83561706542969
could deal very easily , rather than into the hands of an acknowledged and intelligent enemy . six pieces of five francs each in the man ’ s hand , leaped lightly on to the pathway . as to have some particular duty to perform for your eminence , we are ready to obey you . from her beautiful shoulders ; and on one of those lovely shoulders , round and white , d ’ artagnan recognized , with inexpressible astonishment , the <unk> indelible mark which the hand of the infamous executioner had imprinted . ” athos , with his habitual exactitude , was waiting on the pont du louvre and was almost immediately joined by lord de winter . in this house ; and we are	142.17822265625
even a little <unk> ” is , ” continued the countess , taking up the _lorgnette_ , and directing it toward the box in question , “ that the gentleman , whose history i am unable to furnish , seems to me as though he had just been dug up ; he looks more like a corpse permitted by some friendly grave-digger to quit his tomb for a while , and revisit this earth of ours , than anything human . was a very extraordinary man . said lord winter . that had been allowed for his journey as a reward for the majestic and solemn manner in which he had maintained his assumed character of father . may be dangerously <unk> even . ” queen ’ s	157.35540771484375
hand ? ” said m. de tréville , looking earnestly at d ’ artagnan . is a hostage for the parisians , ” answered the cardinal . mordaunt , with eyes on fire with a look of hate impossible to <unk> , “ i can only offer thee one victim , but it shall at any rate be the one thou wouldst thyself have chosen ! ” hands of mazarin ’ s police a noble lord whom they were conducting back to the bastile , where he had been for five years . ” , but rapid as thought , gleamed from the eyes of milady . dantès , of whom they spoke ? ” , you sir , who are hiding yourself behind that <unk> , you	114.72686004638672
, sir , tell me what you are laughing at , and we will laugh together ! ” madame de villefort , returning to the one idea which incessantly occupied her mind , “ perhaps it would be better to explain this unlucky affair to m. d ’ épinay , in order to give him the opportunity of himself renouncing his claim to the hand of mademoiselle de villefort . ” will shut themselves up , ” said albert , “ and can not be seen because they are bathing , dining , or asleep , we must avail ourselves of the opportunity whenever they are to be seen . ” ? ” added yet more to the intensity of the darkness , the moon , which was	79.30642700195312
on the <unk> , did not rise until eleven o ’ clock , and the streets which the young man traversed were plunged in the deepest obscurity . invalid , ” answered scarron . me . please , but i am sure of what i say . , madame ! ” said the young woman , clasping her hands and weeping herself at the queen ’ s sorrows ; “ i am your majesty ’ s , body and soul , and however far i may be from you , however inferior may be my position , i believe i have discovered a means of extricating your majesty from your trouble . ” friendly way , but fernand looked pale and agitated . ” and by seven o	85.45838165283203
’ clock in the morning he was at armentières . to-morrow , ” said aramis hastily . <unk> , ” answered andrea , as calmly as possible ; “ then i became a thief , and lately have become an assassin . ” of the civil marriage . the marquise : “ napoleon the type of equality ! monsieur , ” said danglars with affected carelessness , “ i attach no sort of value to such empty <unk> ; but the fact is , i was made baron , and also chevalier of the legion of honor , in return for services rendered , but—— ” very well that the general was not a man to drown himself in despair , and people do not bathe in the	123.11589050292969
seine in the month of january . was revenged . ! ” cried anne of austria , with an accent of terror which proved how much greater an interest she took in the duke than she ventured to tell . anne went to the cardinal ’ s room . would then be the accomplice of an assassination . ” him , ” said milady to herself . be <unk> they think they will arrest him ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ let us inquire further . , ” he said . to say anything ; that would be to denounce herself . ” ? with terror , and only answered the few words of the musketeer by pointing . my age , for i have not counted	78.29999542236328
the years i have been here . in order that he may not doubt , that he came there in the costume of the great <unk> , which the chevalier de guise was to have worn , and that he purchased this exchange for the sum of three thousand pistoles . ” not recollect the name of the celebrated bandit by whom i was made prisoner ? ” as death and trembling in all her limbs , wished to delay her lover ; but milady , with her ear on the watch , had heard the noise d ’ artagnan had made , and opening the door , said , “ come in . ” joy , and advanced toward his wife with open arms . does he	86.57052612304688
reside , pray ? ” with m. baptistin , give me the refusal of him . ” am , ” said the young man , “ with a promising future and a little money . albert , “ here he comes . ? ” the chevalier d ’ humieres , who are destined to enter the light cavalry and who have only received as yet for their equipment their white cloaks . ” man , who seemed to have fainted . signor pastrini , ” said albert , lighting a second cigar at the first , “ that this practice is very convenient for bandits , and that it seems to be due to an arrangement of their own . ” gentle and docile as lambs . ”	89.50445556640625
hope , ” said danglars , “ but consider it a settled thing , if no obstacle arises on your part . ” . ” monsieur du vallon , whom i like much ; let him accompany you . ” the postillion who had driven her , and found him . the world . ” see ; i promise you i will sustain my part to admiration . ” favorable opportunity to repair his intrusion . d ’ artagnan , ” said the cardinal ; “ all goes well in this direction . ” the carriage was waiting at the door . , i repeat , for you seek to persuade me , and if you succeed i should lose my reason , for i should hope that	65.84170532226562
i could again behold valentine . ” . to say to you . penetration of <unk> or the <unk> to have divined the irony the count concealed beneath these words , apparently uttered with the greatest politeness . on the spot . means which i will not employ but in the last extremity to close your mouth , or at least to prevent anyone from believing a word you may utter . ’ tears in their eyes . suppose he possesses ? ” one bed , were awakened by the noise , and fixing their eyes upon the spot whence the sound proceeded , they saw a man . , and the fruits crushed , strewed the floor . the best use of his time while he had	139.3125457763672
the means of labor , he continued to work without ceasing . kindness on the part of the count , ” said beauchamp , “ and i have brought some weapons which i bought eight or ten days since , thinking to want them on a similar occasion . are but <unk> for an <unk> ” said albert ; “ but we are not superstitious . promise you that . ” refused them . i see , ” said the cardinal ; “ we must be discreet with this sort of letters ; but nevertheless , we may show them to a confessor , and you know i have taken orders . ” i say to the king ? ” child ’ s hand . were , the	66.49535369873047
two friends expected to find the same misery , the same fears , the same intrigue in the enemy ’ s camp ; but what was their surprise , after passing saint denis , to hear that at saint germain people were singing and laughing , and leading generally cheerful lives . ’ artagnan , ” said kitty , in a voice full of compassion , and pressing anew the young man ’ s hand . the cavalier ; “ <unk> <unk> . ” time he gave up his search , and gaetano smiled . buckingham count , ” said morcerf , “ what i admire in you is , not so much your riches , for perhaps there are people even <unk> than yourself , nor is	96.53303527832031
it only your wit , for beaumarchais might have possessed as much , —but it is your manner of being served , without any questions , in a moment , in a second ; it is as if they guessed what you wanted by your manner of ringing , and made a point of keeping everything you can possibly desire in constant readiness . ” for a while will be again stretched forth to save me at the very moment when i shall think myself sinking into the abyss . ” with a party of musketeers , up the rue du coq , and the portion of the mob he assailed disappeared like smoke , <unk> near the place saint <unk> ’ <unk> and taking the direction of	146.06674194335938
the quays . ” said danglars , after he had convinced himself of the authenticity of the documents he held , and rising as if to salute the power of gold personified in the man before him , — “ three letters of unlimited credit ! , ” said the queen . times , ” said louis xviii. , smiling , “ is a thing very easy to meditate , but more difficult to conduct to an end , inasmuch as , re-established so recently on the throne of our ancestors , we have our eyes open at once upon the past , the present , and the future . , and wrapping herself in her <unk> of white cashmere embroidered with pearls and coral , she hastily	148.2779083251953
quitted the box at the moment when the curtain was rising upon the fourth act . ” replied monte cristo ; “ but i perceive i have not much to teach you . you when you put into the port of elba ? ” villefort , <unk> the tones of his voice , “ a marriage once concerted and then broken off , throws a sort of <unk> on a young lady ; then again , the old reports , which i was so anxious to put an end to , will instantly gain ground . it attentively . , my hands were full , your honor . ” ” said the king , “ cease your tears . ” bazin , “ i have been taught by	86.76380920410156
the good jesuit fathers that it is permitted to tell a falsehood when it is told in a good cause . ” present possession of the letter . a good deed ! my lord , to do so ? ” d ’ artagnan . ” porthos , “ ’ twill be at least a little change from beer . ” be free ! ” you , madame ? ” said athos , laughing ; “ he has insulted you , and he shall die ! ” d ’ artagnan may not have betrayed us to the cardinal ? , and morrel at the same moment darted out at the other door . buckingham dead or grievously wounded ; your conversation with the cardinal overheard by the four musketeers	77.673583984375
; lord de winter warned of your arrival at portsmouth ; d ’ artagnan and athos to the bastille ; aramis the lover of madame de chevreuse ; porthos an ass ; madame bonacieux found again ; to send you the chaise as soon as possible ; to place my lackey at your disposal ; to make you out a victim of the cardinal in order that the abbess may entertain no suspicion ; armentières , on the banks of the lys . ” said the young girl , “ take some of this lemonade ; i see you are coveting a good draught of it . ” had only been there since <unk> . and albert among the rest . ’ s <unk> i shall find you	118.72769165039062
to-morrow at charenton ? ” down the declivity of the faubourg , but on arriving at the bottom were surprised to find that the streets of paris had become rivers , and the open places <unk> ; after the great rains which fell in january the seine had overflowed its banks and the river inundated half the capital . ” said albert , turning to franz , “ here is an admirable adventure ; we will fill our carriage with pistols , blunderbusses , and double-barrelled guns . were set at work in all directions , and almost immediately the authorities in every district had exerted their utmost endeavors to arrest the murderer of caderousse . the army , a separate command had to be given to each	232.32489013671875
. least ; i know of none which cavalcanti possesses , excepting his palace in lucca . ” , he had acquired the protection and good will of the queen ; but the favor of the queen was at the present time an additional cause of persecution , and her protection , as it was known , protected <unk> witness chalais and mme . for obtaining a copy of or access to a project gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement , you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.e.8 . off a young girl , the daughter of a <unk> of frosinone .	140.52996826171875
motives that person may have for trying to extract all he can from you ? ” to your beautiful duchess ; i will detain you no longer . ” horses , fresh , strong , and fully equipped . he exclaimed , “ thy vengeance is sometimes delayed , but only that it may fall the more <unk> ” ali looked at his master for further instructions . ? ” a town or village is written in her hand ! ” cried athos . chair . his men were assembled on deck . gutenberg ebook the count of monte cristo , illustrated *** part of this project gutenberg™ electronic work , you indicate that you have read , understand , agree to and accept all the terms of	146.47650146484375
this license and intellectual property ( trademark/copyright ) agreement . believing in the reality of her opposition and was unwilling to deprive himself in his own view of the credit of her conversion . we shall find the count at home ? ” ” said mme . wisdom of the queen and that of her <unk> to suppose that they will leave the capital long in trouble that may lead to a revolution . ” , that is another thing . ’ your oldest friends . ” you must go to blois and you must make your excuses and mine to madame de saint-remy . ” . you must know i can not possibly live out of lucca ; therefore i shall return to italy as soon as	106.8038330078125
i can . ” to them , if you stand in need of help ? ” always on your guard . looking at us are only merchants , ” said athos , “ and are looking more at the cargo than at us . ” away ; i can see in the dark . ” of our equipage , by tomorrow it might be too late . ” , madame , he was too proud of your prudence , and above all , of your love . ” made a lunge , and touched his adversary on the shoulder . ’ s horses , and have your own gallant steeds led along carefully by hand , at short stages . ” indeed the same , ” said he	94.83064270019531
; “ and now , am i to rely upon an avowal extorted by religious or physical terror ? to leave me at such a time ? ” <unk> to do with us ? ” and examining the smallest object with serious attention , he thought he could trace , on certain rocks , marks made by the hand of man . my liberty , after having deprived me of death , after having recalled me to existence , my god , have pity on me , and do not let me die in despair ! ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and you mentioned it to me ; but who knows what has become of him ? to my betrothed . ” scotchman !	99.34858703613281
” was grimaud ’ s laconic reply . me alone you have taken the trouble to cross the channel ? ” and master , du vallon de bracieux de pierrefonds ! ” off on a full trot , urging on his horse by the blows of a <unk> , which he was in the habit of using instead of a riding whip . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ you , monsieur le comte de la fere , to the right of monsieur groslow . of the king and queen of france , and form part of the company of monsieur dessessart , who , as well as his brother-in-law , monsieur de tréville , is particularly attached to their majesties . ; but as if	74.05818176269531
they likewise mistrusted each other , they kept their respective distances . ” returned the count ; and he drew from his pocket a marvellous casket , formed out of a single emerald and closed by a golden lid which <unk> and gave passage to a small greenish colored <unk> about the size of a <unk> . marseilles ; he is now at toulouse . ” for word , a sentence which he had heard from the comte de rochefort ; but the poor wife , who had reckoned on her husband , and who , in that hope , had answered for him to the queen , did not tremble the less , both at the danger into which she had nearly cast herself and at the	129.47535705566406
helpless state to which she was reduced . looked at her in his turn , and appeared surprised to see that face , just before so beautiful , distorted with passion and almost hideous . feet from the ground , as the gentlemen below had told him . cheap <unk> is in italy ; i should think a fowl is worth about twelve sous at <unk> , ” he said , throwing a louis down . ” said the swiss . this : — ‘ i swear by my honor not to reveal to anyone what i have seen and heard on the 5th of february , 1815 , between nine and ten o ’ clock in the evening ; and i plead guilty of death should i	157.59149169921875
ever <unk> this <unk> ’ ” the general appeared to be affected by a nervous tremor , which prevented his answering for some moments ; then , overcoming his manifest repugnance , he pronounced the required oath , but in so low a tone as to be scarcely audible to the majority of the members , who insisted on his repeating it clearly and distinctly , which he did . said ; and m. bertuccio left enraptured , so great , so powerful , and real was the influence exercised by this man over all who surrounded him . ” asked the queen . andrea , “ who knows ? ” , sir . ” ” my service , monsieur bertuccio . ” athos , “ put yourself	145.16900634765625
at the head of the troop and beware of the monk . ” more , adieu , ” said morrel . ” he asked ; “ do either of these gentlemen know where he is ? ” , ” exclaimed laporte , “ monsieur d ’ artagnan is right . ” of two things must have happened ; he must either have fallen flat , in which case the blow , from a height of ninety feet , must have killed him instantly , or he must have fallen upright , and then the weight would have dragged him to the bottom , where he <unk> fellow ! ” your eminence wish to escort you ? ” all been performed at the door , and there was no	74.25096130371094
address given , the party all separated ; château-renaud , albert , and morrel , went one way , and debray and beauchamp the other . m. de château-renaud ? ” the culprit , if you find him , i will say to you , ‘ you are a magistrate , do as you will ! ’ ” and your masters commanded me to <unk> ” before this majestic spectacle , as if he now beheld it for the first time ; and indeed since his captivity in the château d ’ if he had forgotten that such scenes were ever to be witnessed . request ? ” boast of it , ” said andrea , who , without becoming angry , as caderousse feared , at this	115.6902084350586
new extortion , quietly resigned the ring . secret to remain with us ? very desirous of a visit from the commissary of police , for , in italy , justice is only paid when <unk> france she is paid only when she speaks . race ? ” murmured he ; “ abandon my purpose at the moment of its accomplishment ? athos . in enthusiastic gratitude , whilst her daughter threw her arms around her mother ’ s neck and kissed her—her own eyes streaming with tears . got rid of the dangerous and the crazy prisoner at the same time ? ” king ’ s hand , but charles clasped his and pressed it to his heart . the doctor , with increased vehemence , “	169.64273071289062
there are occasions when i dispense with all foolish human <unk> . can not imagine how my mind is harassed . state prevents our speaking to him on any subjects , which the weakness of his mind would <unk> him from understanding , and i am perfectly convinced that at the present time , although , he knows that his granddaughter is going to be married , m. noirtier has even forgotten the name of his intended <unk> ” m. de villefort had scarcely said this , when the door opened , and barrois appeared . cristo surrounds me with every paternal care , and i am ignorant of nothing which passes in the world . ” his face , and from time to time he put a	124.64141082763672
handkerchief to his mouth to wipe away the blood that <unk> from it . , duke , leave me , go ! of our family are arranged , as we hope they will be , i believe she will run the risk of being damned , and will return to those she regrets , particularly as she knows they are always thinking of her . you ? aramis , “ this falls out very well . ” are you telling me ? ” , which , enclosed between two <unk> , and <unk> by the <unk> <unk> of the <unk> , seemed , but for the difficulties of its descent , that path to <unk> of which virgil speaks . ” said she , starting at madame danglars	99.38715362548828
’ touch as she would have done from an electric shock . ” dead , let fall his head and disappeared . had come for the purpose of shooting goats , which he had utterly forgotten . your father ’ s ? ” a feeling of faintness came over villefort . , who have made a sortie from newcastle and are surrounding us ! ” exclaimed athos . think so . ” so good a bargain as he at first hoped for , but he made amends by slipping in two bottles of anjou wine instead of two bottles of champagne . , while porthos broke the bottles and aramis gave orders , a little too late , that a confessor should be sent for . to listen	172.2475128173828
. prince ; ’ but listen . , and are able to give me advice ; yet i repeat to you , albert , be prudent . ” you have a very handsome mistress ! ” ; but on two conditions . ” the apartments destined for the fair greek , which were so effectually concealed by means of a tapestried entrance , that it would have puzzled the most curious to have divined their existence . ” ? ” said he with slight emotion . him on his entrance was aramis , planted near a great chair on castors , very large , covered with a canopy of tapestry , under which there moved , enveloped in a <unk> of brocade , a little face , <unk>	129.25686645507812
, very merry , somewhat pallid , whilst its eyes never ceased to express a sentiment at once lively , intellectual , and amiable . why these bars and these doors ? we failed , we were beaten , and that is a blemish on our reputation . ” you ever thought that seven times 1,700,000 francs make nearly twelve millions ? after speaking in a low voice to the lackey , who , instead of following them immediately , returned to their rooms . livery yesterday ? ” the warning , ” said the count ; “ i shall endeavor to be prepared for all <unk> . ” to get an exchange of arms , —to substitute the sword for the pistol ; the pistol is blind	188.3990936279297
. ” pleased , in order that the solemn declaration i have just made should not be withheld , which otherwise would certainly have been the case . out his own handkerchief , likewise a very elegant handkerchief , and of fine <unk> cambric was dear at the <unk> a handkerchief without embroidery and without arms , only ornamented with a single cipher , that of its proprietor . ” returned the young man , smiling ; “ on the contrary , i have one , but i expected the count would be tempted by one of the brilliant proposals made him , yet as he has not replied to any of them , i will venture to offer him a suite of apartments in a charming hotel	153.41064453125
, in the <unk> style , that my sister has inhabited for a year , in the rue meslay . ” who sought distraction , while traveling as fast as possible—for he was anxious to be in paris by the <unk> from time to time to fly the magpie , a pastime for which the taste had been formerly inspired in him by de luynes , and for which he had always preserved a great <unk> . . ” him ? ” three notes , and , as he sealed the last , the steward appeared . clock when dantès was placed in this chamber . the moon , <unk> by its decline , and reddened by the last traces of the storm , arose behind the little	114.66883087158203
town of armentières , which showed against its pale light the dark outline of its houses , and the skeleton of its high belfry . ” asked the young man . can write as much as you like ; you may become equal to monsieur de voiture and monsieur de benserade . name , and nothing else . ” , but it was easy to see , from the manner in which the hand that held the light trembled , how much it cost him to obey . . ” afraid that your good wishes will not be of great service to me . ” ! ” and communicated these ideas to him . of talking and for the pleasure of hearing himself talk . said d ’	98.0688705444336
artagnan to athos , “ entertain no further doubts about me ; i undertake all that concerns the king . ” ” upon you , my friend . journeyed along , a profound sadness weighed upon his heart . the priest , in a marked italian accent ; “ yes , i have heard that death is in that house . ” . , my lord , for in giving it to you i acted in opposition to my orders . ” how long a time ! —he had refrained from talking of the treasure , which had brought upon the abbé the accusation of madness . friend ! ” said aramis , “ you will find meagre fare ; you were not expected . ” , colonel	92.8531494140625
? ” deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness . difficult matter to arrange , ” said monte cristo . two , and saluted each other politely . dazzled . d ’ armilly , who is playing while mademoiselle danglars is in bed . ” into the nearest thicket , with a gesture of despair . last folly to be committed , ” said athos , “ seeing it is the only one for which there is no remedy . ” , but , as he was not especially interested in poetical ideas , he had gone into the garden , and was talking with major cavalcanti on the projected railway from leghorn to florence . she should marry m. franz d ’ <unk> she shall	129.35182189941406
marry him . ” enter , ” said mazarin , eagerly , on hearing their names pronounced ; “ and beg m. d ’ artagnan to wait ; i shall have further need of him . ” being as enthusiastic and confident as the old man . a <unk> procurator was a very rare variety in the species , smiled a little , and colored a great deal . the sensations experienced by valentine during the minute and a half madame de villefort remained in the room . a sword thrust , why then— ” , to remain here eternally ? ” demanded milady , with a certain terror . ” he asked . albert , emitting a volume of smoke and balancing his chair on its hind	142.986328125
legs , “ only madmen , or <unk> like us , ever do travel . fère ! ” murmured milady , becoming exceedingly pale , and drawing back till the wall prevented her from going any farther . then , to sleep on the floor ? ” asked gaston d ’ orleans , with a forced smile . join me at the champs-élysées , and lead me out of this house without anyone seeing my departure . ” son go , my lord ? ” had run , with the first instinct of a woman towards the man she loves , and who yet betrays her , <unk> could but give her advice , she must apply to someone more powerful than he . and gloomy , even	144.33438110351562
the mild countenance of aramis . made the sign of the cross , and lowering his face to the planks , as if he would have kissed them , said in a low tone , in french , “ comte de la fere , are you there ? ” do ? ” ? ” exclaimed porthos , in dismay . nor does it much disquiet me . ” hour she was completely out of sight ; at least , it was impossible for the wounded man to see her any longer from the spot where he was . monsieur chevalier , ” said she ; “ here we shall be alone , and can talk . ” for two reasons : the first is that you are a	59.77871322631836
gascon , and the second is that you are my son . i say ; —one never has too much ; —but , at the same time , my boy , i am as much obliged by your offer as if i took advantage of it . ” said he , “ who were repeating the whole of the sorrowful story ; from them i learned it all . ” monte cristo , “ i have indeed thought of you , but the <unk> wire i was guiding acted , indeed , without my knowledge . ” ? <unk> . , by all the gods , that she did not know aramis ; and a quarter of an hour after having made this assertion , he found her	81.290283203125
hanging on the arm of aramis . her , then ? ” asked rochefort , eagerly . he said , “ who enlisted in the musketeers under feigned names in order not to lower their family names . were informed of the honor accorded them . glance at d ’ artagnan which said , “ see how i suffer on your account ! ” in a maze , ” said porthos ; “ do _you_ approve of what d ’ artagnan has done ? ” , though , for an old and thin man , ” said one , as he raised the head . opened and mordaunt appeared on the threshold , face to face with d ’ artagnan . name seems certainly familiar . word ,	103.76383209228516
” said she in a concentrated voice , “ not a word of all that i have said to you to this man , or i am lost , and it would be <unk> ” sei della mattina le quattro mille piastre non sono nelle mie mani , alla sette il conte alberto avrà cessato di <unk> . artagnan had often headed the bourgeoisie against the military , but he was cured of all those hot-headed propensities ; besides , he had the cardinal ’ s hundred pistoles in his pocket , so he went into the hotel without a word . using him ill ? she would risk her liberty for me , and yet for what other cause could she have returned to paris ? ”	268.4311828613281
pronounced by athos , each with a sadder intonation . different <unk> , selected two written in a small and delicate hand , and enclosed in scented envelopes , opened them and perused their contents with some attention . the usurper left elba on the 26th february , and landed on the 1st of march . ” the navy and i have some vague notions about navigation . ” depart without her son . ” used to have ! . cæsar looked at him with an ironical air , which proved that he had anticipated all , and that the snare was well spread . my senses or not , ” answered franz , “ that is the way i feel . ” were easily seen from the	188.10125732421875
steps of the street-door . the detail , ” said she , “ because , having many relatives in business , i was almost sure of obtaining things at a hundred per cent less than you would pay yourself . ” i know what sort of vengeance ! albert , ” said debray , “ confess that your cook is <unk> , that the oysters have not arrived from ostend or <unk> , and that , like madame de <unk> , you are going to replace the dish by a story . ? ” what is this condition ? ” the first captive that had been shut up in this splendid prison ; but you may easily comprehend , felton , that the more superb the prison ,	116.91609191894531
the greater was my terror . to separate from the mass , advanced , grew in size , and as they <unk> up larger and larger , assumed the appearance of two horsemen . find any opportunity of saying something in my <unk> ” certain circumstances five minutes are five ages . ” i was four years making the tools i possess , and have been two years <unk> and digging out earth , hard as granite itself ; then what toil and fatigue has it not been to remove huge stones i should once have deemed impossible to loosen . milady . us ? ” asked milady . ’ s directions . ” horror upon this shameful metamorphosis , the man of the world shaking off his	236.9698028564453
covering and appearing as a galley-slave . said caderousse , drawing still nearer . king passed the ribbon down from left to right as usual , raised his sword , and instead of pronouncing the customary formula , “ i make you a knight . sir ; and i do not hesitate to say that no prayers will be more fervent than mine . ” allow him to absent himself more than two or three weeks together . ” , that you may be mistaken . ” de winter , laughing , “ that beautiful hair so skillfully disheveled , that white skin , and that languishing look , have not yet seduced you , you heart of stone ? ” pleasure , this noble and sincere countenance	148.4047393798828
, on which every sentiment his tongue uttered was depicted , adding by the expression of his fine features all that coloring adds to a sound and faithful drawing . cheerful . quarter of an hour , however , surprised at the length of the journey , she leaned forward toward the door to see whither she was being conducted . from the bandits , or should he wait patiently for them to propose it ? , “ you only know your dull and gloomy faubourg saint-germain ; do not pay any attention to him , <unk> in the chaussée d ’ antin , that ’ s the real centre of paris . ” does he say ? ” asked the prince . , i will join you	150.613525390625
there ere long . ” , m. de monte cristo is almost an oriental , and it is customary with the orientals to secure full liberty for revenge by not eating or drinking in the houses of their enemies . ” a burst of laughter from the auditors did not in the least <unk> the speaker , who continued , — “ yes , gentlemen ; edward , the infant phenomenon , who is quite an <unk> in the art of killing . ” the viscount of morcerf , advancing towards the countess , “ yesterday you were so condescending as to promise me a galop ; i am rather late in claiming this gracious promise , but here is my friend , whose character for veracity you	180.07083129882812
well know , and he will assure you the delay arose from no fault of mine . ” ” let me perish with hunger ? ” extended his hand to the bell-rope , to summon the servant whom his son had not called . of musketeers , very poor , and journeys cost money . before five o ’ clock ; despatch a messenger to apprise the grooms at the first station . vessel , which was rolling on the swell in the little harbor , and , with sails partly set , would be ready for sea when her toilet should be completed . remain in the house , my lord ? ” asked baptistin . rue fontaine-saint-georges . , ” said d ’ artagnan . ?	128.5889434814453
” scrutinizing gaze with slight astonishment on morrel . great deal , it seems to me . ” over the entrance to edward ’ s room , and his eye reaching as far as madame de villefort ’ s apartment , he beheld her extended lifeless on the floor . want it to show the abbé busoni . ” twenty francs to the seven you have ? ” do so ? ” everything relating to this young man is true . ” . prejudiced by his esquire , whose relative , as we already know , bernajoux <unk> that it was neither for m. de tréville nor the musketeers to complain , but , on the contrary , for him , whose people the musketeers had assaulted and	110.260009765625
whose hôtel they had endeavored to burn . caderousse , almost overcome by this fresh assault on his senses , rested , or rather dropped , his glass upon the table . answer might be prompt and favorable ; and having again recommended porthos to the care of mousqueton , and paid his bill to the host , he resumed his route with planchet , already relieved of one of his led horses . , it is true ; but of what value in the world was the reputation of the little wife of a mercer ? ” said danglars , tapping his fingers against the door , “ i think it is quite time to think of giving me something to eat ! ” upon her marvellous	138.6108856201172
escape been gone through when she wrote the following letter to madame danglars : — , are you of that opinion ? ” a jacobin more than anything else , ” said villefort , carried by his emotion beyond the bounds of prudence ; “ and the senator ’ s robe , which napoleon cast on his shoulders , only served to disguise the old man without in any degree changing him . for the others . us speak about it ; for it was agreed among us , once for all , that we should always hold together , though engaged on opposing sides . ” an air from <unk> , went to sit down on a bench , while bertuccio followed him , collecting his thoughts	160.5061798095703
. lifted the corner of her <unk> shield with which she covered herself and which rendered her so strong . another in audacity and gaiety . we must go out . ” more on the subject ; you tell me so , i believe you . aramis , “ so , as i am in a <unk> , i withdraw my proposition , so far as it relates to the voyage to rome and monseigneur ’ s resignation . ” returned danglars . scarron ? consisted in coining curses on the head of mazarin ; he even tried to make some verses on him , but soon gave up the attempt , for monsieur de beaufort had not only not received from heaven the gift of <unk> ,	108.53495025634766
he had the greatest difficulty in expressing himself in prose . returned the pistol to his belt , approached the lamp to be assured that it was the paper , unfolded it , and read : candle and went upstairs to his bedroom . i been so unfortunate as to displease your majesty ? ” asked m. de tréville , feigning the most profound astonishment . for he returned home crushed by the humiliation of a refusal . raised his eyes to heaven , and prayed fervently . then ? ” of course he will be set at liberty ; if guilty , why , it is no use involving ourselves in a conspiracy . ” want anybody else to talk to me . andrea leaped with a	140.05947875976562
lighter heart from the window , intending to slip through the hands of the gendarmes . <unk> mistaken the spot . d ’ artagnan and sleep overtook him also . when we escape together , that i shall go everywhere and be always first ; for if my lord should be overtaken and caught , there ’ s every chance of his being brought back to prison , whereas if i am caught the least that can befall me is to <unk> . ” not ? ” one ? ” , then , in half an hour , baron , and valentine will be ready . ” glass window , by the light of the cardinal ’ s lantern , which had been placed on the floor in	106.08203125
the midst of the gallery , they saw the orange and <unk> trees of the castle of rueil , in long lines , forming one great alley and two smaller side alleys . d ’ artagnan sold him for the nine livres did not conceal from the young man that he only gave that enormous sum for him on the account of the originality of his color . need of me , ” replied the coadjutor , bowing , “ her majesty knows i am at her command . ” i look to my turn for keeping guard with horror . it ? ” ? ” ? ” said d ’ artagnan . down the thames and in two hours are on the open sea . horse .	94.8520736694336
replied d ’ artagnan . the seals , séguier . ” pale . ! ” to have found you ! of ; only some said he was worth millions , and others that he did not possess a farthing . ” of so doing , ” said monte cristo . an air so thoughtful , and so full of affectionate admiration , that she turned back and grasped his hand ; at the same time she seized that of her son , and joined them together . ” said the man , “ open . , and what he had missed gaining , made the difference of a million to danglars . the abbé , with a stifled sigh , “ mercédès it was . ” she ,	67.93524169921875
“ it is superfluous for me to tell you that valentine ’ s marriage is broken off , since it was here that the affair was concluded . ” he to my mother , trembling <unk> , ‘ the instant <unk> which will decide everything . me , monseigneur , and be merciful ! like the appearance of a <unk> , <unk> some misfortune to the world . ” madame de villefort , whose eyes sparkled with strange fire at this conversation . ” beauchamp , “ i have not considered the question ; a totally different subject interests me . ” danglars , “ it is my fault ; i have chosen my visit at a wrong time , and will retire . ” jailer ’ s	72.80228424072266
taste , as it spared him the necessity of making another trip . some giant had <unk> them with blows from a hatchet . own horse , nine against <unk> how <unk> formed an idea of staking yours . ” you i had had that dream ? may laugh , but as long as we were within gunshot of the pier or of the vessels lying by it i was looking for a frightful discharge of musketry which would crush us . ” , i presume ? ” full of powder instead of having a cargo of wine , grimaud hastened to awake d ’ artagnan , who had no sooner beheld him than he perceived that something extraordinary had taken place . hope he will do something	199.94842529296875
for the sake of their honor , ” said the queen . stopped , having reached cours la reine . my honor , and consequently my life . ” i die to-morrow at ten o ’ clock ? ” me ? ” to be hanged in your true name , milady ? murmured valentine . were in the capital . i shake hands with you , saying , ‘ beauchamp , acknowledge you have injured me , and retain my friendship , ’ or must i simply propose to you a choice of arms ? ” be entire strangers to one another and indifferent to the precautions taken for guarding the king . , melted into tears in a corner of the room . nevertheless . ” said	103.65227508544922
d ’ artagnan , “ we must not leave this person the slightest pretext for <unk> badly , which , with all due respect , i fancy he is anxious still to do . ” over his whole person , rendered still more interesting the man whose eyes or mouth , even in the most complete intoxication , had never revealed anything , however skillfully questions had been put to him . little inlaid casket which stood upon the dressing table , opened it with a feverish and trembling hand , drew from it a small poniard , with a golden <unk> and a sharp thin blade , and then threw herself with a bound upon d ’ artagnan . resemble the disciples of <unk> in one thing	169.37576293945312
[ people spoke in this style in 1815 ] , that of not being able to call a day my own , not even that of my betrothal . ” the air of a man who says , “ in that case things look ill. ” then he exclaimed , turning to his men : ? ” after the feast , with the <unk> of which he repaired his own long abstinence ; but when in the evening he made his master ’ s bed , the chimeras of planchet faded away . ” d ’ artagnan . with all the speed its four rowers could give it , felton untied the cord and then the handkerchief which bound milady ’ s hands together . of a man	141.03041076660156
, mr. o ’ reilly ; but that is not all . d ’ artagnan , really carried away by the passion this woman had the power to <unk> in his heart , “ ah , that is because my happiness appears so impossible to me ; and i have such fear that it should fly away from me like a dream that i <unk> to make a reality of it . ” castle behind ; that was the principal thing . artagnan , shaking his head , said : what crime i have <unk> be tried ; and if i am guilty , to be shot ; if innocent , to be set at liberty . ” brow was the only trace of emotion that charles evinced	106.03115844726562
, as he learned these tidings . are . two who remained ; then , when they had passed , he brought up the rear , and on his face was a smile , which , if they could have understood it , would have alarmed them much more than a visit to the room they were about to enter . , called rocca priori , ” said the principal friar . wait . ” me that ? ” replied the stranger , with a coolness which was barely civil . of his carbine against his left hand . his fortune mentioned ? ” , d ’ artagnan started , and half drawing his sword , sprang toward the door . a fruit so rare that i trust	79.03435516357422
, monsieur de comminges , you will excuse my <unk> more eager since you have given us to understand that the news is good . ” , ” said porthos , holding out his hand , which d ’ artagnan took and shook in his . with him on saturday , which was a very natural thing for him to do . <unk> pages for current donation methods and addresses . have just received on the subject ; shall it be read , or shall it be passed over ? have the honor of taking my leave of you , mademoiselle , solemnly assuring you that i wish your life may be so calm , so happy , and so fully occupied , that there may be no	112.71796417236328
place for me even in your memory . ” was as well cleared as the right , and they drew up the blind of the window which mazarin , less heroic than the king , had taken the precaution to lower . returning to the officer , said : of monte cristo ’ s attention , for he made three rapid steps in the chamber , and stopped suddenly before it . you are right in every particular ! ” <unk> me with myself . matters when porthos summoned him to dinner . aramis , “ for we not only require to be well served in order to succeed , but moreover , not to fail ; for in case of failure , heads are in question ,	103.35723114013672
not for our <unk> ” , ” repeated athos , “ you who are her judges , what is the sentence you pronounce upon this woman ? ” about it . ” along the road , but as the road was long , they were placed at six or eight feet distant from each other and one deep only . a musketeer ; i feel it , monsieur , and that impels me on . ” morrel ; god is speaking to your heart , and your heart speaks to you . the guns of the louvre announced the departure of the king , and then a movement , similar to that of trees in a stormy wind that bend and writhe with agitated tops , ran though	111.00208282470703
the multitude , which was compressed behind the immovable muskets of the guard . for when you have gained your epaulets on the battle-field , you do not know how to manœuvre on the slippery grounds of the salons . ; i intend going there soon , and since you allow me , i will pay you a visit . ” ? ” behind the chartreux , when it would have been better if you had been elsewhere . ” said aramis , “ have you not learned by the letter you found on the wretched corpse that she is in a convent ? come from cadiz . ” may have much to suffer , but i feel as if my grandfather ’ s look at that moment	102.89989471435547
would more than compensate for all . ” was a tremendous peal of thunder , while the livid lightning illumined the room , and the thunder , rolling away in the distance , seemed to withdraw <unk> from the cursed abode . praises . aramis ; it will be time for you to perceive my motive when we have paid our visit to the coadjutor . ” <unk> and printed and given <unk> may do <unk> anything in the united states with ebooks not protected by u.s. copyright law . you find me so ignorant a _cicerone_ , ” replied morcerf , “ but i am reluctantly obliged to confess , i have nothing further to <unk> , stay , i do know one thing more , namely	164.57052612304688
, that she is a musician , for one day when i chanced to be breakfasting with the count , i heard the sound of a <unk> is impossible that it could have been touched by any other finger than her own . ” ” added he , looking gratefully at villefort , “ to be examined by such a man as you ; for this envious person is a real <unk> ” and by the rapid glance that the young man ’ s eyes shot forth , villefort saw how much energy lay hid beneath this mildness . i understand very well , ” ejaculated the baroness ; “ never , i swear to you . ” , the pure parliament . ” ” and with an	94.31159973144531
impertinent smile asked , “ have you any message for your father , mademoiselle danglars , for in all probability i shall return to paris ? ” when d ’ artagnan made such a furious lunge at him that if he had not sprung nimbly backward , it is probable he would have jested for the last time . the return of this much loved boy had changed his fears to hopes . some paintings . lost their lives lost nothing ? —m . d ’ artagnan , “ what did i tell you ? he never liked me since the day when i was silly enough , after a little quarrel we had , to propose to him to stop for ten minutes at the island of	143.67648315429688
monte cristo to settle the <unk> proposition which i was wrong to suggest , and he quite right to refuse . that i was ignorant of that , madame . ” . ” , passing over the insults , <unk> the <unk> , and , when hatred overflowed all bounds and the accuser turned executioner beforehand , replying with a smile of lofty scorn . cristo , he fell into profound gloom . , “ you will withdraw , and place yourself at once under arrest . ” ” the door opened , and a coachman appeared . said athos , “ i have nothing to say against a retreat . ” said he . dear m. noirtier , you intend leaving your fortune to your grandson ,	89.71366119384766
edward de villefort ? ” hands , not only a defensive weapon , but still more frequently an offensive one ; the one serves against all their physical sufferings , the other against all their enemies . king , and you know laporte has told us twenty times that he himself is in need of almost everything . ” negligence and severely <unk> . cried d ’ artagnan , recognizing the handwriting . one , two , or three more are added ? token of assent . mind ! ” resumed the cardinal , with a smile which indicated that he knew the story as well as he who wished to relate it . oh , if you loved me , that would be too great happiness ,	143.6073760986328
and i should run mad . the double instinct of woman and mother guessed all ; but as she was prudent and strong-minded she concealed both her sorrows and her fears . , ” said the count ; “ he to whom you have confided your <unk> from whom death would have separated you , calls you to him . the brow of bonacieux , but so slight that d ’ artagnan did not perceive it . the duke , too much astonished to believe it true . saw him until a few days since , and am not responsible for him . ” recover a lost and adored son . ’ ” ” continued morrel , answering his own thoughts . ! ” he cried , “	110.63651275634766
no boat ! ” towards heaven . confess it does , ” replied d ’ artagnan . champagne and gave it to him . the lobby ? ’ said the president . , exchanging charming smiles . with going to fetch the duke and conducting him to the louvre , was abducted . of nordlingen , they had experienced nothing but reverses ; the parliament had a plea for calling mazarin to account for imaginary victories , always promised , ever deferred ; but this time there really had been fighting , a triumph and a complete one . without making any answer ( for the tremulousness of his voice would have betrayed his emotion ) walked up and down the apartment with a slow step . left	177.0220489501953
the house . you , count , ” said danglars , “ that i have hitherto imagined myself acquainted with the degree of all the great fortunes of europe , and still wealth such as yours has been wholly unknown to me . villefort , “ alas , doctor , how often has man ’ s justice been deceived by those fatal words . occupied was a circular space , exposing an iron ring let into a square flag-stone . hours , as porthos did not come , not any news of him , they resumed their journey . at least ten . the midst of the spectators of this unexpected scene , it would not have surprised them more than did albert ’ s declaration . ,	151.71759033203125
for he mistook fever for energy . dear monsieur louvieres . ” . said albert . glittered in his hand , and he sprang upon his adversary , whom , thanks to his great youthfulness , he hoped to intimidate . captain groslow to colonel harrison and from colonel harrison to his friends . ? count benedetto . woman , and still more , a mother . to me ! ” said the young man . i do , ” said athos ; “ i not only approve of what he has done , but i congratulate him upon it . ” the king ’ s guards , company dessessart , is expected at the palais-cardinal this evening , at eight o ’ clock . forgotten , but	87.23927307128906
mixed up and confused with ancient recollections . respect . blaisois , “ i can ? me , ” said franz ; “ i am a friend of the count ’ s . ” into a broken down old man , with <unk> nose and eyes that <unk> ; we shall find him extended on some lawn , whence he will look at us with a languid eye and <unk> will not recognize us . , ” stammered milady , “ i am not really very intimate with any of them . reason ! will be war , civil war , furious , devouring , implacable ? ” from ? ” , ” said he ; “ for the second time i give you your life . ”	87.12358093261719
project gutenberg literary archive foundation and how your efforts and donations can help , see sections 3 and 4 and the foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org . ” in the prisoner ’ s room , a gag in his mouth and a poniard near him . ” to date contact information can be found at the foundation ’ s website and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact ’ clock in the morning and the coadjutor returned home . , then , since last evening , count ? ” ” said he ; “ she must have returned to the louvre . ” it arrived and i never received it until the month of april , <unk> ; and as the invitation was for september , 1646 , i couldn ’	168.2603759765625
t accept it . ! ” exclaimed baptistin eagerly . ? ” asked the count . ” he said , “ i am not a lawyer , i am a mere soldier , and probably , therefore , i do not quite comprehend the value of certain words ; i ought to have said the wishes , and not the will , of the people . shall send this evening to your eminence in order to <unk> the troop of monsieur de comminges , the ten men you demand . so ? ” formerly . he , with one of his most charming smiles , “ having finished talking to the father-in-law , i must address myself to the banker . ” silken curtains , walls hung with	73.21248626708984
velvet drapery , and the soft perfume of burning wood , the white smoke of which <unk> itself in graceful <unk> around the room , the appearance of the <unk> cell which greeted his eyes on awakening seemed like the <unk> of some disagreeable dream . well , and enough for today ; before we proceed further , someone must be informed that you know the ravisher of your wife . ” dantès , who almost fancied he had to do with one gifted with supernatural powers ; still hoping to find some <unk> which might bring him down to a level with human beings , he added , “ then if you were not furnished with pens , how did you manage to write the work you	190.5266571044922
speak of ? ” i hastened to the river , sat down on the bank , and with my knife forced open the lock of the box . , was obliged to disperse the remains of his army and to fly , disguised as a servant . ” exclaimed the monarch . she was faithless , and had married one of the persecutors of her betrothed . that is needed ; it is prudence . ” which swung to and fro with the rolling of the vessel , were a pot of beer and three glasses . good idea , for it isn ’ t warm . ” perceive something on the ground at a distance ; he ventured to call , and it seemed to him that	102.86913299560547
the wind wafted back an almost inarticulate sigh . then ? ” the door of communication opened violently . we have before mentioned rose high above the wall , without in any way affecting the growth of other luxuriant shrubs and flowers that eagerly dressed forward to fill up the vacant <unk> , as though <unk> their right to enjoy the boon of light and air . for athos , ” said d ’ artagnan to the <unk> aramis , when he had informed him of all that had passed since their departure from the capital , and an excellent dinner had made one of them forget his thesis and the other his fatigue . in the worthy picard , at one time so great , diminished day	207.74331665039062
by day . s duchess is dressed by her husband ’ s clerks , ” said d ’ artagnan , laughing . of assent . does he live ? ” asked comminges . julie morrel ? ” inquired the man , with a strong italian accent . mordaunt , “ it might have been some personal enemy of the king , who had made a vow of vengeance and accomplished it in this way . ? windows looking into the street , albert could see all that passed ; the sight of what is going on is necessary to young men , who always want to see the world traverse their horizon , even if that horizon is only a public <unk> . and succeeded ; she would	81.92769622802734
have seduced a saint . see them ? ” cried friquet , “ don ’ t you see ? grimaud , with his hair standing on end . an hour or thereabouts , a clerk came to put an end to his tortures , but not to his anxiety , by giving the order to conduct m. bonacieux to the chamber of examination . his head ; his resolution was made . to see you , to speak to you , to warn you against everyone , but especially against him . francs to save our father ’ s name from the chances of evil fortune and failure ? ’ ” said monte cristo , judging from the steward ’ s utter prostration that he could not stretch	89.93475341796875
the cord further without danger of breaking it . to it and made his preparations to depart . to close their eyes , which they half opened when their companion came in again . child , ” said the count in the romaic language . only wed a marchioness . ” that as long as you do me the honor to remain in my house i shall never speak to you about <unk> ” 5th of february ; she ought to have been here a month ago . ” felton , and you will have saved my honor ! ” for a lantern in a <unk> near , and by its light they examined the weapons . he gave me and the cross i took from his hand	108.93350982666016
; he desired they should be returned to the queen . ” on this dressing gown first , ” said the musketeer to his friend . ” but he will read a petition countersigned and presented by me . ” me , for i thought you took the liveliest interest in all my affairs ! ” he , as he retired as quickly as possible from the reproaches of kitty , “ i must not play the fool . but forgot to take the precaution to have a change of linen ready after the performance , ” said the coadjutor , “ so he took cold and is about to die . ” . recognized d ’ artagnan . remembrance of madame bonancieux left on his character a	109.64935302734375
certain poetic tinge , <unk> indeed ; for like all other recollections in this world , these impressions were , by degrees , effaced . reply , but with a haughty gesture the cardinal dismissed him . property . ” were worth more than the watch . came the next morning to my house , thinking that he had to do with an <unk> all other abbés . ” , here , has received a slight sword wound in the arm , but not enough to prevent him , as your eminence may see , from mounting to the assault tomorrow , if your eminence orders an escalade . ” to do ? ” asked the wounded man . ” threat of dying if edmond died , and	150.86143493652344
dropped again heavily on his seat . , ” cried felton , “ and do not speak to me thus ; i came to entreat you to promise me upon your honor , to swear to me by what you hold most sacred , that you will make no attempt upon your life . ” <unk> the ground , held in by the coachman , who had been seated a quarter of an hour on his box , the elegant phaeton with which we are familiar rapidly turned the angle of the <unk> , and cast out on the doorsteps m. andrea cavalcanti , as decked up and gay as if he were going to marry a princess . land where there is not a cloud in the	93.6288070678711
sky . ” abbé reflected long and earnestly . , ” answered caderousse , pouring out a glass of wine for fernand , and filling his own for the eighth or ninth time , while danglars had merely sipped his . , but , as usual , no one liked to take upon himself the responsibility of the attack . ” continued he , patting edmond ’ s shoulder kindly , “ you did very right , dantès , to follow captain leclere ’ s instructions , and touch at elba , although if it were known that you had conveyed a packet to the marshal , and had conversed with the emperor , it might bring you into trouble . ” heaven nor earth , ’ said	173.234619140625
the jeweller , who was outside the door . ” said milady , “ i confide in my brother ; i will dare <unk> ” about her : ‘ <unk> , <unk> <unk> ’ you know it , don ’ t you ? ” seen , through a crevice in his closet , that the whole apartment was in obscurity , than he slipped out of his concealment , at the very moment when kitty reclosed the door of communication . under the third . the noise . d ’ artagnan did not return home till five o ’ clock in the morning . , my son ; for your example has given me at the same time hope and courage . ” m. danglars ’ speeches ,	72.35504913330078
” said debray ; “ he votes for you , for he belongs to the opposition . ” contentedly , that it is not absolutely bad here , but for one thing , at least . ” ” said the count , when valentine had left the room , “ was it on my account that you sent mademoiselle de villefort away ? ” ” returned villefort , “ my profession , as well as the times in which we live , compels me to be severe . warn you that the first man that comes within the length of my <unk> my sword is <unk> rip him up . ” ” said the queen . though i am . ” anything for copies of this ebook ,	65.64781188964844
complying with the trademark license is very easy . very active in the affair , and the prefect of police very much interested ; and , thanks to that interest , for which i am very grateful , they send me all the robbers of paris and the neighborhood , under pretence of their being caderousse ’ s murderers , so that in three months , if this continues , every robber and assassin in france will have the plan of my house at his fingers ’ ends . an instant , and the sum was sent to the frontier of piedmont , with a passport signed for italy . carnival at venice ; there we are sure of obtaining <unk> if we can not have carriages .	200.70028686523438
” the weight of his anguish , fell heavily on his knees before the bed , which his fingers grasped with convulsive energy . ” i believe , to a political cause . ” the second after attending the first , ” said d ’ artagnan . a man start from the shadow when he was <unk> <unk> vain did he see an arm raised as he touched the ground . person whom you suspect ? ” he may be , he will give you at least eight hundred pistoles . , too , ” added d ’ artagnan , seeing the delight that his intelligence gave the young man . ? sir . ” two <unk> and silence . of the cupboards in valentine ’ s room	85.91657257080078
, which had been transformed into a medicine closet , and taking from its silver case a small bottle of <unk> acid , dropped a little of it into the liquor , which immediately changed to a blood-red color . we have come to , mother ? ” ” said athos . the countess to pieces ; he tied her hands behind her , and hanged her on a tree . ” group of which her husband formed the centre . and the sun seemed to cover it with its fiery glance ; afar off , a few small fishing boats studded the bosom of the blue ocean . . ” that ? horse under the arch of the bridge . that yesterday i would not take the	144.54981994628906
two hundred francs . ” twenty-five or twenty-six years of age , of <unk> countenance , <unk> to his superiors , insolent to his subordinates ; and this , in addition to his position as responsible agent on board , which is always <unk> to the sailors , made him as much disliked by the crew as edmond dantès was beloved by them . as must have been already perceived , who made but little noise , and yet was much sought after . very easily arranged . . ” the queen . <unk> you understand ? ” , monsieur ? the baroness . in return for your story , ” continued noirtier , “ i will tell you another . ” i wish you to contradict this	97.54113006591797
<unk> ” beauchamp looked at albert with a benevolent expression . ” said the gascon . chance , ” replied planchet , “ but we must not despair of the mercy of god . ” , ” cried aramis . she intoxicated . ; and milady saw him appear , pale as usual , but with his eye inflamed and almost wild . , ” said d ’ artagnan , shrugging his shoulders . ruin , fool , i should drag you to the first <unk> ; besides , when that note is delivered , in all probability you will have no more to fear . ” cried aramis , turning around ; “ what a noise behind us ! ” ” murmured cromwell ; “ the french	68.22468566894531
fight well ; and if my glass was good and i mistake not , they were foremost in the fight . ” to see this ball . ” cried raoul . then ? ” said the priest , with a show of interest , glancing round as he spoke at the <unk> furnishings of the apartment . <unk> velvet , with buttons of cut gold ; a silk waistcoat covered with embroidery ; a roman scarf tied round his neck ; a <unk> worked with gold , and red and green silk ; <unk> velvet breeches , fastened above the knee with diamond buckles ; <unk> of <unk> , worked with a thousand arabesques , and a hat <unk> hung ribbons of all colors ; two watches hung	197.33956909179688
from his girdle , and a splendid poniard was in his belt . i have come to a decision . ” uttered a terrible cry . debray , “ it is nearly six months since we have been associated . said aramis , “ it is an absolution according to rule . ” clock , maximilian ; thank heaven that you came at noon rather than in the evening , or tomorrow morning . minute or two , it appeared to d ’ artagnan that m. dessessart made him a sign to approach . his travelling carriage , albert , fearing that his expected guest might forget the engagement he had entered into , placed in the care of a waiter at the hotel a card to be	109.41583251953125
delivered to the count of monte cristo , on which , beneath the name of viscount albert de morcerf , he had written in pencil : said , ‘ five hundred crowns for the <unk> ’ well , let ’ s say no more about it . to fall into company with mordaunt , whom i bade you distrust ? ” asked athos . ” answered mordaunt , “ you know the french proverb , ‘ nothing one does not do one ’ s self is ever well done. ’ i shall abide by that rule . ” leclere ! murmured coquenard , and he tried to smile . , and when i am thoroughly drunk my mania is to relate all the lugubrious stories which my foolish	149.8152313232422
nurse <unk> into my brain . ” said the honest servant , “ it was monsieur aramis who posted me here to take care of the horses . ” ” answered albert in a firm tone . ” rejoined monte cristo , “ that however thomson & french may be inclined to commit acts of imprudence and folly , the baron danglars is not disposed to follow their example . ” and opened it . milady to herself ; “ without thinking what it is , he calls it a crime ! ” then aloud , “ the friend of that wretch is capable of everything . ” live ; i shall struggle to the very last ; i will yet win back the happiness of which i	108.85417175292969
have been deprived . charged eleven times in person . ” the servant , “ i have a favour to ask you . ” where raoul had been but once ; at the court , which raoul had never seen ; his follies as page ; two duels , which he had already found the means of fighting , in spite of the edicts against them and , more especially , in spite of his tutor ’ s <unk> things excited the greatest curiosity in raoul . friend ? so just now ; the idea came over my mind , and as mademoiselle entered the sight of her was an additional ray of light thrown on a confused remembrance ; excuse the remark . ” your recompense ,	145.05496215820312
’ said the traveller , offering the young herdsman some small pieces of money . of the highest ladies in the <unk> ; she was also one of the greatest beauties at court . excellency . ” said , “ he is mad ! ” and as though he feared that the walls of the accursed house would crumble around him , he rushed into the street , for the first time doubting whether he had the right to do as he had done . this worthy signor . french , half oriental , set off his graceful and <unk> figure , and his broad chest was decorated with the order of the legion of honor . the resolution of believing for the present all that was said	130.12933349609375
of their past , hoping for more certain and extended revelations in the future . the introduction , in which the speaker announced that his communication would be of that vital importance that it demanded the <unk> attention of the house ; but at the mention of yanina and colonel fernand , he turned so frightfully pale that every member shuddered and fixed his eyes upon him . monsieur de la trémouille , from the duke himself . seated himself again and wrote a letter , which he secured with his special seal . the queen took out of prison . ” to come to the opera , doubtless that i might be a witness to the insult he meant to offer you . ” the table ,	143.19996643066406
ate but little , and drank only water . am not <unk> , ” cried he , “ and am detained here until my death ? right not to return to it . leaders of the fronde he had not gone so far but that retreat was possible should the court offer him the advantages for which he was ambitious and to which the <unk> was but a <unk> . ” betrayed that perfect confidence which contradicted the girlish simplicity of this modest attire . the activity , and more particularly the hatred , of buckingham . over me in my sleep , that all was completed . in the streets at this hour only ventures out to meet her lover . ” asked raoul , astonished .	173.2759246826172
descended ; the carriage awaited them at the door , filled with sweetmeats and bouquets . signal . ” had been closed on morrel ’ s entrance , it was again opened for the count . effect the opening of the cupboard , of which the lock was difficult , the person was pricked by this small point , and died next day . ! _ tell me , how can i do otherwise ? ” pistoles . ring on his finger , and again waited ; it was evident that all was not yet over . a nubian ? ” asked debray . life , the life of the woman he loved ; this was , in case of ill fortune , a means of <unk> and	88.75843811035156
obtaining good conditions . three more such adventures , and i do not despair of seeing you a member of the academy . ” , if you really have business here , to wait till we have finished our repast , or to come again a short time hence ; unless , which would be far better , you form the salutary resolution to quit the side of the rebels , and come and drink with us to the health of the king of france . ” him into the capital . it ; i do not want it , ” said the old man . a look which was by no means difficult to understand . , sir , to see the telegraph ? ” he said	85.19200897216797
. but you have made my mouth water . in the chateau de pierrefonds ! ” danglars , “ one can not be held responsible for every chance arrow shot into the air . ” ’ artagnan ? ” maximilian , ” said she ; “ it is the counsel of a madman , and i should be more mad than you , did i not stop you at once with the word ‘ impossible , morrel , impossible ! ’ ” scene at armentieres , i thought i should find four <unk> for one , as i was to meet four executioners . ” , beauchamp , ” observed the young <unk> . misfortune occur ? ” inquired the latter , resuming the interrupted conversation . difficulty	85.82559204101562
in recognizing the person who presented himself at the door for admittance . have something to say to you. ” and he went out . artagnan , ” said aramis , “ represents among us the opposition in parliament , which always says no , and always does <unk> . ” is not he ? ” said she . as <unk> and dine with me ; we shall be a small <unk> yourself , my mother , and i . romans ! . him . did not understand him , giving way to his anger , “ monsieur , ” said he , “ you stand a chance of getting chastised if you <unk> musketeers in this fashion . ” and terror into an armchair . the more	87.29345703125
we gain , when we know how to wait . ” order to seize on something on which the conversation might turn , and seemed to fall easily on a topic . tranquillity and moderation , the count , making a signal to ali to follow him , went out by the side-gate and on reaching the bois de boulogne turned , apparently without design towards paris and at twilight ; found himself opposite his house in the champs-élysées . rue des lombards , who has great influence upon the commerce of his quarter . ” ; but i have already told you what that damned magician predicted . ” word of what i ’ m going to say to you , porthos . the most exact politeness	166.5970001220703
and the most perfect calmness . it ? ” replied aramis ; “ this evening , to-morrow , always ; command me . ” observed m. noirtier at one of the open windows , where the old man had been placed that he might enjoy the last rays of the sun which yet yielded some heat , and was now shining upon the dying flowers and red leaves of the <unk> which twined around the balcony . aware of , ” replied the young man , “ unless , indeed , any ill-feeling might have arisen from their being of opposite <unk> father was , as you know , a zealous partisan of the bourbons , while mine was wholly devoted to the emperor ; there could not	136.76431274414062
possibly be any other difference between them . , ” said the poor man , “ let me have the poire d ’ <unk> . me , mademoiselle julie ? ” said he . air she always breathed in her youth . ” her throat , leaving two gaping wounds from which , as well as the mouth , the blood was pouring in floods . , tearing your hair , instead of seeking to remedy your condition ; i did not think that was the way of your people . ” for the pleasure you give me in thus affording me the opportunity of thanking you as i have blessed you , from the bottom of my heart . ” the side of a pillar . ”	88.24397277832031
said milady , in a quick tone , but so piercing that d ’ artagnan heard her in the antechamber . the waiter did as he was desired . the iron gate and arrived in front of the chateau . , while your young man was insensible , you did not fail , i am quite sure , to ascertain what that pocket contained . thundering noise over the pavement , and everyone turned to notice the dazzling meteor . said raoul , coloring up , “ i did not wish to interrupt your highness in a conversation so important as that in which you were engaged with the count . , for all loved edmond in spite of his superiority ; yet jacopo reached him first .	132.7615966796875
whom your excellency expected at seven o ’ clock this evening ? ” ” the count , “ let us both lay aside the mask we have assumed . glass of <unk> <unk> , which he sipped at intervals , muttering some unintelligible words . of the carriage , allowed his brother-in-law ’ s gayety to expend itself in words , while he felt equal inward joy , which , however , betrayed itself only in his countenance . soup and beans with you when you were hungry . ” of monte cristo was announced . and return to their own country , there to hide their shame , if its hills are high enough ; i have nothing more to do with them nor they with me	139.9124298095703
. to that , ” said the lieutenant , “ and i shall make for the <unk> as soon as possible . ” , wooden ladder was placed against the window . she placed the poniard in his hand ; she made him kill the duke . ” he said to the patron , “ i was awkward , and it is just that i pay the penalty of my <unk> . ” thought athos . system , neither encouraged nor <unk> him . a diplomatist ! ” observed debray . second ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . street , and like the greek from <unk> who fell in the square at <unk> , with his <unk> in his hand , friquet reached councillor broussel ’ s	76.906494140625
threshold , and then fell exhausted , scattering on the floor the louis <unk> by his leather bag . the englishman ; “ i am well furnished with such <unk> . ” ” said the count ; “ are you not the marquis bartolomeo cavalcanti ? ” punished , and he may hope that he will not be ; but , on my honor , if he thinks so , he deceives himself . ” my child , has said , ‘ it is good to think of death . ’ ” , ” muttered d ’ artagnan . which entered by the narrow window of his cell , he held open in his left hand , of which alone , it will be recollected , he retained	69.9950180053711
the use , a sheet of paper , which , from being constantly rolled into a small compass , had the form of a <unk> , and was not easily kept open . the apartment destined for you , madame . two friends at first kept an embarrassed silence . ? ” , at least , sir , when he desired me to return to paris with monsieur de chatillon , who was charged to carry the news to the queen and to bring the colors we had taken . coadjutor , who is one of the most able <unk> we have ; the first available cardinal ’ s hat seems to belong already to his noble brow . ” , young man , some flirtation or other	97.95049285888672
. and looked into the court . debray , taking out his watch . it had been a long time since any one had needed him ; and that demand for his services on the part of mazarin seemed to him an auspicious sign . shall have carried him off . ” lied twice , monsieur , for i saw it fall . ” not <unk> ” she stopped ; speech failed her . reflections when the goldsmith entered . m. danglars said ? ’ another sign in the negative . had any reason for his morning ’ s <unk> , but he always slept all night long . , went into the house , whistling a tune which he had begun before porthos went away . ,	129.02127075195312
his name ! ” cried felton . was boundless ; men of loyalty are scarce . ” my shoulders , and swim for both of us . ” fit of laughter . up immediately and laid him in the boat , where directly athos was warmed and <unk> , <unk> with the caresses and cares of his friends , who were intoxicated with joy . mad . with the proposition , but his wife slightly changed color . the young men in chorus . i shall not hear , and i shall die without knowing what she has written to me . ” ” ? ” said monte cristo , with interest . ” replied dantès ; “ my position is not sufficiently elevated for that . .	82.14115142822266
your excellency this to deter you from your project , ” replied gaetano , “ but you questioned me , and i have answered ; that ’ s all . ” long and white , and flowed over his shoulders ; while in his eyes , shaded by thick black lashes , was concentrated , as it often happens with an organ which is used to the exclusion of the others , all the activity , address , force , and intelligence which were formerly diffused over his whole body ; and so although the movement of the arm , the sound of the voice , and the agility of the body , were wanting , the speaking eye sufficed for all . arms , hypocritical and dangerous	150.17620849609375
woman , ” said d ’ artagnan , likewise to himself , “ after having abused me with such effrontery , and afterward i will laugh at you with him whom you wish me to kill . ” is quite necessary , ” replied madame de villefort , with all a mother ’ s real firmness . is taken ! with a <unk> ! ” ; that sets my mind at rest . solitary , feeble light was burning in the porter ’ s lodge , about forty paces distant from the house , as baptistin had said . and it was not till after much pushing and some fighting that our friends reached their destination . the conversation , which had become interesting during the discussion of	111.94098663330078
such serious affairs , lasted till one o ’ clock in the morning . call acting generously , knowing your conspiracy and not informing against you , that is what i should call becoming your accomplice . friend ; better than ever . seen , had a character exactly opposite to that of athos . have said , the iron gate leading into the kitchen-garden had been closed up and left to the rust , which bade fair before long to eat off its hinges , while to prevent the ignoble glances of the <unk> and <unk> of the ground from presuming to sully the aristocratic enclosure belonging to the mansion , the gate had been boarded up to a height of six feet . , ” answered	194.10369873046875
athos . edmond , that is true , but you forgot at that time a little debt to our neighbor , caderousse . of her husband , and more particularly his cupidity , she did not despair of bringing him round to her purpose . so picturesque with their long and flowing robes , but are they not now hideous with their blue <unk> buttoned up to the chin , and their red caps , which make them look like a bottle of wine with a red seal ? to him with <unk> ; la <unk> <unk> his sheets ; the marquise de rambouillet sends him his <unk> . ” , that it seemed to <unk> to one who had been long <unk> , and who was incapable	141.18698120117188
of resuming the <unk> glow and hue of life . for its taste and <unk> ; but in spite of himself , his eyes were directed to that door which kitty said led to milady ’ s chamber . s death and his son ’ s exile , it was supposed that the spada family would resume the splendid position they had held before the cardinal ’ s time ; but this was not the case . mother , ” said a young and lovely girl , with a profusion of light brown hair , and eyes that seemed to <unk> in liquid crystal , “ ’ tis all my fault for seizing upon m. de villefort , so as to prevent his listening to what you said	141.02630615234375
. ” don ’ t know , but who is called milady . ” resumed danglars ; “ now your revenge looks like common sense , for in no way can it revert to yourself , and the matter will thus work its own way ; there is nothing to do now but fold the letter as i am doing , and write upon it , ‘ to the king ’ s attorney , ’ and that ’ s all <unk> ” and danglars wrote the address as he spoke . by one of the unexpected strokes of fortune which sometimes befall those who have for a long time been the victims of an evil destiny , dantès was about to secure the opportunity he wished for ,	137.19090270996094
by simple and natural means , and land on the island without incurring any suspicion . officers , who are daily , under one frivolous pretext or other , getting up quarrels with the royalists ; from hence arise continual and fatal duels among the higher classes of persons , and <unk> in the lower . ” was opened quickly , and a messenger , introduced by one of the gatekeepers of the bastille , gave a letter to the commissary . and manner in which the command was given , betokened such growing hostility that the two young men perceived , for the first time , that the mandate was addressed to them . who appeared to him the equal of a demon , with agents as	206.82725524902344
supernatural as herself ; at the least noise , he imagined himself about to be arrested , and that planchet was being brought back to be confronted with himself and his friends . he , “ if i dared in my turn <unk> ” you ’ ll find the word in <unk> . ” in that affair ? ” object ; i stooped to <unk> was the second pistol , which had not gone off , probably from the powder being wet . reflection , the procureur was not a <unk> man ; and it was not the magistrate , slave to his duties , but the friend , the loyal friend , who roughly but firmly cut into the very core of the corruption ; it was	125.70340728759766
not the executioner , but the surgeon , who wished to withdraw the honor of danglars from <unk> association with the disgraced young man they had presented to the world as their son-in-law . father ’ s grief . ” him , but for myself . ” he has said ; it is very evident that the mind still retains its full force and <unk> ” then , turning towards the paralytic , he said , “ you possess , then , 900,000 francs of capital , which , according to the manner in which you have invested it , ought to bring in an income of about 40,000 livres ? ” <unk> , ” said porthos . i admit , but still it is the fashion .	100.36219787597656
hurt , for he did not stir from the place where he fell . , that you can help me more <unk> than your brothers ? ” said gondy . there , still furious , and still bearing bloody marks of his struggle with the king ’ s officers . the tuileries ? ” it is a strange thing and one which might astonish you , but i feel an indescribable horror at the sight of yonder man . , as if he came from <unk> an enemy and not frenchmen . . ” seize your person , sir , ” said comminges , in the same tone and with the same politeness ; “ and if you will believe me you had better spare yourself the trouble	98.29110717773438
of reading that long letter and follow me . ” his relief with his whip in his hand . athos , whose eyes were fixed in the direction of the rue du <unk> , “ patience ; i see an abbé cuffing a man , then bowing to a woman ; it must be aramis . ” ” replied d ’ artagnan . despise sweet things in proper time and place , i found the supper rather light . ” ? ” inquired the vicomte de bragelonne . take cavalcanti in his carriage to the hôtel des princes , if it would not be depriving him of the company of his son . it was an <unk> of four <unk> inhabitants of yanina , proving that colonel fernand	91.36248016357422
mondego , in the service of ali tepelini , had surrendered the castle for two million crowns . you against me ? ” ? ” and he blew out the light . vampa , shepherd of the san-felice farm . ’ and offered his arm to assist the count in descending . see my friends ? ” this , you will no longer have a husband . her own mother at a tender age , she has had the happiness to find a second mother in madame de villefort. ’ the world , however , is mistaken ; my father abandons me from utter indifference , while my stepmother detests me with a hatred so much the more terrible because it is veiled beneath a continual smile .	178.80169677734375
” amongst the descendants some were soldiers , others diplomatists ; some churchmen , some bankers ; some grew rich , and some were ruined . will against <unk> your <unk> favor of the poor , in fact ; m. noirtier is spared , because nothing is expected from him . he said , “ only , shall i enter the chamber where those gentlemen are ? ” besides the postilion . athos , quickly , ” said d ’ artagnan . the field . it , excepting that , although daylight had disappeared , it was not lighted , and everything in it was old-fashioned , while the rest of the rooms had been <unk> . you begin . ” he did not breathe a word about	137.39744567871094
the other . king was going to bed and not to his coffin . , we ought to say skillfully , come in contact with the steel <unk> , which at that period , like a cuirass , defended the <unk> of women . to hear his dinner praised , and began accordingly , but at the first words he was interrupted . amid cries which strongly resembled curses . with natural astonishment in their little apartment in the rue meslay upon the three successive , sudden , and most unexpected catastrophes of morcerf , danglars , and villefort . birth ! ” mask ? ” cried athos . know them . carriage had just now stopped before the count of monte cristo ’ s door . he	135.56948852539062
promise us ? ” said d ’ artagnan . richelieu ’ s former anxiety , and forced him in spite of himself once more to turn his eyes to the other side of the sea . think of this fine story , <unk> ? ” said monte cristo ; “ did you credit it ? ” , ” said athos , in a low tone , to aramis . man , as you know , ” said aramis , “ is a strange animal , made up of <unk> . , <unk> as high as a tower . ” his face ; he asked himself what had become of mercédès , who must believe him dead . half a league from the barriers , —it is at auteuil	53.09046173095703
. ” me , ” said winter . broussel , “ i am in bad health and can not give myself up a prisoner in this state ; i must have time . ” the queen ! ” said d ’ artagnan . a magnificent ring on the stem of a bouquet , and threw it to the charming <unk> , who , in the third act , to do honor to the gift , reappeared with it on her finger . dark mass , against which it seemed as if the carriage was about to dash ; but the vehicle turned to one side , leaving the barrier behind and danglars saw that it was one of the ramparts <unk> rome . ? ” asked franz of	72.71097564697266
the count ; for , as all the talk was in the roman dialect , he had not perfectly understood it . as it flew over the rough stones , and the slightest obstacle under the wheels would have caused disaster ; but it kept on in the middle of the road , and those who saw it pass uttered cries of terror . , since the honor of the throne is safe , everything else is a matter of indifference to me . ” anything ? ” the estate i desire , i want constant relays of horses at ten leagues apart along the northern and southern road . ” as the moon broke from behind a cloud , they saw at a turning of the road	150.24118041992188
two horsemen who , on perceiving them , stopped in their turn , appearing to deliberate whether they should continue their route or go back . the felucca turned , two other heads peeping , those of aramis and grimaud . come when i leave my dear grandmamma , ” she replied , feeling , with true delicacy , that the person to whom she could be of the most service just then was madame de saint-méran . , athos procures his equipment chapter xxxix . in the possession of father or son , then it will assuredly be discovered in the cabin belonging to the said dantès on board the _pharaon_ . ’ ” require ? ” a moment , and instead of pursuing him , let	195.62486267089844
him go . ” , with more reason than the cardinal , showed his hatred for buckingham , although scarcely arrived was in such a haste to meet the enemy that he commanded every disposition to be made to drive the english from the isle of ré , and afterward to press the siege of la rochelle ; but notwithstanding his earnest wish , he was delayed by the dissensions which broke out between mm . a man of a certain age . ” boulogne . ? ” eaten ! ” , must be , since the husband of the son ’ s mother is . ” , to fulfill your highness ’ s wishes on this occasion . ” ordered his horses , and having arranged his	123.655517578125
toilet , drove to the champs-élysées , to the house of monte cristo . disobey me ? ” a wide range . that sum to attain the same end . ” yourself ready . asked the duke uneasily . cried the young man . ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , seizing her hands , and <unk> her with an ardent glance , “ come , be more generous . surrender the harnesses . ” ” replied mousqueton . secret in the deepest recesses of our hearts ; i am willing , if anyone should suspect this , that my silence on the subject should be imputed to my ignorance . shudder at the fearful danger you were placed in . ” . have , and you shall	79.70126342773438
judge for yourself ; but first listen to the history of this paper . ” known , what strikes the capricious mind of the poet is not always what affects the mass of readers . , the <unk> , was born at marseilles in <unk> . had anything else to ask for . say to those around me what <unk> wrote to <unk> : ‘ <unk> <unk> , and all will be over. ’ but come , franz , take courage , your wife is an heiress . ” more to do at versailles , i went to auteuil , and gained all the information i could . affect the son . ” de richelieu was able to find trusty servants , dozens and dozens of them .	146.690673828125
” to the right of the carriage , the other to the left . make an exception in rita ’ s favor , as her father was rich , and could pay a large ransom . and instructions were given him . condition . athos ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . own account , or on account of another , that she exposed herself to such <unk> ? the house of monsieur de la fere , ” said d ’ artagnan . our own arms . ” yard , and wished to saddle the horses ; but the horses were all used up . fifteen of them . ” for an instant ; then as it was difficult to suggest a more reasonable proposal , he agreed	61.98828887939453
to it . quite my friends , and i am sorry you are not so ; but i know you are brave and loyal gentlemen , and that confidence may be placed in you . perfectly , then . d ’ artagnan , “ we must go where they will not look for us . that luigi had not felt the strength to support another such trial , and , half by persuasion and half by force , he had removed teresa toward another part of the garden . ? ” he being the only person in the whole assemblage , except the king , the queen , and the duke of orleans , who slept <unk> . one of the oldest and most powerful families of the	90.47831726074219
fifteenth century ; and in those times , when other opportunities for <unk> were wanting , such <unk> of gold and jewels were by no means rare ; there are at this day roman families <unk> of hunger , though possessed of nearly a million in diamonds and jewels , handed down by entail , and which they can not touch . ” . ” was his daughter ’ s voice . longer ; then by degrees a cold light crept through the venetian blinds , until at length it revealed the objects in the room . endeavored twice to get up , and fell again twice . to calculate the age of my father , that i might know whether i should find him still living ,	188.1575927734375
and that of mercédès , to know if i should find her still free . will make when you are asked , ‘ how do they execute at rome ? ’ and you reply , ‘ i do not know ! ’ and , besides , they say that the culprit is an infamous scoundrel , who killed with a log of wood a worthy canon who had brought him up like his own son . ” murmured the major , trying to get the <unk> <unk> in operation , so as to <unk> the corner of his eye with a false tear . deserved her fate ; do you not think so ? ” which destroys life almost without leaving any perceptible traces . the abbé faria	140.1042938232422
. then , full of gratitude for the past and for the future ; and the worthy captain , who on his side felt a lively interest in this young man , so brave and so resolute , pressed his hand kindly , wishing him a pleasant journey . the attitude of distrust that was habitual with him . indeed , madame , ” continued monte cristo , “ the secret <unk> of the east begin with a love <unk> and end with a death <unk> with paradise and end <unk> . case , i warn you , i shall have you put in a lunatic asylum . ” we can do , then , ” said the notary . wonder how a man who can cook thus	118.05623626708984
can complain of hard living . ” thing to have such credit ; really , it is only in france these things are done . madman ! ” murmured m. de tréville , “ unless , ” added he , “ this is a cunning mode of escaping , seeing that he had failed in his purpose ! ” to investigate , sir ? ” said albert , enraged beyond measure at beauchamp ’ s last remark . this , good sir , ” resumed the host , “ in order that you may be on your guard . ” , and if porthos makes no <unk> ” dashed with cupidity , but he quickly suppressed his emotion . . of mankind it is ; but not for	102.53025817871094
you , my dear viscount , who are one of my most intimate friends , and on whose silence i feel i may rely , if i consider it necessary to enjoin <unk> i not do so ? ” was fated that i should not keep it . ” monsieur commissary , look at his uniform ! ” he had the saddle which came from buckingham . sailors , although , not one opposed it . ! way : if coysel says loud enough for the cardinal to hear him , on such or such a day such a prisoner will escape , ’ tis plain that the cardinal will take measures of precaution and that the prisoner will not escape . ” anybody ’ s affairs but	166.35702514648438
my own and those of my honorable guests ; but i make an agreement with the man who <unk> up the papers , and he brings them to me as he would the <unk> , that in case any person staying at my hotel should like to witness an execution , he may obtain every requisite information concerning the time and place <unk> . ” the same calm politeness , invited his prisoner to enter the house . my lord , you will live ! ” repeated the faithful servant of anne of austria , on his knees before the duke ’ s sofa . ? ” , joining his hands , and shaking his head in a manner that would have excited the count ’ s laughter	103.47991943359375
, had not thoughts of a superior interest occupied him , and rendered him attentive to the least revelation of this timorous conscience . the young man , who misunderstood the meaning of that inquisition . to visit our fine city , my dear count , i can only say that you may command me and mine to any extent you please . ” the diamond cross and the star of the garter which she had sent him by those generous frenchmen ; he kissed it , and then , as he reflected , that she would never again see those things till he lay cold and mutilated in the tomb , there passed over him one of those icy <unk> which may be called <unk> of death	145.3727264404297
. the house in which i have met you this evening , i will dare it myself. ’ i really think i must have been frightened . for instance , what , out of regard to your nervous susceptibility , i will inform you of in the drawing-room , namely , that the credit of a banker is his physical and moral life ; that credit sustains him as breath <unk> the body ; and m. de monte cristo once gave me a lecture on that subject , which i have never forgotten . him inquiringly . seeming hilarity , nevertheless , people ’ s minds were uneasy . my lord ; but before an engagement <unk> we shall move your eminence to another castle belonging to our	172.79135131835938
friend du vallon , who has three . , which i know you so much disliked , is done away with , i come to you on an errand which neither m. de villefort nor valentine could <unk> undertake . ” , it seems , ” said planchet . , my poor child ! ” cried the baroness , falling on her chair , and stifling her sobs in her handkerchief . ’ artagnan spoke convinced patrick , which was the name of this minister of the minister . but fernand ; you knew very well that i threw the paper into a corner of the <unk> , i fancied i had destroyed it . ” ? , or leave it in the hands of the notary ?	80.39564514160156
” asleep upon a bench . races , were there not ? ” ? ” he said . foot of the stairs , and then immediately came up again to d ’ artagnan , whose senses were still in a state of confusion . alone ? ” asked morrel , after he had read it . artagnan , what is the matter with you , and what has happened to you personally ? , full of hopes of future favor , he was resolved not to recoil a step . , sir ? ” asked the driver . ” i don ’ t know . his excellency , ” replied the concierge ; “ the valet de chambre will carry your message . ” groslow , sighing ;	54.20698547363281
“ there is something still more wearisome , and that is not to play at all . ” was looking at his watch for about the hundredth time , at the beginning of the second act the door opened , and monte cristo entered , dressed in black , and , leaning over the front of the box , looked around the pit . , ’ said the president , ‘ do not allow yourself to be cast down ; answer . each put his own into two envelopes , so that no one , without tearing the first envelope , could discover to whom the second was addressed ; then they drew near to each other and smilingly exchanged their letters . in the same place .	104.4154281616211
” . ” tell planchet that his master was requested , the instant that he left the trenches , to come to the quarters of the musketeers . sure . ” young to die ! ” s laboratory . ” the ante-chamber majestically in his clerical dress , turned around to see who the impertinent gentleman was who thus addressed him ; but seeing his friends he went up to them quickly and expressed delight at seeing them . ” cried the abbé . ” de winter took to shut the door , close a shutter , and draw a chair near to his sister-in-law ’ s <unk> , milady , anxiously thoughtful , plunged her glance into the depths of possibility , and discovered all the plan	102.60210418701172
, of which she could not even obtain a glance as long as she was ignorant into whose hands she had fallen . of escape of the duc de beaufort . silent , and riches , consideration , even honor , shall surround you ; threaten to speak , and i will condemn you to infamy . ’ meung . had appreciated him at the first glance and who bore him a real affection , never ceased recommending him to the king . is dressed as a monk , grimaud ? ” and fortified town , is well furnished with authorities , gendarmes , and commissaries of police ; they therefore began operations as soon as the telegraphic despatch arrived , and the bell and bottle being the	190.01785278320312
<unk> hotel in the town , they had naturally directed their first inquiries there . said , after a moment , “ they tell me great things of you . to-day ? ” asked the king . what do you say to la specchia ? tréville himself returned . presence with the speed of a young man ; his really sincere royalism made him youthful again . much at your ease , aramis ; he has probably been killed . his yacht round the island , studying it as a skilful horseman would the animal he destined for some important service , till at the end of that time he was perfectly conversant with its good and bad qualities . on the ground . to come , there	143.2465362548828
is no time to lose . ” the contrary , quite full of his plans of <unk> and courtesy , approached the young men with a profound bow , accompanied by a most gracious smile . , been induced to alter your opinion ; you have had some proofs of their truth ? ” the major drew from his pocket a handful of gold . into his eyes , and he again walked hastily up and down the room . easy on that head , ” replied aramis . the mouth of the messenger himself . ” ” said porthos , with majestic common sense ; “ they were in the majority . ” madame , ” said felton , “ only do not sing so loud ,	82.32674407958984
particularly at night . ” his expectations of exciting fear , was conscious only of the other ’ s condescension . ” doubtless have failed had they not been assisted by twenty soldiers of the regiment of italians in the king ’ s service , who are in garrison in this town so that your friends were overpowered by numbers . ” ’ artagnan should find alone the staircase and the little chamber . the song the men seated round the fire arose and approached the landing-place , their eyes fixed on the boat , evidently seeking to know who the new-comers were and what were their intentions . the shore , the yacht only seemed like a small white speck on the horizon . necessarily keep ebooks	216.77615356445312
in compliance with any particular paper edition . a minute . for more , ” said porthos , putting his hand to his <unk> eyes of his interlocutor on his own , he glanced towards the door . ” trademark license , especially commercial redistribution . athos ; we are not so far gone as that , ” replied the lieutenant . by these words , and turned his eyes with indifference to the other side . is giving away hats like that , porthos , let us look out and both demand a regiment to-morrow . ? practiced upon the duke by the governor in return for the insults of the innocent pistache . ? ” said he . gentlemen , have the kindness to retire into	108.31734466552734
the corners , so as to give us ample room . murmured milady , in extreme terror ; “ what do you want ? ” astonished when , without having the least expectation of such a thing , i meet you face to <unk> , of whom we have so often spoken together , you whom he loves with all his soul , you whom he had taught me to love before i had seen you ! unworthy of a king . ” ! ” murmured villefort . ’ he said , ‘ i know them . the presence of ali , who , not understanding one word of the language in which it was spoken , stood wholly unmoved , produced an effect on m. baptistin only	109.65928649902344
to be conceived by such as have occasion to study the character and disposition of french domestics . said d ’ artagnan , “ it appears that i was more drunk than you , since i remember nothing of the kind . ” mazarin , taking from his portfolio the letter which he had already shown d ’ artagnan , “ take this dispatch and carry it to england . ” ? ” exclaimed d ’ artagnan , anxiously ; “ what has happened to you , my lord ? ” fine-looking man ? ” explicit , ” said the governor . d ’ artagnan , “ there is some truth in what you say . ” ” immovable . obliged to swallow a draught of water to	54.049400329589844
calm the emotions that threatened to <unk> him . doubt , grief , and despair . milady , as if she could not resist giving utterance to a holy indignation , “ you , a pious man , you who are called a just man , you ask but one <unk> that is that you may not be <unk> , annoyed , by my death ! ” my husband ! —well , if my husband ’ s soul can come to me , why should not my soul reappear to guard my granddaughter ? ; m. de morcerf has been my friend , or rather my acquaintance , during the last thirty years . is too heavy for my arm . we will execute them . ” be	107.26818084716797
considered the leaders of the enterprise had quit the group and were making their way toward the hôtel of m. de tréville , who was waiting for them , already informed of this fresh disturbance . , edmond , are you not ? ” asked the abbé . pistoles , d ’ artagnan . questions inspire less mistrust than masters , and meet with more sympathy among those to whom they address themselves . has abandoned his representative on earth and left him to die thus miserably ? to replace him on the throne that cromwell has paid for him two hundred thousand pounds <unk> ? replied porthos , “ i leave fishing to mousqueton , —it is a vulgar pleasure , —but i shoot sometimes ; that	163.82757568359375
is to say , when i am dull , and i sit on one of those marble seats , have my gun brought to me , my favorite dog , and i shoot rabbits . ” comb . ” ” an expression of d ’ artagnan ’ s . in other tombs , ignoble drawers , one above another , where <unk> bestows its dead and <unk> them like specimens in a <unk> ; all that was visible within the bronze gates was a <unk> room , separated by a wall from the vault itself . said d ’ artagnan , “ you are insupportable . ” vertebra made a great noise in the learned world , and the gentleman , who was only a knight of the	112.7155990600586
legion of honor , was made an officer . ” again ? ” asked the countess . to see all that , ” cried he ; “ how beautiful it must be ! ” , sir , and if he had not a meal left , i doubt if he would have asked anything from anyone , except from heaven . ” , because you are as conversant with my affairs as i am ; indeed , i think you understand them better , since i am ignorant of what has become of a considerable portion of my fortune , once very tolerable , while i am sure , madame , that you know perfectly well . , will you come ? ” cried milady . the <unk>	61.76514434814453
of <unk> herself could not have read them . are you taking me ? ” have in my <unk> a man who might be of the greatest use to you . ” an hour at most . ” , my dear mother ! ” said the girl . more <unk> . and leave us . ” , ” replied porthos ; “ he will never leave me . then . ” order not to show by his honest round face what was passing in his mind . ? ” said monte cristo ; “ we are all mortal . said d ’ artagnan , “ he will know all before night . ” least i guess . the count was the topic of conversation throughout paris for the	42.097991943359375
next fortnight . <unk> , which is lying but little , when he said that by going in search of milady he at the same time went in search of constance . would have reprimanded the soldier for indulging in such pleasantry , but his conscience murmured too loud for his mouth to dare speak . opened , and the concierge appeared . themselves , and the king , <unk> at least , had no other guard at his <unk> but his mother . you require , in order to set your conscience quite at ease on the subject ? ” be very clean in the <unk> . ” was by nature very <unk> people generally are who possess the genius of <unk> all he could to make	146.0585174560547
out who athos , porthos , and aramis really were ( for under these pseudonyms each of these young men concealed his family name ) —athos in particular , who , a league away , <unk> of nobility . ” continued louvieres , “ and act in a straightforward manner . is it ? ” has suffered much from the vengeance and persecution of the cardinal ! ” nor your friends , and i don ’ t think you could gather all that dust that i saw planchet brush off your boots yesterday from the pavement of paris . ” ” replied the englishman . and on what an occasion ! ! ” and he disappeared . was , ” said he , “ not to tear my	136.9990997314453
heart out on the day when i resolved to avenge myself ! ” midst of these good people , so peacefully assembled there , would not have produced a more appalling effect . ! ” with mademoiselle mercédès ; but for <unk> the words of the gospel , seek , and you shall find . ” and ascertained that the enemy was advancing by way of <unk> and bethune . aramis , “ will not your majesty acquaint some of your friends of this ? ” is enclosed by enormous walls , over which the sun glances <unk> , when it deigns to penetrate into this gulf of moral and physical <unk> . in my place ? ” ? ” m. de monte cristo either in the lobby	127.37008666992188
or on the stairs . smile . eat the <unk> , ” answered grimaud . , ” said he , “ come , if you like , monsieur ; you have a claim , being almost one of the family , and i will give as many rendezvous of that kind as i can find persons willing to accept them . ” his repugnance to mordaunt , walked with him upon the deck and invented a hundred stories to make him talk . excuse me ? ” brought this rabble to reason . ” ” he resumed , “ that they mean to kill you ? said d ’ artagnan , sighing , “ we are unfortunately no longer in those times in which princes would care to	79.35995483398438
assassinate me . it to him . ” paleness and agitation of the messenger that he had something of importance to say , made a sign that d ’ artagnan and porthos should give place . fresh from the maker ’ s hands , gray moustaches , a bold eye , a major ’ s uniform , ornamented with three <unk> and five <unk> fact , the thorough bearing of an old <unk> was the appearance of major bartolomeo cavalcanti , that tender father with whom we are already acquainted . said monte cristo , “ is your opinion of your intended spouse ? ” other address was necessary ; in his pride he fancied that every one must know the chateau du vallon . now ? ”	126.6169662475586
he , “ that man has been here . ” save the state , ” said bonacieux , <unk> . planchet when he saw d ’ artagnan on the summit of the ladder , “ this way is easy for monsieur aramis and even for you ; in case of necessity i might also climb up , but my two horses can not mount the ladder . ” you know how many would be punished who now escape . ” ! ” cried albert , without giving monte cristo the time to reply . all the particulars of this shameful plot . ” t you hear ? madman this morning ! madame , of the allusion made by that insolent gentleman , whom you have caused to be	104.72982025146484
arrested , to the duke of <unk> him whom you allowed to be <unk> the duchess de chevreuse , whom you suffered to be <unk> the duc de beaufort , whom you imprisoned ; but if he made allusion to me it was because he is ignorant of the relation in which i stand to you . ” , his brow bathed with perspiration , he counted the seconds by the beating of his heart . go ! ” said she to her brother ; “ the effects _are_ drawing near , on the contrary ; but you , weak fool , will not see them until it is too late to shun them . ” full length , and faintly illuminated by the pale light that came	112.56011199951172
from the window , lay a sack of canvas , and under its rude folds was stretched a long and stiffened form ; it was faria ’ s last winding-sheet , —a winding-sheet which , as the turnkey said , cost so little . everyone he met with , went down to the ferry , came up again by the rue de seine , and the red cross ; but nothing , absolutely nothing ! no nabob would have sent me a pair of horses worth 32,000 francs , wearing on their heads four diamonds valued at 5,000 francs each . ” king could have condescended so far as to express himself so favorably of me ? ” asked the enraptured villefort . cried danglars , in a	239.2913055419922
tone whose bitterness <unk> alone has been capable of <unk> “ tell me that you wish to <unk> me of all ; it will be sooner over than devouring me <unk> . ” been gazing on a serpent , he fixed his terrified eye on the <unk> sufferer . worse and worse ; yesterday her fever amounted to delirium ; today her delirium is almost madness . , scarcely , on his side , was he out of sight when he drew from his pocket a letter , which he read over again : ’ clock in the morning . will find a wounded man , now being attended by our servants , who has asked the assistance of a minister of god . ” , confirm her	135.86439514160156
in her opinion ; it will be easy for you , as you have the philosophy of the one and the wit of the other . ” the night , and the bandits wrapped themselves in their cloaks , and lay down before the fire . , ” cried the procurator ’ s wife , when she was assured that no one who was a stranger to the population of the locality could either see or hear her , “ ah , monsieur porthos , you are a great conqueror , as it appears ! ” your invitations ? ” ! ” bouquet ; teresa returned it—all this with the consent of the chief , who was in the carriage . ” the stalk of a flower ,	80.80519104003906
unable to reply and thoroughly uncomfortable ; for when turned from the eyes of athos he encountered those of aramis . window , and saw them crossing the street , arm in arm . of this man , his white hair and thick gray moustaches , caused him to be easily recognized by baptistin , who had received an exact description of the expected visitor , and who was awaiting him in the hall . , and dantès heard his shoes striking on the pavement . , mordioux ! ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ if he is a puritan we will inform him of the capture of the king , and in honor of the news he will kill for us his <unk> <unk> . ”	115.7743148803711
a sudden force ; they heard the hissing of the scimitar and the cry of the victim , then a <unk> mass sank beneath the blow . tell me how i can risk my life to serve your grace ? ” what actually took place : one evening after an <unk> in <unk> ’ s apartment at the tuileries with the duc d ’ harcourt , fontrailles , de rieux and others , the duc d ’ harcourt proposed that we should go and pull cloaks on the pont neuf ; that is , you know , a diversion which the duc d ’ orleans made quite the fashion . ” will talk of it . ” ’ artagnan ? ” us breakfast . ” do so .	120.70352935791016
and to-morrow we ’ ll return your visit . ” morrel , with increasing anger and <unk> “ you , who have deceived me with false hopes , who have cheered and <unk> me with vain promises , when i might , if not have saved her , at least have seen her die in my arms ! noirtier , looking carelessly around him , “ true , if this person were not on his guard , as he is ; ” and he added with a smile , “ he will consequently make a few changes in his personal <unk> ” at these words he rose , and put off his frock-coat and cravat , went towards a table on which lay his son ’ s toilet	125.7442398071289
articles , <unk> his face , took a <unk> , and , with a firm hand , cut off the compromising whiskers . your majesty personally ? ” inquired aramis . as usual , when seven o ’ clock sounded ; the patrol was heard passing to double the posts . he muttered to himself , “ don ’ t let me betray my secrets to a man not inclined to entertain them . ” interests that occupied her mind terrified milady , whose questions became more pressing . ” said danglars to himself , “ now the thing is at work and it will effect its purpose <unk> . ” confidently to the power of her fine eyes , that she could not doubt their influence even	111.45709991455078
over monsieur de condé ; and the <unk> of the time <unk> that her confidence was justified . , rising above the ground , and a fourth was also there , yawning for its ghastly tenant . a grand masked ball , to which all that were distinguished in rome were invited . further details ? and at the least suspicious sign i shall begin to exterminate . ” not the fashion to wear so large a beard and hair so long ; now a barber would only be surprised if a man gifted with such advantages should consent voluntarily to deprive himself of them . ’ s determination ? ” to none but the king , monsieur , ” said anne . making signs to another at	242.64247131347656
my left , and turning around i recognized the honest grimaud . volumes : monte cristo , turning towards morrel , “ i may depend upon you , may i not ? ” only a slave ? ” most unfavorable moment for your first visit . <unk> against such infamy ? ” asked the abbé ; “ if not , you were an accomplice . ” all the doors in with a single push of his shoulder ; and i expected to see him leave rueil in the same way as samson left <unk> . have them ? ” torch , and turned to see if they came after him . said la carconte , after a moment ’ s pause , ‘ you are not a man	97.55400848388672
. ’ milady ; “ she takes a pleasure in my conversation . these <unk> , your excellency ? ” , lord de winter made his customary visit , examined the window and the bars , sounded the floor and the walls , looked to the chimney and the doors , without , during this long and minute examination , he or milady pronouncing a single word . ” men of the sword chapter xvi . was you who gave me the wine ; i say that it was you who desired me to drink it . ” , the queen and monsieur mazarin , and heard the mass as well as if he had been on duty . monte cristo “ you promised me never to mention	101.52616119384766
that circumstance . ” <unk> in order not to encounter the mazarinists scattered about the isle of france , and also to escape the frondeurs , who were in possession of normandy and who never failed to conduct captives to the duc de longueville , in order that he might ascertain whether they were friends or foes . artagnan with the envious look with which every courtier sees a new favorite spring up . long corridor , with which the door communicated , and which formed the antechamber , was , on the right , albert ’ s breakfast-room , looking into the court , and on the left the salon , looking into the garden . grammont is right ; this will change the aspect of french	146.82208251953125
affairs , but i much fear it will do nothing for english , even if it does not harm them . ; they had had a long ride , and were dying with hunger and thirst . ? ” la ramee , who gave it to them , but not till the evening , however ; until then he had business and the prisoner was not to be left alone . than dislike , that ’ s ingratitude ! king or no king ; if he be acknowledged as sovereign of france , he should be upheld in peace and tranquillity ; and this can best be effected by <unk> the most inflexible agents to put down every attempt at <unk> ’ tis the best and surest means	169.256103515625
of preventing mischief . ” eight of the light dragoons , who rode into the courtyard before they had time to close the gate . ” , ” said he ; “ they have with them two corsican bandits . ” , his dear bonacieux , and never ceased telling him that the cardinal had a great respect for him . me ! don ’ t say much about ; but seven in two days , i repeat , it is too many , it is far too many ! ” , ” she observed , “ that such substances could only be prepared by chemists ; otherwise , all the world would be poisoning each other . ” to do ? ” cried mme . to what	76.69207763671875
fate <unk> for you without even attempting to contend with it ? ” said morrel sorrowfully . friends , “ gentlemen , ” said he , “ allow me to correct your words , if you please . lower and back room , to which athos was requested to go . , ” murmured caderousse . ” eyes fixed upon the light ; the boat went on , but the prisoner thought only of mercédès . hour , an hour and a half elapsed , and during this period of anguish , edmond leaned over his friend , his hand applied to his heart , and felt the body gradually grow cold , and the heart ’ s pulsation become more and more deep and dull , until	129.24392700195312
at length it stopped ; the last movement of the heart ceased , the face became livid , the eyes remained open , but the eyeballs were glazed . very road which all the vessels between dover and calais take , ’ tis impossible but that we should meet with a fisherman who will pick us up . ” . and yet wished to kill your friend the chevalier ? ” or three fathoms to reach the boat , for the approach of death seemed to give him supernatural strength . <unk> in all its branches , and dancing . necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition . coming within speaking distance , valentine arranged so that maximilian could see her pass and repass ,	270.5058288574219
and each time she went by , she managed , unperceived by her companion , to cast an expressive look at the young man , which seemed to say , “ have patience ! that he had not taken these precautions , and had simply thrown it in a corner . the jailer , “ do not always <unk> over what is impossible , or you will be mad in a fortnight . ” ” said the abbé , folding his arms . de broussel ’ s servant , and a lad that , i promise you , in a revolt will not give away his share to the dogs . ” ’ said the president . me , that as you profit by it—— ” the setting	77.36906433105469
, which is also valuable , ” replied the abbé , as he closed the box , and returned it to his pocket , while its brilliant hues seemed still to dance before the eyes of the fascinated innkeeper . her majesty ’ s commands from her own lips . ” a few words to d ’ artagnan when he passed through her chamber ; but milady herself reconducted him through the darkness , and only quit him at the staircase . something on the panels of your carriage , to escape being searched by the custom-house officers . mademoiselle ! ” cried franz , “ your grandfather says he can indicate the person . to forty years of age , dressed in deep black , had just	101.26517486572266
entered , accompanied by a young woman dressed after the eastern style . man of from forty to fifty-five years of age , tall , strong , and bony , a perfect specimen of the natives of those southern latitudes ; he had dark , sparkling , and deep-set eyes , hooked nose , and teeth white as those of a <unk> animal ; his hair , like his beard , which he wore under his chin , was thick and <unk> , and in spite of his age but slightly <unk> with a few silvery threads . though he were in a <unk> , and was becoming as mad as those he saw . d ’ artagnan . the story now ? ” one in paris my	136.883056640625
dear friend ; therefore i apply to you . tell you , will escape ; benedetto will be punished . ” with a fatal gift , she brought misfortune upon everything she touched . winter saw buckingham was dead , he ran to felton , whom the soldiers still guarded on the terrace of the palace . horse furniture is ? ” the lock of the first door , and the creaking of hinges was audible . cried the hollow voice of athos , “ i can hear d ’ artagnan , i think . ” he , “ here is monsieur d ’ artagnan ’ s answer . ” go well ; m. d ’ épinay , if he is an honorable man , will consider himself	72.7493667602539
more than ever pledged to mademoiselle de villefort , unless he were actuated by a decided feeling of avarice , but that is impossible . ” ? ” , ” said the abbé . this , ” said the two musketeers , with one voice . well received . the care of his guards again , and let him wait till i send for him . ” thus afforded to men and horses enabled them to continue their journey at a good round pace . is a hercules killing <unk> , a <unk> freeing <unk> . ” and a flask of monte <unk> , was the bill of fare . i could not conceal from myself the scrape i had got into by laying hands on one of	115.99075317382812
his majesty ’ s <unk> told him i was quite ready to submit to his conditions . your cousin , then ! ” cried milady ; “ i will have ten . ” charming country , and i <unk> on one condition only . ” you are thus ! valentine . maximilian , you are certainly concealing something from us . ” it , you can do better , ” said danglars . but i am <unk> expecting one ; it may have arrived since i left my office . ” ’ <unk> them , to men ’ s eyes ; ’ , ” replied milady , softening her smile so as to give it an angelic expression , “ my being alone or being persecuted . ”	83.67816925048828
at <unk> ” before some copies of albano and <unk> that had been passed off to the banker as <unk> ; but which , mere copies as they were , seemed to feel their degradation in being brought into <unk> with the <unk> colors that covered the ceiling . easy on that head , ’ said ali , smiling ; ‘ selim and his flaming lance will settle that matter . betrayed me ? ” thou to do with me ? ’ as <unk> said . first time i ever heard of anybody trying to cure gunshot wounds with <unk> ’ <unk> ; but you were ill , and illness renders the head weak , therefore you may be excused . ” , and therefore he retained the	190.51620483398438
entire confidence of his superior , la ramee , who now relied upon him more than he did upon himself , for , as we have said , la ramee felt at the bottom of his heart a certain weakness for monsieur de beaufort . your finger . ” ! ” which answered this speech was most decided and terrible , and expressed a feeling almost amounting to hatred . for that is , i believe , the phrase for <unk> ambition . ” have once devoted your life to your enterprises , you are no longer the equal of other men , or , rather , other men are no longer your equals , and <unk> has taken this resolution , feels his strength and resources doubled	134.82688903808594
. ” we have an account to settle with him , and that it is not our custom to leave a place without paying our debts , of this kind , at least . ” are we not ? ” she asked . here , ” she said , “ anything but general conditions ; the interests of the prince de conti or of the ducs de beaufort , de bouillon and d ’ elbeuf and of the coadjutor , are <unk> consulted ; but with regard to yours ? ” , d ’ artagnan alighted at the door of m. de tréville , and ran quickly up the stairs . of your cell faces <unk> <unk> a minute , now where does it face ? ” fear	90.8534927368164
, vasiliki ? ’ said selim , in a voice at once so gentle and yet so proud . for his safety and anxious to tell him all the events of the evening , but he cut her short by ordering her to put his supper in his room and give him with it a bottle of good burgundy . porthos to aramis , “ we must do something . ” days , after having made a splendid dinner , he reckoned his accounts , and found that he had only 50,000 francs left . <unk> ? ” clerks that used to fill the deserted corridor and the empty office , but two remained . albert , “ is there any formality to fulfil before i take leave	133.53268432617188
of your excellency ? ” them pass . , though , ” said porthos ; “ and the proof is that i paid twelve pistoles for it . ” ? ” with his musket in one hand and his hat in the other , he said , bowing courteously and addressing the soldiers and the pioneers , who , astonished at this apparition , stopped fifty paces from the bastion : “ gentlemen , a few friends and myself are about to breakfast in this bastion . for the required information to m. de boville , who , from having been an inspector of prisons , was promoted to a high office in the police ; and the latter begged for two days time to ascertain exactly who	102.48474884033203
would be most likely to give him full particulars . , ” replied the doctor ; “ but now we are <unk> ” ; she would have cut your throat , and after that everybody else ’ s . 3rd . ” . , except under the most extraordinary occasions . , ” said the commissary , addressing athos , “ declare all that passed yesterday between you and monsieur . ” of an intimacy of too tender a nature with coligny , who , for her sake , had been killed in a duel , in the place royale , by the duc de guise . <unk> future , my lost honor , my defiled love , and my salvation forever compromised by the despair into which	117.97784423828125
you have cast me . about to treat with the court . ” to take revenge for the game of tennis yesterday ? ” successor of st. peter , and represents the three divine powers ; the <unk> <unk> the <unk> <unk> bless in the name of the holy <unk> and angels . porthos , who had just knocked down his man . three thousand lire , and three thousand lire are a fortune for two poor orphans who are going to be married . of what consequence is it if she kills me ? ” said athos . then , ” he said , rather uttering his thoughts aloud than addressing his companion , — “ it is true , then , that all our actions leave	137.81016540527344
their <unk> sad , others <unk> our paths ; it is true that every step in our lives is like the course of an insect on the sands ; —it leaves its track ! whither ? ” chapter xlii . went direct to the tapestry , which he pushed aside . constance in the world . ” marched gravely after the valet-de-chambre , who opened the door of the vestibule , then another which seemed to be that of a waiting-room , and showing them two stools : maintain the contrary , ” said d ’ artagnan . <unk> would be fine work . ” of my marriage , <unk> they not ? ” said the queen , addressing d ’ artagnan , “ what is to be	116.3690185546875
done ? by a single family , the room door was <unk> with glass ; but it was locked , maximilian was shut in , and it was impossible to see what was passing in the room , because a red curtain was drawn before the glass . asked de guiche . busoni remained alone with noirtier in the chamber of death , and that the old man and the priest were the sole guardians of the young girl ’ s body . our <unk> , and then pay a last visit to st. peter ’ s ? ” without saying a word more ; danglars , therefore , concluded that such luxuries were common at the table of the illustrious descendant of the cavalcanti , who most	99.75269317626953
likely in lucca fed upon trout brought from switzerland , and lobsters sent from england , by the same means used by the count to bring the lampreys from lake fusaro , and the sterlet from the volga . months the level was finished , and the excavation completed beneath the gallery , and the two workmen could distinctly hear the measured tread of the sentinel as he paced to and fro over their heads . ; do not boast of what you have come to paris to do , or have done ; return with all speed ; enter marseilles at night , and your house by the <unk> , and there remain , quiet , submissive , secret , and , above all , inoffensive ;	265.8216552734375
for this time , i swear to you , we shall act like powerful men who know their enemies . , which passed rapidly through the faubourg <unk> , along the faubourg saint-martin , crossed the barrier , and threaded its way through the interminable villette . “ la <unk> <unk> ” she was the widow of the marquis de <unk> when she married de ganges , and having the misfortune to excite the enmity of her new <unk> , was forced by them to take poison ; and they finished her off with pistol and <unk> . forgotten ; if he passes over into france his cause is lost . ” know of your parisian husbands ? ” thrown over in which he represented to the rochellais	145.82357788085938
how unjust , selfish , and barbarous was the conduct of their leaders . countenance , but a sinister smile passed over the lips of athos . a laugh ; a terrible laugh , that showed he must have suffered horribly to be able thus to laugh . friend the history of his excursion to the island of monte cristo and of his finding a party of smugglers there , and the two corsican bandits with them . ” said athos , “ what are your schemes ? since declared yourself the friend of that person , he thinks it his duty to respond to that friendship by sending you important information . suspended from one of the branches of the oak which shaded his daughter ’ s	158.4025115966797
grave . with us ? ” asked mousqueton , with a serene and glowing countenance . father ? ” it is already five o ’ clock , so make haste . ” jeweller made the diamond play and sparkle in the <unk> , and the <unk> threw out <unk> of light which made him unmindful of those <unk> of the <unk> to play in at the windows . remembrance of this girl a remembrance of anger ; and a desire of vengeance disordered the features of milady , which , however , immediately recovered the calm and benevolent expression which this woman of a hundred faces had for a moment allowed them to lose . , ” said he , “ we appear to pass rather gay nights	122.49815368652344
! cavalier with the curate . of seeing me soon return . ” me , for i knew you from the time i gave up two rooms to you , invited you to breakfast with me , lent you one of my carriages , witnessed the carnival in your company , and saw with you from a window in the piazza del popolo the execution that affected you so much that you nearly fainted . he , “ see why mademoiselle eugénie has asked me to meet her in the drawing-room , and why she makes me wait so long . ” why i take such care you shall not deprive me of mine . angle of the street , he turned . <unk> , and by the	115.15985107421875
evening he had succeeded in <unk> ten handfuls of plaster and fragments of stone . that such a simple expedition requires . ” heard on leaving my prison fourteen years after i had entered it ; and that is why , on account of the living mercédès and my deceased father , i have sworn to revenge myself on fernand , and—i have revenged myself . ” them be of any service to you ? ” gates i declared that i had found the child on the road , and i inquired where the asylum was ; the box confirmed my statement , the linen proved that the infant belonged to wealthy parents , the blood with which i was covered might have proceeded from the child as	243.07650756835938
well as from anyone else . ; i will entertain you tonight . the captain of your little vessel , on entering the <unk> , sent forward , in order to obtain permission to enter the port , a little boat bearing his <unk> and the register of his voyagers ? respecting it ? ” convenient at paris , —when anything can not be done , you pay double , and it is done directly . ” , bernouin . ” into those wide-open eyes which had seemed to be penetrating the mysteries of death ; no longer could he clasp the hand which had done so much to make his existence blessed . , ” he said , “ but it must be very tedious for a	116.88008117675781
lifetime . ” he said , “ which way do we go ? and i will stay and take care of the wounded man . ” kissed it . hand on the young girl ’ s arm , drew the velvet coverlet close to her throat , and said with a paternal smile : to speak to your excellency ; i told him you were gone out , and after some dispute he believed me and gave me this letter , which he had brought with him already sealed . ” from your holsters . ” ” evening , if that suits you ; by that time we shall have returned . ” am not his friend , ” said she , sighing , “ but his victim	76.86195373535156
! ” paris all day long , ” said athos , “ and if we have no news this evening we will return to the road to picardy ; and i feel no doubt that , thanks to d ’ artagnan ’ s ready invention , we shall then find some clew which will solve our doubts . ” s carriage ! ” she exclaimed , falling back . do , maltese ? ” asked the captain . ” he said , and led them back to noirtier . stretch his limbs , little by little , and under the pretense of much heat throw off the scotch <unk> which covered him . letter be you bear to his eminence ? ” that marie michon , ” resumed	102.56536865234375
athos , “ one of those wild creatures who are constantly <unk> the strangest ideas . prudence . , my dear baron , the best and easiest way is to leave them to their fancies , and allow them to act as they please , and then , if any mischief follows , why , at least , they have no one to blame but themselves . ” ” exclaimed cocles , “ what can it mean ? —the _pharaon_ ? ” to say ? ’ inquired the young man who was in command in the chief ’ s absence . she is not there ? ” instead of him , and in his place ; the storm will blow over more easily , believe me . excited	106.94673156738281
look . you ? ” , young man , that he who sleeps over a mine the match of which is already lighted , may consider himself in safety in comparison with you . ” in ignorance of the dangers that might <unk> a young girl of her age . an <unk> on all vessels at present in his majesty ’ s ports , and without particular permission , not one dare lift an anchor . ” have made a <unk> excursion to the south of france may <unk> have noticed , about midway between the town of beaucaire and the village of bellegarde , —a little nearer to the former than to the latter , —a small roadside inn , from the front of which hung ,	191.14453125
creaking and <unk> in the wind , a sheet of tin covered with a grotesque representation of the pont du gard . one of them , my uncle , and that you cried louder than the others : ‘ she must die. ’ therefore i warn you , and listen well to my words , that they may be engraved upon your memory , never to be forgotten : this murder , which has robbed me of <unk> murder , which has deprived me of my <unk> murder , which has impoverished <unk> murder , which has made me corrupt , wicked , <unk> shall summon you to account for it first and then those who were your accomplices , when i discover them ! ” had passed	173.50643920898438
it on his voyage to and from the levant , but never touched at it . had attempted to regain his bed , but had not had sufficient strength to do so . ; though he was in his own element . ” you make us happy by giving us an excuse for expatiating on this subject . inquiring disposition we are acquainted with , had <unk> interest he had in satisfying his curiosity on this <unk> able to assign any cause for these fits , or for the periods of their recurrence . shares , the news got out , and i no longer <unk> gave them away , next day i find the news was false , and by this false report i have lost 700,000	211.77008056640625
francs . ” , ” said athos , “ let us go home and read it . ” row of the crowd , admirably placed for seeing ; and as on the whole the sight was curious , he probably wished to stay to the end . ” ? ” asked the host . you that you may rely on my tenderness ? ” mordaunt ; we have both myself and monsieur du vallon , taken two knights of the garter , nothing less . ” into her mind . remembered the tale he had told his friends on a certain evening . and it must be admitted that she seemed very anxious . ” is the termination to the main road to vendomois , and nothing else	88.56041717529297
. ” de la chevrette they found the baron ’ s equipage all ready and mousqueton on his saddle . , going to the tennis court , found two rows of trees about the size of his little finger planted by the roadside ; he asked what they were for and was told that they were to shade him from the sun on some future day . have <unk> enough , gentlemen , be assured , ” said d ’ artagnan . , emmanuel came to his wife , who had just finished making up the accounts . was dead ? ” with the <unk> and the omelet . him in again , and by the light of a lamp on the staircase made him ascend the steps	108.21228790283203
backward one by one , keeping his eyes all the time on mordaunt ’ s hands , who , however , knowing that it was useless , attempted no resistance . she , without losing any of her cheerfulness , “ this is singular ! eyes to the utmost , astonished to find in blaisois qualities for which he did not give him credit . , to divine all , to anticipate all . peculiar manner at a door , which after being opened to admit her was again fastened , and curiosity penetrated no farther . ” i speak of , absolute calm and silence are necessary , and then a certain preparation—— ” d ’ artagnan . he , as soon as they were by themselves	161.64830017089844
, “ tell me what it is ? ” d ’ artagnan , what has happened to you ? ” he with an air of triumph which would have puzzled the most clever <unk> . ? ” asked porthos . tréville gains ten thousand crowns a year ; he is therefore a great noble . except the sciences , alleging in this respect the inveterate hatred he had borne to scholars from his childhood . was <unk> among the first gentlemen of the kingdom ; and d ’ artagnan , followed by a lackey , and traveling with four magnificent horses , despite the simplicity of his uniform , could not fail to make a sensation . sirs , ” said the sick man , “ and may	90.52687072753906
you both be blessed for your piety . relation . . ” the monk . , rosy in color , and looks as if efforts had been made to efface it by the application of <unk> ? ” a young girl , as beautiful as she is today . his companion come out . ” athos . appeared in the doorway , almost as pale as those in the chamber . athos ; “ but at all events listen well to this . me with his hand ! is come home . ” man , ” said villefort . the count , “ you are under the roof of one who esteems himself most fortunate in having been able to save you from a further <unk> of your	82.40557098388672
sufferings . ” the count , “ i am witness that m. morrel can not give up his horse , his honor being engaged in keeping it . ” said monte cristo in the same language . hour after the scene we have just described , she heard someone speaking in a low voice at the door . . singing masses has spoiled your voice . ” gate , and , as on the preceding evening , went up to her chamber . . . ” . ’ ” , who had passed a wretched existence since the previous day . ” forever in prison , and one day or other he will leave it , and the day when he comes out , woe <unk> him who	66.69375610351562
was the cause of his incarceration ! ” said , “ you are a profound <unk> and your plan was sublime . ” porthos ? ” replied the musketeer , with a sad smile which d ’ artagnan alone understood . said ; “ i don ’ t suppose there is a more contented man at this moment in all the kingdom than yourself ! ” not be ! ” so without questioning her lover as to where he was conducting her , for he appeared to her at this moment as handsome , proud , and powerful as a god . name by chance ; for before fighting us , these four gentlemen told us their names ; the second was called the comte de la fere	81.03898620605469
. received all who came ; he had an excuse for not eating any more ; the doctor had put him on a <unk> . ” distance from the house and alighted . of that generous friend , ” said the king , “ that i may cherish for him an eternal gratitude , whether he succeeds or not . ” get . ” said planchet . with your porter ; he is to be trusted . silently and had just placed his glass on the table to be filled a second time , when a terrific scream resounded from the room occupied by the monk and the dying man . he , “ when i am gone , that you may not be witness of my anger	85.32247161865234
. ” ” and sighed . , brought the pipes and coffee , and disappeared . the assistance of the english fleet and of the diversion promised by buckingham , surrendered after a siege of a year . , no money ? ” fernand , restless and uneasy , seemed to start at every fresh sound , and from time to time wiped away the large drops of perspiration that gathered on his brow . said , “ there have been some who have suffered more than i have , but then they must have been martyrs at least . ” the coachman , and drove standing , for reasons known to himself , like <unk> of antiquity . we are all right as regards the executioner ,	147.41705322265625
” said athos ; “ but unfortunately every executioner has his assistant , his man , or whatever you call him . ” the clock , counting time now not by minutes , but by seconds . one another . brings you ; make the campaign like a handsome true gentleman , and think of me , who kisses tenderly your black eyes . you are , do you persist in fixing on me that fascinating eye , which reminds me that i ought to blush ? suffused the cheeks of dantès . , monseigneur , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ and i am conscious of a greatness of soul in your eminence that makes me mean as an <unk> ; but since monseigneur permits me	168.00726318359375
to speak <unk> ” and stopped in her flight ? transient as lightning , replied to raoul . corridor as before , crossed one court , then a second side of a building ; at length , at the gate of the entrance court he found a carriage surrounded by four guards on horseback . man ; but the banker , recollecting what had transpired the day before , did not wish him admitted . ” and he put it back again into his pocket . yourself who have first named <unk> , her father . ” with the greatest simplicity , but the most fastidious dandy could have found nothing to <unk> at in his toilet . but the friends of aramis were not at all convinced	133.0706329345703
by his <unk> , and one of them addressed the young musketeer with affected seriousness . rome will be present , and if your fair _incognita_ belong to the higher class of society , she must go there . ” of the <unk> in which it has been dissolved . <unk> camp all the resources heaven has left me , and i write to you in haste from thence . room to give the requisite orders , baptistin opened the door : he held a letter on a silver waiter . woman enveloped in a large veil , which completely concealed her . unusual smile were bestowed on m. danglars ; the count , in return for his gentlemanly bow , received a formal though graceful courtesy ,	183.9926300048828
while lucien exchanged with the count a sort of distant recognition , and with danglars a free and easy nod . good a comrade to leave his brothers in embarrassment while he wears the ransom of a king on his finger . ” that i should have the honor of seeing your majesty , i encumbered myself with this dress , but you will find me none the less a man devoted to your majesty ’ s service , in whatever way you may see fit to use me . ” ” said aramis to juxon . he , “ i have travelled through sicily and <unk> have sailed two months in the archipelago , and yet i never saw even the shadow of a bandit or a	141.42881774902344
<unk> . ” badly chosen for a private conference . i had incurred disgrace with your eminence . ” is an ambuscade , they will deliberate ; and by the time they have found out the pleasantry , we shall be out of the range of their balls . of prison and find in all italy a <unk> courageous enough to publish what i have composed , my literary reputation is forever secured . ” a very singular form , which appeared to have come from a distance . i take a ride in the fields and on the property of my <unk> , in order to pick up a nice little quarrel , which i am really in want of , but nothing happens . was mad	154.67941284179688
. may , sir , ” said the queen with a bitter smile ; “ you were not so timid once . ” d ’ artagnan that planchet had returned , bringing mousqueton with him , who had heroically borne the extraction of the ball and was as well as his state would permit . could not have become more ghastly pale . him with exemplary <unk> , and when he had finished said , “ and madame bonacieux , do you know who carried her off ? —for i do not forget that i owe to that unpleasant circumstance the good fortune of having made your acquaintance . ” right moment had arrived , he took the knife , <unk> open the teeth , which offered less	104.42010498046875
resistance than before , counted one after the other twelve drops , and watched ; the phial contained , perhaps , twice as much more . ; these two can not have drunk all the cellar . houdinière and cahusac to stop , he alighted from his horse , and went toward these suspected merry companions , hoping , by means of the sand which deadened the sound of his steps and of the hedge which concealed his approach , to catch some words of this conversation which appeared so interesting . a poor mercer , who detests huguenots and who <unk> spaniards , to be accused of high treason ? the agitated mercer , “ do me the pleasure , monsieur , to tell me how my	219.591064453125
own proper affair can become worse by anything my wife does while i am in prison ? ” his eyes , it was the sign agreed on between him and valentine when he wanted anything . bracieux estate was four leagues distant , but that porthos was not at bracieux . , the “ eye severe ” of the magistrate had lost nothing of its habitual <unk> . , who in the society of his friend parry has perhaps picked up a little english , and can act as my interpreter . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , then first thinking of the costume he found himself in , “ that ’ s true . remember that the poor abbé , whom all the world called	173.95162963867188
mad , was not so . , for the rest , executed with a silent rapidity that gave a good idea of the way in which he maintained discipline . , at last ! remarkable things in him , that if you would have me really say what i think , i shall reply that i really do look upon him as one of byron ’ s heroes , whom misery has marked with a fatal brand ; some manfred , some lara , some <unk> , one of those wrecks , as it were , of some ancient family , who , disinherited of their patrimony , have achieved one by the force of their adventurous genius , which has placed them above the laws of society	195.4612274169922
. ” the young man to the sentinel . learn , once for all , that that is a question which is never asked . ” be a crime . in his calm manner . language , did he ? ” and seeing near her stepmother the stranger of whom she had already heard so much , saluted him without any girlish awkwardness , or even lowering her eyes , and with an elegance that redoubled the count ’ s attention . morrel ; i was really happy . ” d ’ artagnan , “ i believe we must . between the point of the jetty , surmounted by a beacon just lighted , and a rock which <unk> out . then , done to you , ”	82.90766143798828
said felton , much agitated , “ that you should load me with such a responsibility before god and before men ? in their cells ; but they did not do so with m. bonacieux . ; degradation took away two-thirds of her greatness . mind ; and yet we become accustomed to them , her voice is so beautiful . ” ’ épinay . have desired the same horses you came with to be put to one of my carriages , and ali , he whom you think so very ugly , ” continued he , addressing the boy with a smiling air , “ will have the honor of driving you home , while your coachman remains here to attend to the necessary repairs of your	147.55291748046875
calash . madame , you must ; and i will save them all . ” of a thief . ” a nubian to purchase a house , and a mute to furnish it ? —he will do everything wrong . ” aramis , “ this will reconcile me to him ; but i wish he were here that i might tell him that i did not believe him capable of so noble an act . ” , ” said aramis ; “ for <unk> as you are , you must need repose . ” right ; i am but a poor friend to you . i recollect m. debray told <unk> , what has become of him ? was heard nearer . murmured mme . , as much	73.3943099975586
as to say he did not understand french , and d ’ artagnan tried to make him comprehend by signs and gestures . vessel , with the wind dead ahead , was <unk> between the château d ’ if and the tower of planier . monte cristo , “ the loss of a sum of money becomes almost immaterial with a fortune such as you possess , and to one of your philosophic spirit . ” not only by these signs , but also from the accent with which he spoke to the postilion , as a frenchman . this means , ” exclaimed he . commands to leave with me , my father ? ” inquired maximilian in a faltering voice . an hour to refresh their	114.01799011230469
horses . afar , and the cardinal is <unk> . ” good friend , ” said d ’ artagnan to him , “ i must invite you to deprive yourself , for my sake , of your hat and cloak . ” know that it was inhabited by a young man ? ” then . ” just arrived by the route of dammartin , was seated at the same table , and was breakfasting . , friend ? of former days . ” . resumed he , after having <unk> his tongue against his palate , “ they are brave fellows ! was meant by the terrible word ‘ vendetta ’ ? ” his pocket , and presented it to the man who had spoken to him .	51.37120819091797
the cardinal know . ” repeated the cavalier a second time , letting his cloak fall , and leaving his face uncovered . d ’ artagnan to the two friends , “ you may well wish ill to mazarin ; for i assure you , on his side he wishes you no good . ” not on him , monsieur ; it was on another . ” beauchamp . with a determination to remain there for the rest of my life . said d ’ artagnan to himself , to whose mind the niece of the theologian reverted , “ _pardieu_ , it would be droll if this belated dove should be in search of our friend ’ s house . subject at length some future time ,	101.78777313232422
” said he . that the grave-digger had found the object of his search . danglars , who had shown violent marks of agitation during the sitting , and been more bitter than ever against the ministry , re-entered his carriage , and told the coachman to drive to the avenue des champs-élysées , no . name ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . and as nature has endowed me with some faculties , at this day i can throw the lasso with any man in the world . . ” very cunning when advising milady to renounce , by pardoning de wardes , the furious projects she had formed . brains out of the first man who leaves the pump , ’ said he . ” cut	156.79620361328125
on <unk> while aramis and porthos <unk> on their steeds . ” one another in alarm . chair for morrel , requested barrois not to admit anyone , and having tenderly embraced her grandfather , and sorrowfully taken leave of morrel , she went away . to be gone through , and which are always the same . you to push him on in that world where he is called on to occupy a place . ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ you were all in the plot , then ! like you , considered himself the <unk> of men . ” difficulty , ” said porthos , “ and a good push with the <unk> ” are ; it is not very difficult to discover that.	105.51605224609375
” and the young girl smiled on her grandfather , as if he had been a child . continued to see , the image of what they had witnessed ; but little by little the general vertigo seized them , and they felt themselves obliged to take part in the noise and confusion . had been particularly ill-tempered . during twenty-two years of service , seen his master extricate himself from so many difficulties that nothing less than athos ’ s imminent death was likely to make him uneasy . the rest of the company , anxiously awaiting him , and his entrance was followed by a general exclamation . ! ” said d ’ artagnan to himself , and darted into the passage . pity towards you	132.4014434814453
, maximilian , <unk> to me <unk> i do not cure you in a month , to the day , to the very hour , mark my words , morrel , i will place loaded pistols before you , and a cup of the deadliest italian <unk> poison more sure and prompt than that which has killed valentine . ” entrance triumphantly into the fort l ’ evêque , whence he delivered the musketeer , whose peaceful indifference had not for a moment abandoned him . de villefort , ” said renée , becoming more and more terrified ; “ you surely are not in earnest . ” around them . any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions . let us walk in the	194.6040496826172
park , ” answered porthos , “ for the sake of digestion . ” ? ” in preparations at the hôtel de ville for this important evening . ” said the executioner ; “ if this dagger is withdrawn i shall die . ” danglars was suffering from that nervous irritability which women frequently can not account for even to themselves ; or that , as debray had guessed , she had experienced some secret agitation that she would not acknowledge to anyone . be an assassin . my side ! baptistin , as if that name sufficed for his excuse . you please . ” thought that considering three months ’ lodging , about which i have said <unk> ” the field . leisure hours in the	123.59545135498047
donjon of vincennes . use to anybody . ” to seat himself in an armchair , and placed before him the register and documents relative to the château d ’ if , giving him all the time he desired for the examination , while de boville seated himself in a corner , and began to read his newspaper . cristo however , marked his coming ; and a slight though meaning smile passed over his lips . the vizier of yanina had up to the last moment honored him with his entire confidence , since he had interested him with a negotiation of life and death with the emperor . you are in more danger riding than on foot . ” see , your excellency , ” cried	139.34317016601562
the steward , “ that this is not natural ; that , having a house to purchase , you purchase it exactly at auteuil , and that , purchasing it at auteuil , this house should be no . indulgent to you in your dying moments than you found the abbé busoni , send for me , if i am still on earth , and i will soothe your ears with words that shall effectually calm and soothe your parting soul ere it goes forth to traverse the ocean called eternity . ” ” i existed when it was arranged by your two families that you should be united . , ” said athos , “ i perceive you know me . ” path which , going out	163.02561950683594
from the road , skirted the <unk> . become archbishop in his uncle ’ s place , and cardinal , like mazarin ; and the popular party could with difficulty accord him favors so entirely royal . then . ” ” cried mazarin . , under the prince , count . ” meet you ; but , ” added he , looking at d ’ artagnan with a certain degree of uneasiness , “ you know what has happened to me ? ” the carriage . <unk> proves that in momentous circumstances nothing is more natural than the <unk> the <unk> , watching at the door , suddenly cried out : madame , ” said the stranger , “ and let us continue our way . ” athos	68.12670135498047
, “ by his own nephew . ” bridle of his horse into the hands of a peasant , remounted the steps , went into the cathedral , there to kneel down in the darkest corner and pray . ” said milady ; “ the letter is precise . to dammartin , ” said aramis . <unk> ! d ’ artagnan , addressing the guardsmen , “ you may easily comprehend that such a feast can only be very dull after what has taken place ; so accept my excuses , and put off the party till another day , i beg of you . ” , ” said porthos ; and he listened toward the quarter indicated by d ’ artagnan . other object in coming to	78.30843353271484
england but to see me ? ” ” said beauchamp , “ on horseback , at full gallop , followed by a servant . ” to the worthy cardinals , spada and rospigliosi , let us ask both of them to dinner , something tells me that we shall get that money back . the composition of the letter , there is nothing to be said ; but as regards the <unk> of the document , i certainly have doubts . ” ” replied the same voice , with the same menacing accent . as well as he could , and promised to remain insensible to the seductions of milady . ” of his command . speak . , monsieur de rochefort , ” replied mazarin , “	70.06523895263672
i am not , like monsieur de richelieu , all-powerful . well believe that , for neither of them was worth a penny . ” in paris ? ” the successive charges which were brought against him . i don ’ t know ; but i understand that she is going to italy . all through an opening he had made in the curtain , and in the very first man who entered he recognized planchet . he said to porthos . ’ aguillon ’ s , and you pay your court to her ; you go to madame de bois-tracy ’ s , the cousin of madame de chevreuse , and you pass for being far advanced in the good graces of that lady . door ,	84.58020782470703
awaiting the explanation of this strange occurrence . to begin anew in my society and in that of porthos , the exploits of our youth ? ” and the other chieftains recoiled before this unexpected rescue , which seemed to come from heaven for the prince they already thought was their prisoner , athos and aramis dragged the king from the <unk> assembly into which he had so imprudently ventured , and throwing themselves on horseback all three returned at full gallop to the royal tent . and i accept it , and have returned to sleep beneath your friendly roof . ’ twice a day he cast out , through the barred aperture , the provisions his jailer brought <unk> first gayly , then with <unk> ,	232.8216094970703
and at last with regret . of buckingham , named montague , was taken , and proof was obtained of a league between the german empire , spain , england , and lorraine . du vallon , is that your advice ? strong for two of us , but not strong enough for three of us , ” returned d ’ artagnan . us , i will show monsieur de tréville ’ s letter , and you will show your leaves of absence . you speaking , danglars ? ” ? ” my papers , ” said monte cristo , “ they want to kill me ; they are no robbers , but assassins . grace has , in the precipitation with which he quit the isle of	81.25191497802734
ré , forgotten and left behind him in his lodging a certain letter from madame de chevreuse which singularly <unk> the queen , inasmuch as it proves not only that her majesty can love the enemies of the king but that she can conspire with the enemies of france . had my three friends here , ” cried he , “ i should have , at least , some hopes of finding her ; but who knows what has become of them ? ” , but met with a smooth surface ; dantès touched it , and found that it was a beam . mode of proceeding piqued the lady in the black hood , for she bit her lips till they bled , scratched the end of	173.25552368164062
her nose , and could not sit still in her seat . ; alas , nothing can alleviate so great a <unk> wound is too deep and too fresh ! porthos ; “ she has ordered relays of horses . ” crown into his pocket . boudoir , to which we have already once introduced our readers , and where the baroness was examining some drawings , which her daughter passed to her after having looked at them with m. cavalcanti , his presence soon produced its usual effect , and it was with smiles that the baroness received the count , although she had been a little disconcerted at the announcement of his name . days ago , ” said d ’ artagnan , and he <unk>	136.47311401367188
with gascon wit and <unk> the magnificence of porthos in his chateau of pierrefonds ; nor did he neglect to launch a few arrows of wit at the excellent monsieur mouston . horse fit to return immediately ? ” now and then by the still darker lines of the roofs of houses . , ” said aramis the cardinal , to whom his most inveterate <unk> have never denied personal bravery , from making nocturnal excursions , sometimes to communicate to the duc d ’ angoulême important orders , sometimes to confer with the king , and sometimes to have an interview with a messenger whom he did not wish to see at home . quite right . , ” said aramis , “ i believe you meddle	208.06797790527344
with my conversation . ” so easy to forget , monsieur , that the very next day after your princely gift you saved the life of my dear friend , madame de villefort , which was endangered by the very animals your generosity restored to me . ” ? ” asked monte cristo . any one should dare to address him . examination take place ? ” mazarin , with his most smiling expression . , —that ’ s pretty good , when i haven ’ t eaten for twenty-four hours ! ” muttered danglars . ” felt strength to detach himself by a violent effort from the hand he held , he sprang away , running , while mme . a reddish color , which dissolved immediately	115.99749755859375
. horses , that they might take a little rest without being unsaddled , and grimaud was posted as sentinel . count de guiche a blush spread over the cheeks of the young princess and the queen glanced at her with some degree of severity . midnight sounded , the sentinel was relieved . quai they encountered bazin , who was running breathlessly . ” , then , in the meantime ? ” wiped his brow and went and bolted the door . said the king , “ that it is useless for you to resist . moved since you have been a prisoner ? ” the advice . ” ” replied tréville , who saw at the first glance how things would go , “ on the	112.41131591796875
contrary , they are good creatures , as <unk> as lambs , and have but one desire , i ’ ll be their warranty . from newcastle , and no doubt want to carry off the king . lord all the happiness i ever knew . mme . , carried it into the corner of his cell , and covered it with earth . of the catalan <unk> , a red and black bodice , and golden pins in her hair . begin to suffer again . ” from god ; art thou a minister from hell ; art thou an angel or a demon ; <unk> thou thyself <unk> or <unk> ? ” sweet dream <unk> by the possession of two hundred and nineteen louis , made	169.33578491210938
in a quarter of an hour , when a voice was heard at the door of the hall , which made him stir . about to stop there . ” replied albert . sad heart from the house in which he had left mercédès , probably never to behold her again . me ? ” said felton . ! ” cry of france , ‘ <unk> and st. denis ! ’ the war cry of england is too often in the mouths of traitors . ” twenty times the lines traced by the hand of his beautiful mistress . after having double-locked the door . anne of austria , when d ’ artagnan reappeared , “ what does it mean ? ” quarter of an hour a faltering	69.49178314208984
footstep was heard , and villefort appeared at the door of the apartment where d ’ avrigny and morrel had been staying , one absorbed in meditation , the other in grief . man of vast stature and proportions . and opened her eyes . , advantageous to him in one sense , for in proportion as the perspiration broke from his forehead , his heart began to cool . sign to porthos to redouble his watchfulness ; then turning to mazarin : valentine , “ my grandfather has told me to open that drawer in the secretaire , but there is a secret spring in it , which you <unk> you open it ? ” way , i beg , sir , ” quickly exclaimed the cardinal	105.77114868164062
, “ be so good as to pass by yonder gallery , by which you can regain the hall . villefort , “ this seems to me the truth . the ocean , that terrible barrier against freedom , which the prisoners look upon with utter despair . , therefore , was profoundly dull . joyful glance ; half of the work was done . have about you. ” danglars felt a dreadful spasm dart through his heart . he is about in the cellar . ” said d ’ artagnan . . sir , ” murmured milady , lowering her voice , and allowing herself to sink overpowered to the ground ; “ i have told my secret ! make a terrestrial paradise of it . ”	117.42910766601562
. , and mousqueton , having closed the door , mounted behind the carriage with many groans . answered beauchamp . need of protection ; for it is fit you should know , monsieur d ’ artagnan , that i have received heavy and serious complaints against you . ” dreadful thing , ” said the young musician ; “ who would have suspected it ? although i am sure that general oliver cromwell can intend them no harm , it would have a bad appearance . ” this favor and harrison consented . ” said monte cristo with a searching look . to door , bending under the weight of swords , guns , muskets and every kind of weapon , which he deposited as fast as	109.95858001708984
he could . she saw the deepest terror depicted in noirtier ’ s eyes . vision of henry iv . ” a good joke ! ” thought of it ? ” ; but they are on the track . ” she hurriedly , “ you know poor grandmamma died an hour since , and now i have no friend in the world but you . ” reputation of being the least curious and the least wearisome man in france . rather <unk> up , the hole dantès had made ; it was necessary , therefore , to dig above or under it . that not a <unk> doubt or suspicion lingers in your mind ? ” in arranging a little plan , of which we shall hereafter see	134.5358428955078
the execution , and which promised him some agreeable adventure , as might be seen by the smiles which from time to time passed over his countenance , whose <unk> they animated . us , ” said m. de tréville . previous one—the old editions will be <unk> . of god and death , as he has spoken to many another dying man , not understanding that this one leaves his throne to an usurper , his children to the cold contempt of public charity . ” a condition to <unk> with serious revolt . . the two gendarmes . , his mind perfectly clear , but the same <unk> of moving or speaking . ” ” said château-renaud . you , fabulous as it may seem ,	128.3798370361328
i tell it as a true one from beginning to end . two steps , was engaged with the foe , whom , according to custom , he attacked <unk> , but he met this time with a skill and a strength of arm that gave him pause . . ” morrel , “ will the house of thomson & french consent ? ” the major . with their feet ; they bit their lips till the blood came , and grasped the hilts of their swords with all their might . replied d ’ artagnan ; “ the honor of no one will have cause to complain of what i have to tell . ” without wincing . chair , made two turns round the chamber ,	102.53783416748047
and pressed his trembling hand against his parched throat . those attempts that happen every day . ” of the <unk> guard , and the other flattened itself against a rock , after having passed within two inches of d ’ artagnan . another man , also <unk> as a cavalier , was talking to a scotch sentinel , and , though a foreigner , he seemed to understand without much difficulty the answers given in the broad <unk> dialect . fit to confront the two violent adversaries whose address and resolution your eminence is fearful of . ” of everything . ” . ” not think the morcerfs would yield to the cavalcanti ? ” count , watching andrea ’ s countenance , “ i do not	150.365234375
demand any confession from you ; it is precisely to avoid that necessity that your father was sent for from lucca . who possess more millions than you have <unk> . also defective , you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem . monte cristo , “ one ’ s title to a millionaire does not last for life , like that of baron , peer of france , or academician ; for example , the millionaires <unk> & <unk> , of <unk> , who have just become bankrupts . ” said d ’ artagnan , with his wise smile . whilst he absorbed his favorite sweetmeat , but when he had finished , he inquired : wanted to kill me !	156.49339294433594
” returned the turnkey . flattered him , for certainly , as you say , he has no manner . of a circumstance i consider very serious ; the young man was either charmed by his nurse , stolen by gypsies , or lost by his tutor , i scarcely know which . ! ” prince ? ” his portrait at a dash . ? ” at auteuil ; the steward ’ s emotion had continued to augment as they entered the village . his mouth . , ” answered aramis ; and they all laughed so heartily that the host appeared in order to inquire whether the gentlemen wanted anything ; he thought they were fighting . are more meritorious and more <unk> ” and a fine	133.7925262451172
ear . ’ work to do to open communication with the king and , according to the calculations of the four friends , they had the entire day before them , since , the executioner being absent , another must be sent for to bristol . pavilion situated at the corner of a large court , and directly opposite another building , in which were the servants ’ apartments . me go , without friends , without money , in a part of france with which i am unacquainted , and where i have never been before ? ” , found nothing to say ; he had come to no determination , and as nothing in the count ’ s manner manifested the wish that he should recognize	130.93675231933594
him , he did not know whether to make any allusion to the past , or wait until he had more proof ; besides , although sure it was he who had been in the box the previous evening , he could not be equally positive that this was the man he had seen at the colosseum . , what can you want that begins with n ? you to write to his majesty , but ask m. de salvieux to do so . at cours la reine . ” to the robbers , ’ said joannes , ‘ here is something for them , ’ and he drew from his pocket a pair of small pistols , loaded to the muzzle . , ” said the queen	100.52091979980469
; “ i have preserved this diamond cross which came from my mother , and this order of st. michael which came from my husband . : my brother , who was coming to my assistance to take me away by force if it were necessary , met with the emissary of the cardinal , who was coming in search of me . have prolonged this conversation far into the night , but athos pointed out to him that his guest must need repose . said the coadjutor ; “ you must be well aware that this requires reflection . ” ! ” he added , whirling his sword around him . ? the duke , and was retiring . glittering with the rain which had recently fallen	101.26522064208984
, and the refreshed herbs sent forth their perfume with additional energy . you for the <unk> manner which you observed between me and eugénie , as in speaking of the man whom i could not love , my thoughts involuntarily reverted to him on whom my affections were fixed . ” comfort , this is better for me than <unk> of gold and cases of diamonds , even were they not as <unk> as the clouds we see in the morning floating over the sea , which we take for _terra firma_ , and which <unk> and vanish as we draw near to them . prince ? ” tasted my life , you would not desire any other , and would never return to the world unless	196.69688415527344
you had some great project to accomplish there . ” brow of the cardinal . leave france . was hideous ; her usual feverish tremulousness was intensified , her countenance had become livid , and her eyes resembled burning <unk> . have been . ” , and can scarcely hope for so good an opportunity to occur again . the proud and sombre bearing peculiar at that time to puritans . ” said anne to him . and announced monsieur le comte de la fere . just , monsieur de tréville , and by and by , by and by we will see . ” cunning than de richelieu was ! repeated . saw him run off from the top of the terrace . ” friend ; besides	123.04023742675781
the harness of your <unk> and mine . ” of the carriage : in that case , to the king that i am determined on war , and that this measure is my first act of hostility against france . ” confirmed all his suspicions , athos returned to the hôtel , and found planchet impatiently waiting for him . not say , like the rest , your will ? ” replied the queen , in a low voice . ” sooner or later , your excellency will find me what i have found you in this my heavy trouble ; and if from the other end of the world you but write me word to do such or such a thing , you may regard it as	102.96630859375
done , for done it shall be , on the word and faith of—— ” valentine , “ you may approve again , for grandpapa is again thinking of it . ” their sergeant stop , stopped in their turn , and so on to the very last . in the morning the sieur de la <unk> , ensign in the king ’ s guards , followed by two officers and several archers of that body , came to the city <unk> , named clement , and demanded of him all the keys of the rooms and offices of the hôtel . question in the affirmative ; but that command must come from the queen herself . ” heard faint moans , and imagining that the unfortunate jeweller	148.69381713867188
might not be quite dead , i determined to go to his relief , by way of <unk> in some slight degree , not for the crime i had committed , but for that which i had not endeavored to prevent . , do you say ? ” <unk> , and you will find the harbors crowded with the <unk> belonging to such of the english as can afford the expense , and have the same liking for this amusement . albert is your friend ? ” continued danglars , “ when a father asks his daughter to choose a husband , he has always some reason for wishing her to marry . disposed of them according to your fancy , and i asked no questions ; but	125.22474670410156
it is not the less true that you have this year received 500,000 livres . ” milady , seeing the stranger lay his hand on his sword , “ the least delay may ruin everything . ” how suddenly i snatched him from those <unk> which he so imprudently touched ? ” . surprised at my detention , ” murmured dantès , “ since my only protector is removed . ” ” asked the baroness . let us make a compact . , believe me , there is little left to regret . assembled , gentlemen , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ permit me to offer you my apologies . ” here i have a right to do so , for it concerns monsieur d ’	81.93812561035156
<unk> ’ artagnan , ” he repeated , in such a manner as to bow the <unk> brow with recollections of the weak and erring woman . expanded ; he knew albert had insulted the count dreadfully , and that in every country in the world such an insult would lead to a deadly duel . answer , ” replied athos . happened to you ? —are you going to make me ring a second time for the carriage ? ” asked monte cristo , in the same tone that louis xiv . seeing him and urging his immediate departure , when , on the very evening of coming to this decision , mme . winter ’ s day , and a ray of that pale english sun	154.41905212402344
which lights but does not warm came through the bars of her prison . of it , my little fellow ? ” said caderousse . in the boat which conveyed him to land , he kept his face toward milady , who , standing on the deck , followed him with her eyes . , madame , ” replied the count . ” whispered caderousse , “ you have deceived me—the trick you spoke of last night has been played ; but i can not suffer a poor old man or an innocent girl to die of grief through your fault . . saint-méran . fere wished me to hasten on , ” replied raoul , “ that i might rejoin the prince on the morning of the	72.04925537109375
fourth day ; let us push on , then , to noyon ; it will be a stage similar to those we traveled from blois to paris . inquired the young man , much alarmed . julie , “ might we not almost fancy , emmanuel , that those people , so rich , so happy but yesterday , had forgotten in their prosperity that an evil <unk> the wicked <unk> in <unk> ’ s stories who present themselves <unk> at a wedding or <unk> over them , and appeared all at once to revenge himself for their fatal neglect ? ” to you ? ” said monte cristo . at the wicket . follow me ? ” said kitty , timidly . your majesty sees that they	124.44525146484375
are come , quite contrite and repentant , to offer you their excuses . ” one . ” of occupation . the major , hastily swallowing his biscuit , “ positively all . ” certainly not intended to penetrate the <unk> of the campagna , he slid down like peppino , and closing his eyes fell upon his feet . everything savors of nobility , ” replied d ’ artagnan . conversation was most interesting to raoul , therefore he listened much , whilst the count talked well and long . be quick , for we have scarcely ten minutes more to pass together . ” having relieved his mind , rejoined mousqueton and they disappeared around an angle of the street . complying with the laws regulating	159.46881103515625
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the united states . : andrea had very cleverly managed to descend two-thirds of the chimney , but then his foot slipped , and notwithstanding his endeavors , he came into the room with more speed and noise than he intended . , has it softened your heart ? ” that ? ” some misfortune has happened ! ” , ” said the man , “ for here are eleven , and i had twenty-one , five more than last year . friends of his own sex , a woman , strange to say , had remembered him . he would consider a little thing like that ? ” , and you poison me ! ” put the pistols	154.82655334472656
in the holsters . madame , i have made over to him the estate of bragelonne , my inheritance , which will give him ten thousand francs a year and the title of vicomte . ” artagnan fell powerless by his side . efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life . evening , and then went to bed , ” replied mademoiselle cornélie . this little property when i quitted the army , as i told you . to become of royalty ? ” ? ” said aramis , smiling ; “ it is possible . his lips . ” said athos . call again , but he could only utter a groan , and he shuddered as the blood flowed	88.69387817382812
from his three wounds . d ’ artagnan , “ they ’ re coming toward us . ” he to himself , while the lamp and the wax lights were nearly burnt out , and the servants were waiting impatiently in the anteroom ; “ what ? you to leave off wearing that style of dress . ” , ” replied d ’ artagnan , pointing to the purse which mazarin still held , “ if you love and esteem him so much , <unk> me ? ” the queen in her political intrigues , but , what tormented him still more , in her amorous intrigues . it will never succeed now , for they attempted it fruitlessly , and napoleon was unable to complete his work	121.97962188720703
. ’ artagnan said to himself , “ he wishes to make me speak out . endeavor to get to the end of our story , beauchamp ; i told you that yesterday madame made inquiries of me upon the subject ; enlighten me , and i will then communicate my information to her . ” has gone in . ” ” said aramis , “ toward him i should be very likely to practice such delicacy of sentiment ! took out a purse . asked mazarin , turning pale . . he , “ give fifty-five thousand francs to monsieur . ” an hour , ” said d ’ artagnan , motioning to porthos not to contradict him . , and bowing to the count , quitted	64.55577850341797
the room . overhead . ’ her , i am ready to follow you . ” count appeared to increase in stature , his form , nearly double its usual height , stood out in relief against the red tapestry , his black hair was thrown back , and he stood in the attitude of an avenging angel . rise to a more lively desire of arriving at a certainty , and he went into his friend ’ s chamber with a fixed determination of renewing the conversation of the preceding evening ; but he found athos quite himself <unk> is to say , the most shrewd and impenetrable of men . look so angry , and you shall have 4,000 francs of the money to do what	144.4878692626953
you like with , and eugénie shall have 2,000 . i wouldn ’ t serve any other ? man returned ; danglars withdrew . , there was a portrait representing a nobleman of the time of henry iii. , dressed with the greatest elegance , and who wore the order of the holy ghost ; and this portrait had certain <unk> of lines with athos , certain family likenesses which indicated that this great noble , a knight of the order of the king , was his ancestor . began to cast up the accounts of his party , whose money he managed . right , edmond . ” man was riveted upon a spot which villefort could scarcely distinguish . cried d ’ artagnan , “ i	146.92294311523438
see black points and red points moving yonder . die , but he was about to die of grief and despair when this miraculous noise recalled him to life . chevalier , ’ it is in presenting you to my guests , that they may know who you are . nature in the dawn of day a perfume of herbs , flowers and leaves , which delighted the heart . , and do not take off the bandage until he himself bids you . ” name was jacques <unk> bonacieux , that he was fifty-one years old , a retired mercer , and lived rue des fossoyeurs , no . word . ” the steward , “ what have you to tell me ? ” king wished to	159.17564392089844
be called louis the just and louis the chaste . , my dear porthos ; a man is not privileged in all ways , ” said d ’ artagnan . the matter ? ” asked the young lieutenant . drew his sword , and sprang upon d ’ artagnan ; but he had too strong an adversary . do that , my dear count ? ” he longed to break through the wall of glass which separated him from his enemy ; for if comminges had seen with what an expression of hatred the eyes of this young man were fixed upon de winter , he would not have doubted for an instant that the englishman was his eternal foe . weary and almost hopeless task , and	84.34420013427734
had it not been for the <unk> motives of honor , friendship and gratitude , implanted in their hearts , our two travelers would have given up many a time their rides over the sand , their interrogatories of the peasantry and their close inspection of faces . ” now , but all that i have shall most assuredly be his . paris , i shall be there too , ” said the count . her charming head , gracefully reclined , on her hand , still beautiful in form and color . he said , with a calm brow and kindly glance , but in a voice still trembling with recent emotion , “ i swear that i no longer bear animosity to those who were once	187.29672241210938
my friends . it would have been a great pity to have served him that trick you were planning yesterday . ” ” hundred paces , more or less , they came to a <unk> , which they <unk> . a moment in silence . was tremulous with anger . same grave and measured step he would have employed in entering a court of justice . ” what could i say ? ” to leave ? ” said morrel , sadly . cherish no resentment . ” , our equal in birth , our superior in position . then , does the equipment of your company consist , monsieur porthos ? ” has plunged a thousand daggers into my heart , <unk> , i own , which instead	116.91675567626953
of wounding sheathe their points in their own handles , but daggers which he nevertheless believed to be real and deadly . ” and as if the statues had been but shadows from the tomb , they had vanished at his waking . , as the three fugitives perceived by the night breeze which rushed into the corridor and blew the wind into their faces . which cahusac led to him , he saluted them with his hand , and rode away . influence of which you speak , or that i have not myself experienced it , but with me it has been productive of evil rather than good . ” . ” you recompense but badly this poor young man , who has come so far	173.6912841796875
, and with so much ardor , to give your majesty useful information . years ago , my master fetched you from bethune and conducted you to armentieres . ” , but in a short time were obliged to <unk> the pace . bad use of it , i entreat you . overtake this gentleman , ” said raoul to olivain ; “ like ourselves he is on his way to join the army and may prove agreeable company . ” the other hand , my lord , ” returned the governor , “ when the first rebel should pass the threshold of my <unk> doors i should be obliged to kill you with my own hand , since you were confided peculiarly to my care and as	112.32708740234375
i am obliged to give you up , dead or alive . ” weeks to <unk> the cargo , and we can not get you ready for sea until three months after that ; only be back again in three months , for the _pharaon_ , ” added the owner , patting the young sailor on the back , “ can not sail without her captain . ” all now , ” interrupted caderousse ; “ they say the dead know everything . ” line of carriages moved on again , and while he descended the piazza del popolo , the other ascended towards the palazzo di venezia . , carried a sword , and flourished a handkerchief in his hand . give him good advice as to	129.08514404296875
the whole affair . fowl . ” , ” said he , calmly , “ believe that i know and appreciate , more than anybody , the merit of the incomparable eminence by whom we have the honor to be <unk> . ” replied the spaniard , “ is a retired <unk> , a man of much sense , who made one valuable observation whilst driving his <unk> , namely , that where there happened to be a stone on the road , it was much easier to remove the stone than try and make the wheel pass over it . the clock struck ten ; at the fifth stroke the door opened and lord wilmore appeared . again mingling with the throng , were taking a last	151.25665283203125
look at the martyr king . is there were only four like this in the cellar . go far to efface the recollection of his father ’ s conduct , ” added the incorrigible marquise . , ” said athos , smiling ; “ and we shall not be made <unk> of the order this time . ” ? ” talks seriously about the matter , puts on a white tie , and speaks of his family . the window at <unk> ’ s or <unk> ’ s shines with more splendor when it is our own ; but if we are compelled to acknowledge the superiority of another , and still must retain the one that is inferior , do you not know what we have to	107.71826934814453
endure ? ” he bowed . without it i should be tried in a court of justice because i did not raise the alarm . , does mankind ever lose anything ? to give you from the count . ” in the <unk> , ’ cried the captain ; ‘ let go the <unk> ’ s , haul the brace , lower the top-gallant sails , haul out the <unk> on the yards . ’ ” at the same time by speculations which have succeeded . had secured the key , shut himself up in the closet without reply . said , “ are you disposed to confer a great obligation on an unhappy father who has just lost his daughter ? d ’ artagnan , “ that	106.38343811035156
is to say , the queen wishes to leave paris . ” peppino . the count , with a <unk> air , “ i am very happy to have been the means of preserving a son to his mother , for they say that the sentiment of <unk> is the most holy of all ; and the good fortune which occurred to me , monsieur , might have enabled you to dispense with a duty which , in its discharge , <unk> an undoubtedly great honor ; for i am aware that m. de villefort is not usually lavish of the favor which he now bestows on me , —a favor which , however estimable , is unequal to the satisfaction which i have in my own consciousness	104.6041488647461
. ” ” said the general ; “ the count of monte cristo ’ s . when baron porthos would be useful . ” ” replied the young magistrate with a smile ; “ and in the interesting trial that young lady is anxious to witness , the case would only be still more aggravated . that is known ? ” of the abduction of your wife ? ” when no one could <unk> a mob of citizens , who began to march , some with the right foot , others with the left , i succeeded , i did , in making them all begin with the same foot , and i was made lieutenant on the spot . ” and both leisurely took their way to	80.5106201171875
the rue tiquetonne . alone ? ” secret to him , and ask him whether , however important , however valuable , however terrible it may be , you may not confide it to me . ” beds and barricaded their door within , when someone knocked at the yard shutter ; they demanded who was there , and recognizing the voices of their lackeys , opened the shutter . ” said château-renaud , “ i will bet anything you do not believe a word of all you have been telling us . mazarin . ” cold seized on him , and when he reached the farther bank he found himself <unk> . cried the friends , “ ’ tis then useless our seeing monsieur the coadjutor this	128.14901733398438
evening , ” said aramis , “ so we give it up . ” s nothing ! rejoined mazarin , impatiently , “ it ’ s about an hour since i asked you for that very thing , <unk> that you are . ” fear to fatigue you , ” said the general , evidently charmed with the count ’ s manners , “ i would have taken you to the chamber ; there is a debate very curious to those who are strangers to our modern <unk> . ” himself on his knees before his son , but maximilian caught him in his arms , and those two noble hearts were pressed against each other for a moment . injure me , haydée , ” said monte	70.22957611083984
cristo ; “ it was his son alone that there was cause to fear . ” ” inquired a turnkey . ” replied the coadjutor , gravely . turned out ill , ” she added . to me of his lost son touched me to the quick ; indeed , his griefs , hopes , and fears on that subject might furnish material for a most touching and <unk> poem . ” passed , the day after , a week ; i then wrote to the cardinal . , ” replied the duke “ let us suppose , for instance , that my maitre d ’ hotel , noirmont , has purchased the shop of pere <unk> ” him . be sure , the little <unk> xiv .	114.28868103027344
” man , but you have acted better than man . ; he had been apprised by the groom of the last stage of the count ’ s approach . or death . ” and charitable thought , ” said monte cristo , “ and the whole world should applaud it . make as many efforts to awake as he had done to go to sleep ; and la ramee found him so pale and fatigued that he inquired whether he was ill . little , ” said she . from his resolution to shrink from nothing , the count had acquired an inconceivable <unk> for the <unk> in which he had engaged , sometimes against nature , that is to say , against god , and sometimes	91.76091766357422
against the world , that is , against the devil . , my dear count , that i would not for one moment admit of such a proposition . ” this spot may be , it is looked upon as a kind of paradise by the men whose days are numbered ; it is so rare for them to leave the lions ’ den for any other place than the barrier saint-jacques , the galleys ! follow mazarin ’ s counsels and to have me tried . ” ! killed monsieur de marsillac if he had come alone to attack you , instead of at the head of twenty men ? ” moment , ” replied barrois with the same firmness , “ that m. noirtier , my	121.78649139404297
master , wishes to speak on important subjects to m. franz d ’ épinay . ” he was marching to the frontier to join the king . ” ? ” continued the notary , addressing the old man . ” replied the latter , “ three musketeers and a guardsman laid a wager with monsieur de busigny that they would go and breakfast in the bastion st. gervais ; and while breakfasting they held it for two hours against the enemy , and have killed i don ’ t know how many rochellais . ” have shaken him a little ; his voyage would upset him quite . ” have at least this consolation , that you can say to yourself she has not quit you voluntarily ,	109.67256927490234
that if you learn no news of her , it is because all communication with you is interdicted ; while <unk> ” man is very learned , he discovered , in the neighborhood of rome , a kind of lizard with a vertebra more than lizards usually have , and he immediately laid his discovery before the <unk> . some mischief might happen to you . ” it ? ” no , ” replied the eye of the paralytic . ” shall be deceived all my life perhaps , but i shall always have faith in a person whose countenance inspires me with sympathy . ” was gagged and laid prostrate . barrois gradually increased , the features of the face became quite altered , and the convulsive	159.46722412109375
movement of the muscles appeared to indicate the approach of a most serious nervous disorder . whole , haydée was in the very <unk> and <unk> of youthful <unk> had not yet numbered more than nineteen or twenty <unk> . ’ artagnan , in his <unk> voice ; “ we shall laugh over all this in five minutes . ” in what you say ; nevertheless , do not believe that it is madame de longueville with whom i am in love . ” cried d ’ artagnan , who was afraid of disheartening his friend by telling him that the cardinal had not breathed a word about him ; “ yes , surely , he <unk> ” the count , “ you should not look on the	73.57996368408203
graves , but there ; ” and he pointed upwards . to and fro like a <unk> tiger ; with dilated eyes , <unk> as he paced along by the bars of a window looking upon the yard of servant ’ s offices . ” said d ’ artagnan , whilst the boat was taking them to the standard , “ it is astonishing how that young man resembles some one i must have known , but who it was i can not yet remember . ” nearest frontier is sixty leagues distant . ” these two fish ; one brought from fifty leagues beyond st. petersburg , the other five leagues from naples . besides my steward , to keep a clerk and a boy . the	186.81507873535156
queen , “ if such be your advice and you have his interest at heart , send him help of men and money , for i can do nothing for him ; i have sold even to my last diamond to aid him . have a <unk> small garden . ” , he alighted in the court . twentieth ro ... , during the evening she despaired of fate and of herself . morcerf , “ this repugnance , if repugnance it may be called , is not all on my side . ” ” her ; but don ’ t exceed your orders . ” from , ” said porthos , “ let us taste it , and if it is good , let us drink it	93.41751861572266
. ” ” said he , “ i fear one thing , and that is , that the fare of the rue du helder is not so much to your taste as that of the piazza di spagna . for interrupting you ; but what do you advise me to do ? , indeed , ” grumbled the host , drawing near to d ’ artagnan , and endeavoring by this little flattery to make up matters with the young man , as the heron of the fable did with the <unk> he had despised the evening before . nice , though they do say ‘ as fat as a <unk> ’ it is not a wonder they are fat , sleeping all day , and only waking	94.1845474243164
to eat all night . madame de villefort , on whom the authoritative style adopted by the count made a deep impression , “ nay , but consider that to preserve my life he has risked his own . ” ease , a mystery hung over this dark affair , and the public rumor was , that cæsar , a better politician than his father , had carried off from the pope the fortune of the two cardinals . you are married ? ” i have all my pay to <unk> three months ’ wages . ” , he <unk> at the mouth , whilst mine looks as if he had only just left the stable . father , i entreat of <unk> your own sake as well	151.98875427246094
as mine . monsieur le coadjuteur , ” he said . for , desired , and coveted , is the life of an artist , free and independent , relying only on my own resources , and accountable only to myself . ” cried the duke . the italian . custom , excellency , ” said peppino . prison of <unk> . ” turn and fell , still holding in their grasp fragments of the wood , and the chest was open . d ’ artagnan , who , irritated that instead of listening to him athos seemed to be attending to his own thoughts , “ you have never found yourself the worse for my advice . ” of the <unk> like a whale spouting , the	91.9223403930664
vessel gives a last groan , <unk> round and round , and <unk> , forming a vast whirlpool in the ocean , and then all is over , so that in five minutes nothing but the eye of god can see the vessel where she lies at the bottom of the sea . ” said madame de villefort , endeavoring by a struggle , and with effort , to get away from her thoughts , “ however skilfully it is prepared , crime is always crime , and if it avoid human scrutiny , it does not escape the eye of god . use of your skiff ? ” command the <unk> ” to be offered to you , and to be transmitted to you . you wish	114.80583190917969
to know his name , i will tell it , —he is named villefort . ” ” said d ’ avrigny , with surprise . fell into infamous hands . the count seized his arm , and held him before the window . hotel having followed them , they had paid two conductors , nor is it possible , at rome , to avoid this abundant supply of guides ; besides the ordinary _cicerone_ , who seizes upon you directly you set foot in your hotel , and never quits you while you remain in the city , there is also a special _cicerone_ belonging to each <unk> , almost to each part of a monument . against so many things , my lord . athos ; “	126.43916320800781
i thought it looked much the same as usual . ” fellow , that friend caderousse . ” true , ” said she , “ and i will confess to your majesty that my <unk> ” as he traversed the antechamber , made a sign to two gendarmes , who placed themselves one on dantès ’ right and the other on his left . athos , “ how much time we have lost . ” so nervous , and so subject to fainting fits , i should require a doctor adelmonte to invent for me some means of breathing freely and <unk> my mind , in the fear i have of dying some fine day of <unk> . , smiling , “ i do not mean to deny	97.91724395751953
that both these men were revolutionary scoundrels , and that the <unk> <unk> and the 4th of april , in the year 1814 , were lucky days for france , worthy of being gratefully remembered by every friend to monarchy and civil order ; and that explains how it comes to pass that , fallen , as i trust he is forever , napoleon has still retained a train of parasitical satellites . he found her still very pale . cæsar borgia soon found <unk> for their appointments . exists . the most well-bred young men i know . ” said athos , phlegmatically . she said . rattling of a bunch of skeleton keys , such as the locksmith brings when called to force a lock ,	328.7440490722656
and which thieves call <unk> , doubtless from the music of their nightly song when they grind against the bolt . said porthos , as he slipped through the opening . three steps from him , he turned his head round , fixing his eyes steadfastly upon the lady with the red cushion , who had risen and was approaching , followed by her black boy and her woman . , but not both , ” replied porthos . ” said d ’ artagnan . himself with joy . given . doubts as to the nature of the conference ; he therefore quickly went to the gate in the <unk> , prepared to hear the result of the proceedings , and very certain that valentine would hasten to	101.46208190917969
him the first moment she should be set at liberty . the boat continued <unk> , rocked only by the <unk> waves . valentine , “ shut the door , and let no one come in . ” son had good reasons to wish to fight with you , and to endeavor to kill you . ” spectacles , which covered not only his eyes but his temples , and sitting down motioned to his visitor to do the same . learn the result of your trip . ” the sea simultaneously without <unk> a drop of water , and the boat , yielding to the <unk> , glided forward . speak to monsieur d ’ artagnan , who must follow the bearer . ” ” replied the	83.00496673583984
terrified citizen , in a tone so low that he was scarcely audible . his speech , but contented himself with pointing his index finger in the direction of the hedge , announcing by this gesture the cardinal and his escort . tumult the voice of the president was heard to exclaim : what do you say to a cart ? opened the door of the second room , and from the expression of his face it was clear that he there beheld some extraordinary object . t be alarmed ; but where did you get all these details ? ” to be a churchman , pray ? madame , if you have any affection for me . ” we shall ever see them again ? ” said	118.05083465576172
morrel with tearful eyes . man fancies the world belongs to him . . moved so as to plant themselves between the person entering and the cardinal . , porthos ? ” something must be left to chance . replied eugénie . rueil , ” said athos . , are candles which vary in size from the pascal taper to the <unk> , and which give to each actor in the great final scene of the carnival two very serious problems to <unk> with , <unk> , how to keep his own _moccoletto_ alight ; and secondly , how to extinguish the _moccoletti_ of others . said , in a low voice , “ do you know who these workmen are who are making so much noise ?	186.4428253173828
” no , ” said grimaud . ’ artagnan , ” said comminges , showing half of his body through the window of the broken vehicle , “ thanks , my young friend ; your <unk> i may mention it to the queen . ” he appeared at the door of the ball-room , that valentine ran to him , saying : ” said albert , as he made his parting bow . i shall have the honor of waiting upon you on business . ” a quarter of an hour perfectly hidden by the shadow of the vast column at whose base he had found a resting-place , and from whence his eyes followed the motions of albert and his guides , who , holding torches in	75.82404327392578
their hands , had emerged from a <unk> at the opposite extremity of the colosseum , and then again disappeared down the steps conducting to the seats reserved for the vestal virgins , resembling , as they glided along , some restless shades following the flickering glare of so many <unk> <unk> . athos , placing his hand on d ’ artagnan ’ s shoulder , “ monsieur is the chevalier d ’ artagnan of whom you have often heard me speak , raoul . ” the doctor , “ is it you ? ” throughout the house . loud acclamations were heard . your house , sir , ” said the young man ; “ because then i knew not who you were . ” one of	92.07355499267578
us , ” said porthos . ? ” dead or alive ? ’ ” replied mazarin . told me that those people were assembled there for some bad purpose ; and i was reflecting on what my instinct had told me , in the darkest corner of the stable , when a man wrapped in a cloak and followed by two other men , came in . ” contrary to his custom , he had admitted mercédès , and the poor girl , in spite of her own grief and despair , endeavored to console him , he said to her , — ‘ be assured , my dear daughter , he is dead ; and instead of expecting him , it is he who is awaiting us	95.8642349243164
; i am quite happy , for i am the oldest , and of course shall see him first . ’ almost all the carriages ; these two sudden deaths , so quickly following each other , astonished everyone , but no one suspected the terrible secret which m. d ’ avrigny had communicated , in his nocturnal walk to m. de villefort . have received news of franz . ” of the black hood was the procurator ’ s wife of the rue aux ours , which was the more probable from the church of st. leu being not far from that locality . however , ” answered the sailor ; “ there ’ s nothing in the wake of the ship ; besides , here ’	136.51034545898438
s the end of the cable . ” embroidered with flowers of gay colors , which were rather faded , fell from the wide windows ; the <unk> of the room were simple , but in excellent taste . . , but said no more about it ; and with a rapid change of thought , the conversation passed suddenly to another subject . sea , at night , without any pilot , in a frail bark ; should a blast of wind upset the boat we are lost . ” lifted himself up , fell back upon his bed . perceived the cabaret at which he had left aramis , and putting his horse to the trot , he shortly pulled up at the door . !	140.1552734375
” murmured raoul . are right ; and cheerfully would i give up five years of my <unk> i am never paid , by the <unk> make the king five years older . ” ” cried the marquise . said the abbé busoni , with a tone of irresistible authority . avrigny reflected a moment ; then approaching noirtier : study and was reading with an angry look something which bertuccio had brought in haste . gained by buckingham . , death to you ! ” ’ replied one , ‘ is to communicate to you the will of his highness . everything for him . say that my kind grandfather ’ s precaution had neutralized the poison ? ” to make me captain of the _pharaon_ ?	121.63130950927734
” ” said aramis , in his tone of raillery . ? ” ” said he ; “ i think i have seen you and known you formerly . ” and in the course of the following year married mme . such flashes that although he was a man and armed before an unarmed woman , he felt the chill of fear glide through his whole frame . athos , “ two of my friends , named d ’ artagnan and monsieur du vallon , sent to england by the cardinal , suddenly disappeared when they set foot on the shores of france ; no one knows what has become of them . ” my most intimate friends . ” friend in the world who will aid me	76.23904418945312
either to live or to die ? ” me he had become entirely paralyzed , and that all his faculties were completely destroyed ? ” of bitter vengeance over the dead body of the one and the tomb of the other . come out ? ” indeed , he who <unk> after the servant until the door was closed , and then , fearing , no doubt , that he might be overheard in the antechamber , he opened the door again , nor was the precaution useless , as appeared from the rapid retreat of germain , who proved that he was not exempt from the sin which ruined our first parents . share of the venture , ” said edmond , “ to remain with me	121.50777435302734
? ” baggage was fastened carefully behind the carriage ; and this operation ended , he took his place beside milady , and shut the door . a glance the plump , cheerful countenance of the mistress of the place , and he at once perceived there was no occasion for <unk> with her , or of fearing anything from one blessed with such a joyous physiognomy . five hundred halberds . ” case , my dear valentine , you must yourself have felt , or at all events will soon feel , the effects of his presence . passed <unk> and were approaching the post , a man sheltered beneath a tree detached himself from the trunk with which he had been confounded in the darkness ,	175.38986206054688
and advanced into the middle of the road , putting his finger on his lips . enemy ; this port wine belongs to the english , therefore it belongs to us . ” monsieur , ” said monte cristo . for his passengers ; hardly had they put foot on deck ere her head was turned towards <unk> , where they were to disembark . do with all that ? ” fix ? ” asked the president . before yesterday to bring them with you ; why have you not done so ? ” , and advanced towards madame de villefort , whose lips opened as he approached . the morning . her throat a small golden key which hung there , and presented it to the cardinal	94.78443908691406
. do nothing <unk> , he will answer any questions you propose to him . , panting and astonished . ” said the count ; “ that was the reason of your running away from us . ” , unhappy man ; on yourself ? ” only depended on myself to have it , and i had only one word to say . ’ , we ’ ll do our <unk> ’ having said that , they went out of the stable . ” person who gave it to me . ” exactitude , all the particulars of the supper , the hashish , the statues , the dream , and how , at his awakening , there remained no proof or trace of all these events ,	90.25794982910156
save the small yacht , seen in the distant horizon driving under full sail toward porto-vecchio . the feelings of compassion that were rising , composed his features , and sat down , <unk> and sombre , at his desk . was ready to go to the end of the world to seek her ; but the world , being round , has many ends , so that he did not know which way to turn . villefort ? ” , monsieur , but i suspect someone . ” in england . february , 1815 . ” and planchet . queen henrietta maria , accompanied by an english noble , is entering the palais royal at this moment . ” who so <unk> <unk> his name , have	126.5510482788086
you never made any effort to trace out whither he has gone , or what has become of him ? ” franz , “ he is still more mysterious , since the two accounts do not agree . ” sound , m. morrel , take my word for it ; and i advise you not to take 25,000 francs for the profits of the voyage . ” and sword you must play the same trick over again . this , and expect me the 21st of may at the same hour in the <unk> . ” out of the ten he had asked from mordaunt ; he was therefore occupied in <unk> his reply to cromwell , when some one knocked gently at the door of communication with	114.54276275634766
the queen ’ s apartments . man , ” said de guiche , passing close to the augustine brother . the gascon , “ we were sent , porthos and i , by cardinal mazarin to fight for cromwell ; instead of fighting for cromwell we have served charles <unk> the same thing by any means . i have searched every part and poor stuff i found . ” him , “ what is the use of teaching all these things to a poor sailor like me ? ” edmond replied , “ who knows ? doubts ; i have courage enough for any danger i can foresee , for every misfortune which i understand . yes , it was <unk> a <unk> , it was about a	130.39157104492188
woman . ” ” replied dantès . , monsieur mordaunt , for this difficult task of ambassador , in which the oldest diplomatists often fail . ” rospoli palace ; but the count and the blue domino had also disappeared ; the two windows , hung with yellow damask , were still occupied by the persons whom the count had invited . was aware of his intention . ” alone . ” creaked and a man appeared in the dress of a cavalier , wrapped in a brown cloak , with a lantern in one hand and a large beaver hat pulled down over his eyes . when your appointment as an officer of the legion of honor was announced in the papers , we were all sitting	126.16465759277344
with my grandfather , m. noirtier ; m. danglars was there <unk> recollect m. danglars , do you not , maximilian , the banker , whose horses ran away with my stepmother and little brother , and very nearly killed them ? charles , ” said mordaunt , “ the bullet pierced his heart . ” was made the officer inquired aloud the point of the brig ’ s departure , its route , its <unk> ; and to all these questions the captain replied without difficulty and without hesitation . ” repeated villefort , as he approached his <unk> “ yes , that woman must live ; she must repent , and <unk> my son , the sole survivor , with the exception of the <unk> old	136.87789916992188
man , of the <unk> of my house . ” ; the company clapped their hands . not kill my father ? ” the little <unk> which led to the top of the cliff , saluted milady a last time , and took his course toward the city . on villefort ’ s brow ; his legs trembled , and his thoughts flew about madly in his brain like the wheels of a disordered watch . was not yet acquainted with such <unk> . ? ” , large in size and of very sumptuous appearance , in the rue du vieux-colombier . ! ” exclaimed the cavalier . window , and placing himself so that a ray of light should fall upon the letter as he held it	95.28599548339844
, he drew it from his pocket and read it again ; but he had not been mistaken , the appointment was for ten o ’ clock . custom to the successor of father marteau , my lord ? ” <unk> the echo of that room which now appeared like a sepulchre ; to speak seemed like <unk> the silence of the tomb . longer any doubt but that it is himself , ” said he . ” , ” said m. de tréville , stopping him . , i literally <unk> in blood ; at every step you encountered dead bodies and bands of murderers , who killed , plundered , and burned . looked at athos , had taken on an expression that can not be	92.21974182128906
described . ! ” exclaimed albert , so overcome he could scarcely speak ; “ it is not the same with you and me—you can not have made the same resolution i have , for i have come to warn you that i bid adieu to your house , <unk> to you . ” ” continued emmanuel , “ we have not fifteen thousand francs in the house . ” descent were dimly lighted by a silver lamp on the lowest step ; and just below this lamp there was laid , wrapped in a flowing mantle of violet velvet , worked with fleurs-de-lis of gold , a <unk> resting on <unk> of oak . completed as they arrived at the countess ’ s box . athos ,	113.7802734375
“ since you have not a regiment , we are three devoted men . ” ” replied the minister , “ we have no occasion to invent any ; every day our desks are loaded with most circumstantial <unk> , coming from hosts of people who hope for some return for services which they seek to render , but can not ; they trust to fortune , and rely upon some unexpected event in some way to justify their predictions . ” on , my dear fellow ! ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ for upon my honor , you will kill me with your indifference . ” by offering his arm to his daughter . broad daylight , warn your foe before an attack , and	117.83139038085938
never attempt anything by night lest you should be accused of taking advantage of the darkness . ” the count , shrugging his shoulders , “ shall i tell you the cause of all these <unk> ? had no other hat , he picked up this as he ran , and arrived at his quarters very pale and quite out of breath . to make a display of a challenge . between her two hands , and tried to recall her ideas , whirling in a mortal vertigo . to the duke , however , he had presence of mind enough to exclaim : sire . ” , unlimited , ” said monte cristo . the hotel de vendome . lord winter . same . ” ” ”	101.4731674194336
said the cardinal after reading the letter , “ is that , at least , in this chase , d ’ artagnan has done me one good turn—he has destroyed broussel . , emptied all his drawers , collected about fifty thousand francs in bank-notes , burned several papers , left others exposed to view , and then commenced writing a letter which he addressed : to bed , and half an hour after julie had retired , she rose , took off her shoes , and went stealthily along the passage , to see through the keyhole what her husband was doing . d ’ artagnan was one of those four men ? ” who were waiting slipped down into the moat , tied under grimaud ’	149.39056396484375
s shoulders the end of a cord , and the remaining two , who held the other end , drew grimaud to them . ” cried danglars , “ we are not returning to rome ; then it is not justice which is pursuing me ! is to say , in <unk> , wrapped in a long , warm dressing-gown . the least , i beg you to believe . <unk> des <unk> , he thought he saw the count ’ s horses standing at <unk> ’ s <unk> ; he approached , and soon recognized the coachman . marked as such and sent to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation at the address specified in section 4 , “ information about donations to the project gutenberg literary	116.0721435546875
archive foundation . ” to the sailors . came down to you , i drank a glass of <unk> water ; i left half , because it seemed so <unk> ” noirtier turned pale , and made a sign that he wished to speak . ” a consolation to know that some who have so often risked their lives for us are safe . dismounted and remained under a beautiful group of <unk> in flower , amidst which were murmuring a multitude of happy bees , and bade olivain send the host to him with writing paper and ink , to be placed on a table which he found there , <unk> ready . bayard cost me each about two hundred pistoles , and putting phoebus at a	191.02825927734375
hundred and fifty , we should be pretty near the amount . ” ? bell violently ; the housemaid who had been in mademoiselle valentine ’ s room , and the servant who had replaced barrois , ran in at the same moment . thousand for you . ” the command of d ’ artagnan till the year 1633 , at which period , after a journey he made to touraine , he also quit the service , under the pretext of having inherited a small property in <unk> . , ” continued beauchamp , “ to tell you , albert , that in this changing age , the faults of a father can not revert upon his children . does not love me ; i tell you	94.8122329711914
she loves another ; i tell you she loves that infamous buckingham ! at ease . ” hastily , and saw madame de morcerf at the entrance of the salon , at the door opposite to that by which her husband had entered , pale and motionless ; when monte cristo turned round , she let fall her arm , which for some unknown reason had been resting on the gilded <unk> . things said as that ; this is a fine conversation with an officer of the king ! which i can not understand , to procure impossibilities , these are the study of my life . was in very good spirits , would neither believe nor think of the misfortune , but mademoiselle valentine , at	127.84305572509766
the first words , guessed the whole truth , notwithstanding all the precautions of her father ; the blow struck her like a thunderbolt , and she fell senseless . ” they drove up to the place of meeting . he , with dignity , “ there will shortly be a ball at the hôtel de ville . whom she took for lubin , and holding out a little billet to him said , “ for your master . ” she , “ here is a ring of great value , as i have been assured . but athos stopped him by a sign . excepting that valentine heard the almost noiseless sound of some liquid being poured into the glass she had just emptied . do with	115.49332427978516
the child ? ” asked monte cristo . . eight o ’ clock in the morning ; he met villefort on his way to noirtier ’ s room , and accompanied him to see how the old man had slept . shall be accompanied by one who will blow your brains out at the first attempt you make to return to england or the <unk> . ” ” he cried , “ that was my only prayer at last ; i no longer begged for liberty , but memory ; i dreaded to become mad and forgetful . is . ” to the teeth . , porthos , ” said the gascon . said aramis , “ we are witnesses . fact that a very unfavorable construction would	70.61318969726562
have been put upon the circumstance if the two women had gone without escort , while the addition of a third , in the person of her mother ’ s admitted lover , enabled mademoiselle danglars to defy malice and <unk> . you ? ” demanded villefort , turning over a pile of papers , containing information relative to the prisoner , that a police agent had given to him on his entry , and that , already , in an hour ’ s time , had swelled to voluminous proportions , thanks to the corrupt <unk> of which “ the accused ” is always made the victim . here with me . ” eugénie . and in saving your life he was but <unk> his duty to	169.88687133789062
me . ” the fort l ’ evêque ? ” said the king . of him . ” hall ; and it was remarked that , like the king , she looked dull and even weary . the count , “ i was making a suit . ” carry away with me the recollection of such sweet moments , i could even thank you for <unk> me , for it leaves me a gleam of hope , that if you did not expect me ( and that indeed would be worse than vanity to suppose ) , at least i was in your thoughts . of it against the time when you may be in command . ” ” said porthos ; “ battle . left no hope	81.89620971679688
, milady raised herself in all her pride , and wished to speak ; but her strength failed her . from surprise to astonishment , and from astonishment to stupefaction . but that has nothing to do with it . bertuccio , ” said the count , “ i now advise you to go in quest of the little estate i spoke to you of in normandy . ” abbé ? ” asked athos . was at the gate ; of a woman who calls herself your friend ; of a woman to whom you have told everything . ” , only there is one misfortune , and that is that monsieur bonacieux is known at the louvre , and would be allowed to pass ; whereas you	74.37403106689453
are not known there , and the gate would be closed against you . ” that profound confidence he ever had in the wisdom of his friend . with regard to the future , did honor to the repast , the remains of which were abandoned to mousqueton , bazin , planchet , and grimaud . , that young man whom my friend the count of monte cristo has received into his house , and who is going to marry mademoiselle danglars ? ” , then ; we will simply settle our hats on our heads and we will escort his eminence . ” and charged with a commission for which i beg of you to accept my excuses . ” the tumult became greater . piercing my	90.47029876708984
brain . else , the arrival of a post-chaise is an event . <unk> , had recovered its gracious expression ; but some little red spots on her handkerchief indicated that she had bitten her lips till the blood came . but in five minutes one of the officers of the guard entered in compliance with the strict orders of the cardinal that the prisoner should never be left alone a moment . servant , godeau , <unk> of the <unk> storm , of indignation burst from all parts of the assembly . helder , on <unk> <unk> may , half-past <unk> <unk> . ” after my own heart . he stretched forth his hand , took one up , and murmured his daughter ’ s name .	154.313720703125
tormented by fear , he was more often in need of counsel and information , and he was therefore sufficiently accessible . dilate and throb ; he opened his arms , and haydée , uttering a cry , sprang into them . often , ” said danglars , drawing himself up ; “ he is a particular friend of mine . ” disheartening to see the woman one loves long for those thousands of nothings which constitute a woman ’ s happiness , and be unable to give her those thousands of nothings . signal , which shall be the words ‘ at last , ’ you each plunge a dagger into the heart of the soldier nearest to you . hear no more . ” letter of	156.91603088378906
the cardinal ? ” said d ’ artagnan . who my father is , ” said the obstinate youth ; “ i will perish if i must , but i _will_ know it . that all the paths of the mountain were known to vampa ; he therefore went forward without a moment ’ s hesitation , although there was no beaten track , but he knew his path by looking at the trees and bushes , and thus they kept on advancing for nearly an hour and a half . heard ; a cloud of dust mounted toward the <unk> all was over ! answered de chavigny , with a low bow , “ i have on the ramparts twenty pieces of artillery and in my <unk>	137.02484130859375
thirty thousand guns . that it is not on account of any intrigues of her own that my wife has been arrested , but because of those of a lady much greater than herself . ” are you going to do at st. germain ? ” then demanded athos . the walls ; then the trampling of horses and the clashing of steel were heard . was to take a teaspoonful of the marvellous preparation , about as much in quantity as his host had eaten , and lift it to his mouth . back to <unk> ” in that room ; when the wind shook all the doors , behind which i continually expected to see some spy concealed , i trembled . , have this expedition	153.1342315673828
to ré and this league with the protestants of la rochelle which i am projecting ? say the least . ” from father to son ; and there was a morrel who served in the same regiment with me when i was in garrison at <unk> . ’ ” dantès , “ i know it is not in your power to release me ; but you can plead for me—you can have me <unk> that is all i ask . . is the last thing extinguished in the heart of man , he finished by hoping that he might survive , even though with terrible wounds , in both these duels ; and in case of <unk> , he made the following <unk> upon his own conduct :	128.39012145996094
. mordaunt , “ i have ordered the two prisoners we made this morning to be conducted to my lodging . ” a fine country , ” said haydée , “ but i see france as it really is , because i look on it with the eyes of a woman ; whereas my own country , which i can only judge of from the impression produced on my childish mind , always seems enveloped in a vague atmosphere , which is luminous or otherwise , according as my remembrances of it are sad or joyous . ” said d ’ artagnan , seeming to remember something , “ two soldiers , yes ; that , then , is why i hear two men called every evening and	125.32049560546875
see them walking sometimes for half an hour , under my window . ” a conviction , and a sincerity in the manner of the young man , which silenced the tumult . you will promise me this ? ” said morrel , intoxicated . aramis , you don ’ t want three horses ? one did ? ” are known to others ? ” ” replied villefort , offering his arm . , dear grandmamma ? ” interrupted d ’ artagnan . extraordinary self-control there was a strange vibration in the gascon ’ s voice which made his partner start . queen ’ s oratory , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ announce to her i am here , and put this parcel , with a	77.14048767089844
<unk> musket , under the seat of the carriage which is waiting at the foot of the private stair . ” franz to albert , “ do you know what is the best thing we can do ? <unk> , that friend so loyal that she refused the favor of the king that she might remain in mine ? ” maximilian . his emotion , and regained with hurried steps the porch where olivain was waiting with the horses . your enterprise ? ” ” asked gondy , feigning astonishment , “ that her majesty summoned me to ask for my opinion ? ” say ? ” far from france at that period . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i am delighted to see with what	67.3377914428711
wonderful composure you can tell a lie even in church ! ” it at the period which i knew him , ” said monte cristo , touched to the heart by the accents of julie ’ s voice ; “ but , perhaps , since then he has had proofs that gratitude does exist . ” in the rapid march of our narrative presented to our readers without formally introducing her , was a tall and graceful girl of nineteen , with bright chestnut hair , deep blue eyes , and that <unk> air of quiet distinction which characterized her mother . an active part in the return from the island of elba . , both curious and interesting . ” speak all languages . brother . himself	226.2459716796875
<unk> a sword , which he drew from its perfumed leather sheath ; he examined it to see if its hilt was well guarded and if the blade was firmly attached to the hilt . one his post . very <unk> , it is very good ! ” said louise , looking at her with admiration ; “ but that beautiful black hair , those magnificent <unk> , which made all the ladies sigh with envy , —will they go under a man ’ s hat like the one i see down there ? ” which were similar to those which had been addressed to the abbé busoni . out and used to take his coffee at the club of the <unk> , and read the <unk> ;	134.93585205078125
this day he did not leave the house , but returned to his office . queen and a wife , and it is impossible to thank and love her sufficiently . , clear , and precise ; and i would rather be obliged to repeat my words twice , or even three times , than they should be misunderstood . was sufficiently well trained , monsieur de beaufort invited the governor and officers of vincennes to attend a representation which he was going to have in his apartment . you know me ; but i know you only as an adventurer sewn up in gold and jewellery . a letter , that is all . could not respond . dear count , for <unk> my mother as well	111.6469955444336
as others ; much studied , but not solved , you still remain an <unk> , do not fear . . milady . great smoker , and who had considered it no small sacrifice to be deprived of the cigars of the café de paris , approached the table , and uttered a cry of joy at perceiving some veritable <unk> . milady , embarrassed , “ i know monsieur de <unk> , monsieur de <unk> , monsieur de <unk> . ” murmured he ; “ now only am i fully convinced of being the emissary of god ! ” our invitation to messieurs cavalcanti ? ” the hour of my deliverance arrives , and that , in all human probability , will be the hour of my	103.98271179199219
death . the kingdom , my lord , ” said d ’ artagnan . and <unk> me ; besides , he is a turbulent fellow , who will ruin our party . fifth whom they carried away wounded . ” he , “ our syndic is at his post . ” through fifty feet , dantès would dig a hundred ; faria , at the age of fifty , had devoted three years to the task ; he , who was but half as old , would sacrifice six ; faria , a priest and <unk> , had not shrunk from the idea of risking his life by trying to swim a distance of three miles to one of the <unk> , <unk> , or lemaire ; should	114.38578796386719
a hardy sailor , an experienced <unk> , like himself , shrink from a similar task ; should he , who had so often for mere amusement ’ s sake plunged to the bottom of the sea to fetch up the bright coral branch , hesitate to entertain the same project ? ” hour , till the horses were covered with foam and dust . the contents of the phial , and he again opened his eyes . , “ if you have anything to attend to , beauchamp , do it directly ; if you have any appointment for this evening , defer it till tomorrow . cristo ” added debray . two knew neither fatigue nor fear . ; and you understand that they would have	161.29949951171875
saved the king . ” you won ’ t tell me you don ’ t know aramis ? ” , ” said valentine , “ what reason grandpapa gives for leaving this <unk> ” noirtier looked at valentine to impose silence , but she did not notice him ; her looks , her eyes , her smile , were all for morrel . considerable crowd was assembled , towards ten o ’ clock in the morning , around the door of m. de villefort ’ s house , and a long file of mourning-coaches and private carriages extended along the faubourg saint-honoré and the rue de la <unk> . ; he was a foundling . ” that be ? ’ inquired the bandits with astonishment . room with	85.12171936035156
a pensive and gloomy air , glancing from time to time at the jeweller , who stood reeking with the steam from his wet clothes , and merely changing his place on the warm hearth , to enable the whole of his garments to be dried . , behind this wall ? as i did not consider my house safe enough , or lawyers sufficiently discreet , and as landed property carries evidence with it , and moreover since you have no right to possess anything independent of your husband , i have kept this sum , now your whole fortune , in a chest concealed under that closet , and for greater security i myself concealed it there . to me at the price it cost you	262.09100341796875
? ” mercédès , “ i will lead the way . ” to present you , ” and rochefort walked on . <unk> , bertuccio , ” said the count , “ and show me the apartments . ” ! ” most prudent , so he waited until twelve o ’ clock . , and albert returned to his inventory . , i met them in the lobby after the conclusion of the piece ; and hang me , if i can guess where you took your notions of the other world from . replied d ’ artagnan , “ you are well named , gentlemen ; and my adventure , if it should make any noise , will prove at least that your union is not founded	72.60700225830078
upon <unk> . ” in attractions . his eyes and gently turned the hoop of the ring inside . m. bonacieux , in a tone of perfect good fellowship , “ what has become of you all these days ? i think you said . ” to reflect , sire , ” said the cardinal . god save me , or let me perish for my god ! have related to me is exceedingly interesting , ” said monte cristo , observing the young man with a gloomy satisfaction ; “ and you have done well to conform in everything to the wishes of my friend sinbad ; for your father is indeed here , and is seeking you . ” ? his chamber , it was necessary	78.51201629638672
to charge us with this commission . ” ! a hole in it . ” to save the honor of a great queen ; the second , to avert the death of a great king . ” gentlemen here , count , ” she said ; “ they would prefer , i should think , to breathe in the garden rather than <unk> here , since they are not playing . ” the major ; “ very good . his fears lest , at the <unk> , the parisian mode of life should displease the traveller in the most essential point . ” said porthos . said , “ mouston is not so young as he was , my dear fellow ; besides , he has grown fat	75.8677978515625
and perhaps has lost his fitness for active service . ” hundred paces , the ground began to decline , and he could only see the mast of the sloop . , sire , to be her enemy ; although your majesty can bear witness that i have always taken her part warmly , even against you . . ” must happen : either matters will not be arranged , or they will be arranged , in which last case i shall be relieved of my command and we shall still meet again . ” are incomprehensible , and there are certain invitations contained in even the <unk> food which appeal very <unk> to a fasting stomach . signor pastrini , hurt at albert ’ s repeated doubts	189.2134246826172
of the truth of his assertions , “ i do not say this to you , but to your companion , who knows rome , and knows , too , that these things are not to be laughed at . ” , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ my fingers were caught between two <unk> of the wall and that of my <unk> the skin was broken . ” the <unk> of this second <unk> was at hand and that there remained but a single effort to make . should like to smoke . ” the cavalcanti ? ” edict is still an edict , it is forbidden to fight , after all . ” hark ! ” said the king ; “ and should i forget	68.17489624023438
you ( kings ’ memories are short ) , do not be afraid to bring yourself to my recollection . i am expected . ” me for three millions , do you not ? ” step was heard in the vestibule . there will be in my courtyard this evening a good travelling britzka , with four post-horses , in which one may rest as in a bed . the old servant , have made a mistake , and have given madame de saint-méran a dose prepared for his master ? ” her part , maintained a reserve still more prudent , <unk> herself with making a profound inclination of the head every time the fair traveler pronounced the name of his eminence . d ’ artagnan ,	122.0389633178711
“ draw up the blinds of his majesty ’ s carriage . ” tremble ; he seated himself upon a log of wood . had been humiliated by the cardinal , whose police , without having yet attained the perfection of the modern police , were excellent , being better informed than himself , even upon what was going on in his own household . to make to me certain proposals , but did you make them ? kind of divan , surmounted with a stand of arabian swords in silver scabbards , and the handles resplendent with gems ; from the ceiling hung a lamp of venetian glass , of beautiful shape and color , while the feet rested on a turkey carpet , in which they	195.14598083496094
sunk to the <unk> ; tapestry hung before the door by which franz had entered , and also in front of another door , leading into a second apartment which seemed to be brilliantly illuminated . it was remorseful : it was remorseful because it concealed a crime . ” on your knowledge ; such learning is very rare among ladies . ” our turn to think of these things ? for you to bind yourself by any vow , ’ said he ; ‘ i know and admire the corsican nature too well to fear you . abbé ’ s meaning , or had no more questions to ask ; he arose , and the abbé accompanied him to the door . and i had to use	149.82052612304688
no little diplomacy to get rid of my <unk> stepmother , my <unk> maid , and my troublesome brother , who is always <unk> me about coming to work at my embroidery , which i am in a fair way never to get done . opened the poor man ’ s jacket to feel if the heart beat , whilst the host approached in his turn ; but in a moment they both fell back , the host uttering a cry of horror and grimaud becoming pallid . the englishman , “ i practice shooting every day , and every other day <unk> comes to my house . ” by tetragones ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , uneasily . master caderousse , that you are mistaken .	131.68812561035156
” a turn with me and i will explain . ” a short cut , had appeared on a <unk> . replied planchet , with a self-satisfied air . extinguished the lamp , and went , as felton had desired her , to lie down on the bed . athos offered to him , and after turning and turning it over and over in his hands , suddenly cried out that it was bad , and that he would have him and his companions arrested as <unk> . any particulars ? ” you before others , ” said he in a low tone , “ the reason of my parting with the horses ; but a most enormous price was offered me this morning for them . ,	96.1135025024414
placed his back against the <unk> of the carriage , making a rampart of his horse , drew his pistols from their holsters and fastened them to his belt , and began to fight with the back sword , like a man accustomed to the <unk> of his weapon . , pale , motionless , and silent as the corpse . to be no longer observed , a sentiment resembling ferocity animated her countenance . and invited them to enter . , who , in the <unk> of his power , had been unable to <unk> napoleon ’ s secret , might in despair at his own downfall interrogate dantès and so lay bare the motives of villefort ’ s plot . the count , seating himself ,	103.8611068725586
“ permit me to make a confession which must form my excuse for any <unk> i may commit . buzzing prevailed from morning till night , while m. de tréville , in his office contiguous to this antechamber , received visits , listened to complaints , gave his orders , and like the king in his balcony at the louvre , had only to place himself at the window to review both his men and arms . instant and consult the queen , and we will refer the affair at once to parliament . ” , the old man said ; ‘ i thank you , my son ; and now leave me alone . ’ was placed against the wall ; i took it , and advanced	134.34686279296875
towards the thicket . ” asked d ’ artagnan . majesty that if she does not sign to-day she will not have time to sign to-morrow . said aramis , “ there is no time lost and we made our journey quickly . the more honorable men there are here the better i shall be satisfied . ” , and when the carriages had drawn close together , said : , marquis , but have you any landed property ? ” only to show himself to crush the charge against him ; many others said he would not appear ; while some asserted that they had seen him start for brussels ; and others went to the <unk> to inquire if he had taken out a passport .	112.53885650634766
porthos , smiling at the remembrance of his former exploits ; “ but we four , altogether , would be equal to thirty-six , more especially as you say the work will not be child ’ s play . , sir . , which seemed to strangle him , and passing his livid hand across his forehead , entered his study . ” aramis , “ any one but the comte de la fere and myself would have had you <unk> we have friends in <unk> we are contented with another course . argue with you , but i blame you . ” one , which was let to prince <unk> ; but i was obliged to pay a <unk> ” the money gained in the exercise of	93.3152084350586
my profession i have distributed to the poor ; i have been assiduous in attending church and those who formerly fled from me have become accustomed to seeing me . and i shall always do so , ” replied d ’ avrigny , “ for it has never for one instant ceased to retain possession of my mind ; and that you may be quite sure i am not mistaken this time , listen well to what i am going to say , m. de villefort . ” is the mistress of the duc de beaufort . ” not only beautiful in person , but radiant with splendor ; she entered by one door at the time when mercédès appeared at the door . a foreigner , sir	91.23909759521484
, ” said she , with an accent as pure as ever was heard between portsmouth and <unk> ; “ my name is lady clarik , and this <unk> ” from all your <unk> that of procuring my admission into the musketeers ; for before everything , i wish to avenge myself . ” . ” into the chamber , leaving the door open behind him , and making a sign to milady to be silent ; his face was much agitated . occupied in <unk> movements which resulted only in the carrying off of a few <unk> of <unk> and the burning of two or three houses . right to <unk> that country . ” villefort “ i can truly say that i have always entertained a	103.91851806640625
high respect for my father , because , to the natural feeling of relationship was added the consciousness of his moral superiority . at rue de la fontaine , no . m. d ’ avrigny , “ it may come slowly ; you will see it approach after having struck your father , your wife , perhaps your son . ” caderousse ; “ i require a surgeon , not a priest ; perhaps i am not mortally <unk> may not die ; perhaps they can yet save my life . ” if you felt so sure , ” replied the new-comer , putting his cane in a corner and his hat on a chair , “ allow me to say , my dear gérard , that it	89.20870971679688
was not very filial of you to keep me waiting at the door . ” yield ! ” said porthos . i pocketed 600,000 francs the day charles v. repassed the <unk> . be <unk> at least . for execution . quitted spain , and settled on the tongue of land on which it is to this day . yesterday . ” ” said the queen . if has no cemetery , and they simply throw the dead into the sea , after fastening a thirty-six-pound cannon-ball to their feet . ” aramis , who shut the gate after him , last . aramis ’ s neck and embraced him . <unk> on the warlike countenance of d ’ artagnan , which betrayed a singular expression of deep	104.46403503417969
feeling . , started on hearing these words pronounced with such a haughty and dignified accent ; it appeared to him as if there was something <unk> gloomy and terrible in the expression which gleamed from the brilliant eyes of haydée at this moment ; she appeared like a <unk> <unk> a spectre , as she recalled to his mind the remembrance of the fearful death of this man , to the news of which all europe had listened with horror . to give you such reasons ? from his cupboard the bank-notes and gold he had put there , thrust the one into the pocket of his trousers , and the other into that of his waistcoat , hastily tied up a small bundle of linen ,	164.69252014160156
and rushing towards the door , disappeared in the darkness of the night . priest . that “ he did not know how any fear could be entertained for a moment , when the court had , to defend itself against the parliament and the citizens of paris , his holiness the coadjutor , who by a signal could raise an army of curates , church porters and vergers . ” each movement of teresa and her cavalier ; when their hands touched , he felt as though he should swoon ; every pulse beat with violence , and it seemed as though a bell were ringing in his ears . the chevalier in armor , sir ! ” said raoul , blushing ; “ though i might	149.5652618408203
have known him by his skill and coolness in danger . ” into lorraine , disappeared all at once , and ceased to write to his friends ; they learned at a later period through mme . read it aloud . your excellency , ” said bertuccio , “ that the horses you speak of were not to be sold when i purchased yours . ” said milady , with a persistence that proved she wished to see clearly to the end of the mission with which she was about to be charged , “ if he persists ? ” the baldric of porthos and the handkerchief of aramis chapter v. the king ’ s musketeers and the cardinal ’ s guards chapter vi . the novice ,	105.7701416015625
“ but of my <unk> a devotion to a woman i loved , for whom i would have laid down my life , for whom i would give it still . ” everything will come in its turn . ” if i am , you must not laugh at me for being so . been gone through ; the inquiry is already made . ” ” this , and let us sit down to breakfast , ” continued beauchamp . so strange , that even all this might not have won attention had there not been connected with it a mysterious story gilded by an immense fortune . the abbé , in a peculiar tone , “ he is happy . ” truth of what he said ,	79.95389556884766
i thought proper to insist ; but without even giving himself the trouble to enter into any discussion with me , he took one of his pistols , laid it on his table , day and night , and said that at the first word that should be spoken to him about removing , either within the house or out of it , he would blow out the brains of the person who should be so imprudent as to meddle with a matter which only concerned himself . ’ s attorney , ” replied andrea calmly . my dear host ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . porcelain , filled with flowers that loaded the air with their perfume , stood in the salon . ” asked athos	111.20446014404297
. was not easy to make d ’ artagnan reveal anything he was desirous of hiding , so he gave up , for the time , the discovery of the mystery the gascon was concealing . this answer to your guest ? ” that he might not be disturbed while fulfilling his sacred mission , the priest rose as soon as d ’ avrigny departed , and not only bolted the door through which the doctor had just left , but also that leading to madame de villefort ’ s room . remain always alone in this vast and dismal chamber ? ” asked milady . i ask of you ? ” resumed porthos , with a movement of the shoulders full of good fellowship . . ”	90.40530395507812
clock , please your majesty ? ” enemy of our holy faith ? ” said she , hesitatingly . is a sepulcher ; the men , and consequently the women , are but shadows , and love is a sentiment to which you cry , ‘ fie ! <unk> , drew his knife , and with one stroke opened his throat , and mounting on his stomach , stamped violently on it with his feet . minutes behind the time appointed . ’ artagnan was in earnest . brave fellow , thou <unk> thus to aid me ? ” villefort , rising hastily ; “ stay where you are . , but not enough . this jealous anger of milady was his revenge . guards set forward alone	135.2051239013672
on their march , the musketeers waiting for the king , which allowed porthos time to go and take a turn in his superb equipment in the rue aux ours . intelligence to be repeated to him twice , and each time his companions saw his brow become darker . that that did the business ; after <unk> heavily for twelve hours we sprung a <unk> . buckingham . some neutral ground on which an exchange could be made , and then to try and land these goods on the coast of france . , dantès asked to take the helm ; the <unk> , glad to be relieved , looked at the captain , and the latter by a sign indicated that he might abandon it to	168.43666076660156
his new comrade . opinion , sir , ” said the major , “ and i—— ” sapphire . ” but he had scarcely gone a hundred paces , when a furious fellow , leaning between two soldiers , spat in the king ’ s face , as once an infamous and accursed jew spit in the face of jesus of <unk> . said the queen , “ think that in such a case other <unk> should be raised to oppose it . lived . to their scabbards . ” ” said villefort . ” cried d ’ artagnan , consoled , and holding his sides with laughter . , ” said peppino , taking the fowl from the young bandit and placing it on the worm-eaten table	83.42434692382812
, which with the stool and the goat-skin bed formed the entire furniture of the cell . felton , looking at those beautiful hands , and shaking his head sorrowfully . journey . ” again requires your bottle , ” he said . man , do you address the woman ? ” , i presume ? ” more mine than yours , and neither of us will quit this prison . nothing but a written document will be valid . ” as if it had been a burning brazier . , but the brave young man only acknowledged one duty , which was to obey . said d ’ artagnan . whom i speak is the lord and master of this grain of sand , of this atom	119.12073516845703
; he has purchased the title of count somewhere in tuscany . ” aware you may go alone , since i once met you in <unk> to accompany the mysterious monte cristo ? ” <unk> in the same manner as his master ; he only drank from the cask . worse ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , seeing a look of vexation on the face of the youth . sire , that he is too deeply interested in the question to be a very impartial witness ; but so far from that , sire , i know the duke to be a royal gentleman , and i refer the matter to him—but upon one condition , sire . ” the three musketeers in chorus . website which	110.81211853027344
has the main pg search facility : www.gutenberg.org . magistrates appeared before the cardinal and their <unk> addressed mazarin with so much <unk> and determination that the minister was astounded and sent the deputation away with the same answer as it had received from the duke of <unk> he would see what could be done ; and in accordance with that intention a council of state was assembled and the superintendent of finance was summoned . de saint-méran , if science could have done it ; but she is dead and my duty regards the living . s first visit ; he wished to display his authority . a worthy man , as bald as a <unk> . rising ground , a little in advance of the enemy	182.83599853515625
, appeared a short and heavy looking man ; this man was surrounded by officers . ” said monte cristo . arrived in a city , when they had conducted the king to his quarters the four friends either retired to their own or to some secluded cabaret , where they neither drank nor played ; they only conversed in a low voice , looking around attentively to see that no one overheard them . de saint-méran incurred his displeasure , so he poured out three drops of his <unk> drops were sufficient ; then followed barrois , the old servant of m. noirtier , who sometimes <unk> this little <unk> therefore received the same quantity of the elixir ; the same happened to valentine , of whom	163.8121795654297
he was jealous ; he gave her the same dose as the others , and all was over for her as well as the rest . ” been in the secret since six o ’ clock , and <unk> great their prudence might be , they could not issue the necessary orders for the departure without suspicion being <unk> . heated his blood still more ; the idea that he left behind him , exposed to a frightful vengeance , the woman he loved , or rather whom he adored as a saint , the emotion he had experienced , present <unk> together exalted his mind above human feeling . i have seen mercédès come into the city she has been accompanied by a tall , strapping ,	192.19081115722656
<unk> catalan , with a red complexion , brown skin , and fierce air , whom she calls cousin . ” as much happiness as this world can possibly confer . ” , i will <unk> . ” i say ; i want to be convinced . must first say if you declare yourself for the king of a day who now reigns , or for his majesty the emperor . ” responded madame de villefort in the same tone . monsieur , that marie michon , when she returned to france in <unk> , immediately sought for information about that child ; as a fugitive she could not take care of it , but on her return she wished to have it near her . ” ,	120.61072540283203
i beg of you ; he would only send you another , formed of a magnificent sapphire , or hollowed out of a gigantic ruby . it , ” said athos ; “ don ’ t you see that raoul is in love ? ” monte cristo , “ with your post-horses going at the rate of two leagues an hour , and that absurd law that one traveller shall not pass another without permission , so that an invalid or ill-tempered traveller may detain those who are well and active , it is impossible to move ; i escape this annoyance by travelling with my own postilion and horses ; do i not , ali ? ” punishment your eminence may please to inflict upon me .	148.0120849609375
came , dantès ’ agony really began . a copy of our bill of lading ; and as to the other papers , they sent a man off with the pilot , to whom i gave them . ” mamma ? ” asked eugénie ; “ almost opposite to us , with that profusion of beautiful light hair ? ” replied de comminges , smiling ; “ so near that if the windows which look on the orangery were not stopped up you could see him from where you are . ” . ” said planchet . said , edmond was only wounded , and with certain herbs gathered at certain <unk> , and sold to the smugglers by the old sardinian women , the wound soon closed	151.6975555419922
. overheard by him at the colosseum , between the count and vampa , in which the count had promised to obtain the release of the bandit peppino , —an engagement which , as our readers are aware , he most faithfully fulfilled . ’ s attorney chapter 68 . , of the deplorable condition of my husband ’ s father ? ” choose the worst morsels ; like mère simon ’ s son , who has not chosen the worst strawberries . only there to help him ! ” in the anteroom , the door opened , and a man dressed as an abbé and doubtless more familiar with the house than he was , came in and instead of waiting , merely bowed , passed on	168.05870056152344
to the farther apartments , and disappeared . new guest in our great capital ? ” i await two persons , and the instant they arrive we shall sit down to table . ” involved matters of gravest consequence , it was these to which the prince had especially desired an answer , exact , precise , positive . , ” replied the duke , “ on what i most reckon and what i determine to try first ? ” ” , but would not credit it , that the grecian slave i have seen with you here in this very box was the daughter of ali pasha . ” had been answered by a similar signal which had fixed the irresolution of the nocturnal <unk> , or	160.33834838867188
whether without this aid she saw that she had arrived at the end of her journey , she resolutely drew near to aramis ’ s shutter , and tapped , at three equal intervals , with her bent finger . ; the authority of the king was to be maintained . lobby when this note is delivered to you . ’ i ’ m very sorry that i did not strangle him as you advised me , ” said porthos . that is , those of my father , but they are , as you see , joined to another shield , which has <unk> , a silver tower , which are my mother ’ s . thomson & french set no bounds to their engagements while those	141.40899658203125
of m. danglars have their limits ; he is a wise man , according to his own showing . ” season ? ” meet you again , sir . ” of it ? ” ! ” should think it very amusing , ” replied franz , “ if it had happened to anyone but poor albert . ” said porthos . ) imprudence to recall himself to the memory of the cardinal . so , at least , ” said the young girl hesitatingly . , and he must therefore , <unk> , be remarkable . ” youth , d ’ artagnan , ” interrupted the cardinal , tapping him familiarly on the shoulder , charmed at having vanquished this rebellious nature . ? ” enough , ”	66.06814575195312
continued albert , biting his lips convulsively , for he saw that beauchamp ’ s anger was beginning to rise , — “ you have been my friend , and therefore sufficiently intimate with me to be aware that i am likely to maintain my resolution on this point . ” me ? ” he had done before , and set off again at the same pace for pontoise . abbé , “ listen to what i have to say . ” in a vineyard belonging to the pope , near san <unk> , a charming retreat which the cardinals knew very well by report . belated passenger , went up to him , and spoke a few words to him . . ” , ” cried porthos	90.11500549316406
. d ’ artagnan , “ if i recollect well what you said , it was nothing out of the common way . ” aramis . placed his hand upon his heart , which was breaking , and at once perceived all the treachery . door opened , and the young girl , her eyes bathed with tears , appeared . caderousse , “ i should have sworn that he turned to the <unk> treacherous wine is ! ” i have kept the harness , ” said porthos . said the beggar , “ i can undertake things more difficult and more important than that . ” servant to wait in the next room and when the door was closed he sprang up from his bed and read	58.53349304199219
rapidly , whilst porthos looked at him with starting eyes , not daring to ask a single question . of bordeaux wine ; but his eyes , raised toward heaven during this delicious occupation , spoke a language which , though mute , was not the less expressive . ” said debray . follow me ! ” ” ” prosperity of your establishment . ” was over ; we had done the business of both , admiring the foresight of our poor father , who had taken the precaution to bring each of us up in a different religion . ” clock is too slow ? ” the question must be viewed differently ; in receiving and aiding him , france will <unk> the acts of the english	159.15438842773438
nation , and thus so essentially harm england , and especially the <unk> of the government , that such a proceeding will be equivalent to pronounced hostilities . ” ? ” asked morrel , with his open laugh . who , however , was an abbé only because he owned an abbey , and not because he was in orders , had formerly been one of the gayest <unk> in the town of <unk> , which he inhabited . beauchamp , “ here is my answer , my dear sir . saw me , and i sank upon the floor a prey to a slumber which resembled death . i am going to raise an army . ” you my plan . ” chevreuse after she had been	106.53273010253906
persecuted twelve years under the last reign ? ” aperture with it . ” ” ” he said , “ the ideas you yield to are unworthy of a christian . ” , my dear monsieur bartolomeo ? ” ” replied franz . my card to the count , who has promised to pay us a visit at rue meslay , no . franz . she . ” said andrea , — “ do you want anything more ? —will you have my waistcoat or my hat ? likely to be killed , ” said athos , “ if we do not go . ” leaving you , ” said the count , turning in the direction of his box . ” said villefort with a bow .	55.01443099975586
i command you ! ” coadjuteur . himself that , to all outward view , he had completely masked the feelings which were passing in his mind , he did not know that the cloud was still lowering on his brow , so much so that the count , whose smile was radiant , immediately noticed his sombre and thoughtful air . or for the princes ? ” brothers , because you are a gentleman , because the kings of all countries are the first among gentlemen , because the blind populace , ungrateful and brutal , always takes pleasure in pulling down what is above them . ! count , ” said albert , “ we shall abuse your kindness . ” a sailor accustomed to the	145.93077087402344
boundless ocean , is a worse punishment than human crime ever merited . duc de bassompierre passed in the <unk> he remained for twelve long <unk> his companions , in their dreams of liberty , said to each other : “ as for me , i shall go out of the prison at such a time , ” and another , at such and such a time , the duke used to answer , “ as for me , gentlemen , i shall leave only when monsieur du tremblay leaves ; ” meaning that at the death of the cardinal du tremblay would certainly lose his place at the bastile and de bassompierre regain his at court . something more opaque than the fog . ” ’ s	178.1974639892578
private antechamber , m. de tréville found la chesnaye , who informed him that they had not been able to find m. de la trémouille on the preceding evening at his hôtel , that he returned too late to present himself at the louvre , that he had only that moment arrived and that he was at that very hour with the king . villefort , <unk> delighted to think that the inquiries were to be made by him alone , — “ oh , be satisfied , i can understand my <unk> ” while uttering these words with this expression of joy , his teeth clashed together violently . said d ’ artagnan , drawing his sword , “ that is an order sooner given than executed	106.11643981933594
. wretch ? ” . ” his carriage , then ? ” they never ceased speaking of athos and aramis . the governor of algeria ; he has a royal heart , and is essentially a soldier ; i will tell him my gloomy story . ” , oftener still had he a dread of being sent away . ? ” ” said he , “ do you know if m. de morcerf has any enemy ? ” , if i ever leave this place , to call down vengeance upon you from the whole human race ! ’ ” answered the curates . danglars , “ the horses were not sufficiently quiet for you ; they were scarcely four years old , and they made me extremely	86.15303802490234
uneasy on your account . ” not mine . ” . sir , ” said buckingham ; “ speak ! ” his heart to still its beating and the other over his eyes , that he might not witness the <unk> of his faithful friends . the power of convincing milady . i have an idea . ” sir , as it was men ’ s and not god ’ s doing . ” you , vicomte ; go and bow to her ; don ’ t try to appear anything but what you are , a true country youth ; on no account speak to her of henry iv . ” fellow knew me by my name i would be <unk> , for fear it might be	96.45361328125
thought i knew him . ” ” continued he , “ ’ twill be the same as it was in england . four friends grimaud had had so frequent occasion to make lint and bandages that he had become something of a surgeon . drink , he saw that his hair had become entirely white . i am ! ? leave the standard to sail peaceably , not toward london , where d ’ artagnan and porthos believed they were going , but to durham , whither mordaunt had been ordered to repair by the letter he had received during his sojourn at boulogne , and accompany us to the royalist camp , on this side of the tyne , near newcastle . expiring <unk> threw up a	156.97970581054688
fresh flame from the <unk> of a piece of wood that lay near , and a bright light flashed over the room . blood , dripping from the <unk> upon which lay the wounded man , speechless ; the monk had disappeared . passed , if not rapidly , at least tolerably . returned albert , “ i compliment you on it ; i have its fellow ” —he took his watch from his waistcoat <unk> “ and it cost me 3,000 francs . ” , went to madame de chevreuse . as you say , athos . one in the apartment , which consisted of an antechamber and a bedroom . ’ said he ; ‘ this man has gone , and for the moment has consequently	105.92059326171875
escaped my vengeance ; but let us be united , as we were to have been , and then leave it to lord de winter to maintain his own honor and that of his wife . ’ ” of the misfortune which thus suddenly frustrated his hopes , dantès did not lose his presence of mind , but descended into the passage , dragging his unfortunate companion with him ; then , <unk> , <unk> him , he managed to reach the abbé ’ s chamber , when he immediately laid the sufferer on his bed . he , “ you have offered us places in your carriage , and at your windows in the rospoli palace . asked porthos . said monte cristo . you please ,	83.49208068847656
for a second knife , fork , and plate , and we will dine together . ” , you doubtless place some guard outside ? ” milady ’ s packages pointed out to him , and ordered them to be placed in the boat . what else was opera invented for ? ” , who , after having , like the rest of paris , witnessed the contract scene and the scandal attending it , had retired in haste to his club , where he was chatting with some friends upon the events which served as a subject of conversation for <unk> of that city known as the capital of the world . seized the gun by its muzzle , in order to strike raoul on the head	145.69229125976562
with the butt . entirely surrounded , walked alone in a great empty space . seen his face at that moment . ” us all propose some place . things than that . of that interrogator ? ” asked aramis . then , ” said the count , “ who this deeply regretted son was ; for i always understood you were a bachelor . ” the man , who could scarcely believe in such <unk> , “ but is it not to have me hanged ? ” danglars , “ the sacrifice was no trifling one , when the beauty of the bride is concerned . was to summon his landlord , who presented himself with his accustomed <unk> . know that i do not like worldly	88.32286071777344
pleasures . ” the peach , like the grapes , fell to the ground . it . ” try and be on good terms with everybody , at all events , ” said monte cristo . as small as possible , another note on the margin of his horace , and then looking at the duke with the air of a man who thinks he has an idea of his own , while he is only <unk> upon the idea of another , said : said the procurator ’ s wife , “ will you have the kindness to offer me your arm for five minutes ? athos in a tone of delight , “ he is well ? two travelers each in a charming chamber ; but	84.57717895507812
unfortunately these charming chambers were at the opposite extremities of the hôtel . we must do now . ” then ? ” seeking . ” death , madame , ” said villefort . the count , “ not to know the value of a man ’ s word ! and despair . hearing ? ; and what does he mean by his news from greece ? ” containing five hundred pistoles in gold ; make all your arrangements , and tell me where i shall be able to find you this evening at ten o ’ clock . ” respecting spanish <unk> the expulsion of don carlos . , and that would make four . raoul . ” d ’ artagnan , smiling at the misanthropy of athos	71.84622192382812
, which from any other person would have offended him , “ i ride what i can get ; i am not so proud as you . himself ? ” horror ; morrel took her in his arms , as if to defend her from some unknown danger . for the court , produced quite a different effect to that which was intended . pray ? ” asked lord de winter . thus of affairs in presence of two strangers ? ” been an ancestor of your eminence . ” to be a breakfast on the grass , took the basket , packed up the viands , added the bottles , and then took the basket on his arm . that ? ” cried the brigadier . who	91.43687438964844
unharnessed the smoking horses , and put the carriage into a coach house . for me . ” to reverse ordinary customs , and come home at the hour when other people are going out . ” ” said monte cristo “ there is a postscript . ” would open , and he would be compelled to leave paris ; d ’ artagnan had no time for a prolonged love siege . lawn i stopped to light it , then i continued my path . style of writing is very good . ” amount to ? ” one aims a blow that is the <unk> way to strike . had adopted and who bore so striking a resemblance to him ? ” said the prince , “ it	109.25911712646484
is a long time since you saw your father , remain here with him . on , and began again to dig . ” he said . , then . ” is . ” and return often . on , the soldiers under arms , and among the spectators i see d ’ artagnan . friend ? ” said athos . , lord , to see if they be strong ; but soon thou dost afford thy hand to lead them on . ” him the cause of my refusal , ” replied dantès , “ and i hope he fully understood it . ” gun by the barrel , and used it as he would a club . , ” said athos , while the two musketeers	64.27310180664062
who had remained behind advanced hat in hand . , ” said the tutor . yesterday ’ s report ? ” chamber was a door concealed in the tapestry which the duke opened with a little gold key which he wore suspended from his neck by a chain of the same metal . replied the young princess , “ a cavalier has just entered the louvre and wishes to present his respects to your majesty ; he arrives from the army and has , he says , a letter to remit to you , on the part of the marechal de grammont , i think . ” , he was surrounded by the loving care of a devoted family , but he had convinced himself by a course	111.66914367675781
of reasoning , <unk> perhaps , yet certainly plausible , that he must separate himself from all he held dear in the world , even life itself . of groan . morrel , reading all that passed through the minds of the witnesses to the scene , “ i know what i am saying , and you know as well as i do what i am about to <unk> has been assassinated ! ” the count ’ s face . which you have enumerated and <unk> your crimes calls for a severe <unk> on the part of the court , both in the name of <unk> , and for the respect due to humanity . d ’ artagnan and porthos then found themselves in the centre of a	96.18814849853516
large circle . was hastening towards the wood , was already three-quarters of the way on the road from the grotto to the forest . easy ! —i am not speaking riddles , and you will soon know what i mean . return ? ” , and the jailer , addressing himself to bertuccio , said : thoroughly good fellow , and will detain you no longer . the island of lemaire and cape <unk> , a quarter of a league distant , dantès saw a fishing-boat driven rapidly like a spectre before the power of winds and waves . the bishop ’ s . three feet long by two feet broad was cleared , and dantès could see an oaken coffer , bound with cut steel ;	172.8267822265625
in the middle of the lid he saw engraved on a silver plate , which was still <unk> , the arms of the spada <unk> , a sword , <unk> <unk> , on an oval shield , like all the italian armorial bearings , and surmounted by a cardinal ’ s hat . of the proud eugénie . ” perfect until he learns to create and destroy ; he does know how to destroy , and that is half the battle . ” a thrust at my adversary , whom i had already hit three times , and whom i meant to finish with the fourth , i put my foot on a stone , slipped , and strained my knee . ” he said . the trouble	133.20631408691406
, excellency , ” returned signor pastrini , with the smile peculiar to the italian speculator when he <unk> defeat ; “ i will do all i can , and i hope you will be satisfied . ” ” said franz , “ do you feel much inclined to join the revels ? ; he adored her . ? ” the circumstance to speak to m. de tréville of the letter with the great red seal and the cardinal ’ s arms . his horse , not because he was severely wounded , but not being able to see the wound , he judged it to be more serious than it really was . same thing does not happen to you in selling the diamond you feared with	89.279052734375
the gold . ” <unk> . country toward the road to paris , followed by mousqueton , who , after being too cold all night , at the end of a quarter of an hour found himself too warm . rochefort ! they did not return to the louvre till six o ’ clock in the morning . morrel , “ what has become of her ? ” curiosity mingled with hatred ; i wished to see what villefort was going to do there , and i remained motionless , holding my breath . cried d ’ artagnan , “ is the poor fellow worse , then ? ” his father , for he never spoke on the subject , but from <unk> description of the last moments	69.01300048828125
of the vizier of yanina ; he had read different accounts of his death , but the story seemed to acquire fresh meaning from the voice and expression of the young girl , and her sympathetic accent and the melancholy expression of her countenance at once charmed and horrified him . i will go myself . ” , you disguise yourself as a servant , and yet keep a diamond on your finger worth four or five thousand francs . ” ” said he ; “ and do you believe that if i knew i would relate to you all its trials and all its adventures as would a dramatist or a novel writer ? long a time had forgotten god , began to think that miracles were	141.99697875976562
<unk> the accursed cavern might be discovered by the officers of the papal states , who would release him ; that then he would have 50,000 remaining , which would be sufficient to save him from starvation ; and finally he prayed that this sum might be preserved to him , and as he prayed he wept . had returned to his service , not in the army of his majesty the emperor of austria , but at the <unk> of the baths of lucca , of which he was one of the most assiduous courtiers . she murmured . i . that condemnation , it filled them with grief . ” ! ” cried monte cristo— “ precisely so ; and this is what i said to	139.0929718017578
my worthy adelmonte . perugia , and rome . ” about to leave paris ; he was going to his banker . ” me ; i made the tenant sign the deed of <unk> , and when i had obtained what i so much wanted , i galloped to auteuil . similar rooms , with the addition of a third , formed out of the antechamber ; these three rooms were a salon , a boudoir , and a bedroom . the sum of five million one hundred thousand francs , to be repaid on demand by the house of thomson & french of rome . ” of men , and henceforth make yourself less easily the instrument of their unjust vengeance . ” , they easily obtained	131.56573486328125
three hundred pistoles on the ring . every reason to believe that a storm is <unk> in the south . ” his footsteps , the two men threw themselves in each other ’ s arms , and while they were in the midst of this embrace , the count entered . ” said porthos , unwilling to be behind d ’ artagnan in generosity ; “ i would give as much as a hundred pistoles . ” be quiet , i beseech you , ” said broussel . servant , you have other servants to wait upon you , take care of your clothes , and see that your linen is duly prepared for you . the agitation in the palais royal , the passing to and fro	77.94060516357422
of busy people ? he made no demonstration of politeness , only stopping before the queen . our heads ? ” , and in three days he had succeeded , with the utmost precaution , in removing the cement , and exposing the <unk> . , pardieu ! ” said aramis , “ the rule of the convent is very severe . ” or flemish spy , ” said he , putting his hand to his pistol . , and wrote under the other lines : , of six more such months as this would be to reduce the third-rate house to despair . ” the vicomte de bragelonne to remain where he was . , ” replied the major with the greatest possible coolness . ” said	110.14592742919922
he ; “ i want a hundred pounds , and as for my <unk> ” and he emptied them inside out . nevertheless ? ” <unk> you when you leave . ” <unk> , fernand , and are only at liberty on <unk> , liable at any moment to be called upon to take up arms . it may be the smallpox , sir , ” replied porthos , desirous of taking his turn in the conversation ; “ and what is serious is that it will certainly spoil his face . ” of the carriage surveyed the house , the garden as far as he could distinguish it , and the livery of servants who passed to and fro , with an attention so close as to	93.86957550048828
be somewhat impertinent . that if in the depths of the heart there is a sentiment more tender , it reaches then , quite naturally , the highest <unk> of which it is capable . trouble and confusion in the assembly . ” said aramis . look at my room , my four straw chairs , my images , three francs each . abduction had for its object the <unk> of my mistress , to draw from me by torture confessions that might compromise the honor , and perhaps the life , of my august mistress . ” , ” replied the sentry , “ i do not know ; for the last hour i have not heard him stir . ” she said , with a ghastly	133.34007263183594
smile , “ that i shall be inclined to <unk> this coffer to answer any future accusations ? ” ? ” returning in a few seconds . , ” said aramis ; “ we want to see the coadjutor , and instantly , as we are in haste . ” to be heard ; it might be imagined that he was a hundred miles from the capital . at that his mind , generally so courageous , but now disturbed by the two strongest human passions , love and fear , was weakened even to the indulgence of superstitious thoughts . swear solemnly that i shall never have reason to repent my recommendation . ’ prisoner thus , we shall never know the truth . ” four gunshot	112.76506042480469
holes in his cloak and two in his beaver . teeth . in derby the four friends perceived blaisois standing in the doorway of a handsome house . like the others , he is a ruined man . ” to you that i have not . ” you may have heard , introduced a barrel of powder under one of the angles , which in blowing up made a very pretty breach . dangerous kind , i give you notice . ” cried porthos , “ they have not even pursued us . the hôtel des gardes . i am not come to discuss politics , but to inquire if you have anything to ask or to complain of . ” described a circle , and were bringing	122.21051788330078
him back to rome . ” said monte cristo in a half-stifled voice . preparatory to the count ’ s arrival , to relate many particulars respecting him to madame danglars . lord de winter entered first ; indeed , there was but one porter there to receive them at the gate . sought to make him speak more explicitly , but m. de quesnel replied that he wished first to know what they wanted with him . said athos , “ you forget that you committed a very different kind of imprudence in pronouncing lord de winter ’ s name . were informed beforehand . ” side of the grave , and said the prayers of the dead . ” for paris . ” in the general	89.44929504394531
terms of use part of this license , apply to copying and distributing project gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the project gutenberg™ concept and trademark . that had left in the morning , and the tartan that had just set sail , that edmond fixed his eyes . then ? ” . ” , and if you fail to come , i shall think—for how do i know to the contrary ? —that this house , which has remained uninhabited for twenty years , must have some gloomy <unk> or dreadful legend connected with it . ” question , as well as the rest , mr. president , but in its turn . ” ? ” said the queen . a gallant old general , who , in	125.78543853759766
<unk> , had sung <unk> pour la <unk> , — “ we will not go alone to the garden . ” them with you ; for i entreat her to give to the poor the immense fortune reverting to her from her father , now a madman , and her brother who died last september with his mother . five years ! ” said the major with a deep sigh , and raising his eye to heaven . to you—the comte de la fere ; you do not know that name . said . _pharaon_ and patron of dantès . ” that embrace alive . madame de villefort is not here ? ” lord , ’ tis but little , as certainly i shall not go alone .	97.60272979736328
” . ” more in the emerald , which would contain about a dozen . ” said the doctor ; “ i was not aware that madame de saint-méran was subject to such <unk> . ” <unk> , excellency . ” . have a prisoner , ” said athos , pointing to raoul . be concealed till it burst , like a clap of thunder , over the head of the guilty . that i had a mother , that five men leagued against one woman , murdered her <unk> by <unk> cowards . evening . had noticed from the first for the same reason they had themselves been remarked by others , was walking in a <unk> way up and down the jetty . i certainly committed	87.82386016845703
that imprudence ; but why should i have done otherwise ? away , i saw a faint light shine through the windows of the private staircase by which we have just descended . presented himself at the already opened carriage door , and held out his hand to a young woman , completely enveloped in a green silk mantle heavily embroidered with gold . church , and the affair might injure me if i should share it with any other than a sure friend like you , i write to beg that you will serve me as second . warned that it was to take place this morning ? ” tell me , ” said she , “ how have you watched me so closely as to be	133.4094696044922
aware beforehand not only of my arrival , but even of the day , the hour , and the port at which i should arrive ? ” to england ? ” avenue . ? father . ” wonder and curiosity in the neighborhood of the allées de meilhan , and a multitude of theories were afloat , none of which was anywhere near the truth . so ? ” ” asked the man . in the war for <unk> . with him . idea what became of them ? ’ — ‘ yes , sir ; i heard they had fallen victims to their sorrow , and , perhaps , to their poverty . when he sends for you , you must let me put on your clothes	101.79296875
; i will go in your stead ; i will strangle him , and upon my honor , if that is made a condition i will return to prison . ” athos , to that proposition ? ” replied the count , “ did you not hear her declare that we were friends ? ” will be proof enough that i authorize their journey . ” of <unk> justice , silent and sure , without respite or appeal , which condemns or pardons , and which no one sees . if ? ” cried he , “ what are we going there for ? ” gates , they will be torn down , twisted into iron wire , ground to powder ! , or rather join the king	129.66336059570312
, wherever he may be , and tell his majesty that i humbly beg him to excuse me , but an affair of the greatest importance recalls me to london . your heart , morrel , and ask it whether you ought to preserve this melancholy exterior towards me . ” from his room . ” said the colonel ; “ every one has yielded . ” tinged the livid cheeks , consciousness returned to the dull , open eyeballs , a faint sigh issued from the lips , and the sufferer made a feeble effort to move . distracted me ; i shall be fined . ” view things on the dark side , methinks . ” will take this bag , and you will go away	148.4698486328125
without being too <unk> . ” of france have the same chance as the emperor ? ” would have been a happiness too infinite , too ecstatic , too complete , too divine for this world , since it has been denied me ; but without valentine the earth is desolate . ” do not keep me starving here any longer , but tell me what they want . ” giant took up these two articles , and without any apparent effort produced in them the <unk> suggested by his companion . bewildered . of all this annoyance ? ” ” said monte cristo , looking earnestly at the young man , and by an imperceptible movement turning his chair , so that he remained in the shade	129.70523071289062
while the light fell full on maximilian ’ s face . <unk> . what they did ? ” ” said villefort , joining the hands of morrel and d ’ avrigny , “ swear that you will spare the honor of my house , and leave me to avenge my child . ” anne , “ ’ tis reasonable , since you only ask from a queen the sixth of what the parliament has proposed ; ” and she signed an order for a hundred thousand francs . cushion produced a great <unk> she was very <unk> the lady with the black hood , who saw in her a rival really to be dreaded ; a great effect upon porthos , who thought her much <unk> than the	99.40208435058594
lady with the black hood ; a great effect upon d ’ artagnan , who recognized in her the lady of meung , of calais , and of dover , whom his persecutor , the man with the scar , had saluted by the name of milady . call me . ” ; i had seen him conversing that morning with grimaud , and grimaud had told me that he had made him proposals to enter into his service . , always affected by funereal display , looked on with religious silence while the splendid procession accompanied to their last abode two of the number of the old <unk> greatest protectors of commerce and sincere <unk> to their principles . des <unk> , close to la force .	162.64608764648438
you ; do not let her flee from your embrace . ” said barrois ; “ i shall go and fetch a notary , <unk> ” and the old servant departed triumphantly on his mission . , with his hands on his heart , his head bent low , approached the queen and in a voice of deepest sorrow said : of being calmed by the soft picture , uttered a groan and fainted . wanted to have her brother-in-law killed ? ” . honor , monseigneur , ” replied the latter , his eyes dazzled by the brilliant style in which d ’ artagnan traveled . . aramis , “ shall we not be suspected by colonel harrison ? ” the story has a conclusion . ”	104.20980072021484
and undecided . i have that of the garter , which king charles i. gave me some days before he died . ” , ” murmured the young lady with the velvet eyes . ’ t see straight , ” said danglars ; “ he ’ s gone right by the road to the vieilles infirmeries . ” careful search it might be recovered . ” that the young man did not say “ my father . ” and whispered in the young king ’ s ear : still ali , thanks to his wild nature , and the count , thanks doubtless to his long confinement , could distinguish in the darkness the slightest movement of the trees . discernible through the trees , remained in darkness	110.7254409790039
, and gave no indication that so important an event as the signature of a marriage-contract was going on . ” asked the duke . of la rochelle with the cardinal . his new antagonist by the wrist , when he started back , exclaiming , “ raoul ! ” everything ; a carriage below is waiting for your majesty . ” that they both be instantly arrested ? ” a city one has already visited , we feel the same pride as when we point out a woman whose lover we have been . ; at that period of his life , i lost sight of my young comrade . ” apartment , if you please . ” to be slain in winter with the decay of	125.75827026367188
vegetation and to revive in the spring . like good wine , as you may know , monsieur ; these have asked for the best . really so two hours ago . ” dovecot chapter <unk> . was proper to follow this example . , pardon me . ” money to the <unk> to withdraw . a pretty mule , ” said porthos ; “ you are right , i have seen very great spanish nobles whose whole suite were mounted on <unk> . first , turned round on his legs and stood with his back to the cane . am more your friend than you think—for after our very first encounter , i could by saying a word to the cardinal have had your throat cut !	132.2370147705078
” my lord , that there always remains to us a last resource . ” repugnance to accept me as your guardian in the interim . ” was so well turned , that in spite of the great wish felt by the courtiers to laugh , they could find no point on which to vent their ridicule . circle , but stopped at no one , and at last went to the door and began to scratch and bark . your hand , young man . ; and everything considered , it is our lot to risk our lives ; but _she_ , ” asked he , in an undertone . , her pearly neck , her cheeks <unk> with varying hues reminded one of the lovely <unk>	165.1790313720703
who have been so <unk> compared in their manner to the <unk> of a <unk> . i have of speaking to myself . wife ’ s room and asked for breakfast ; it was nine o ’ clock . ” said monte cristo , “ confess honestly that you have not perfect confidence in thomson & french . by instinct . ” old casket which stood in a corner of the room , and which was full of parchments referring to an estate during a period of two hundred years lost to his family . pistols ! ” and the same cry , but that of athos <unk> all the rest . or madame de villefort who is ill. as for you , although we doctors can not	90.67163848876953
divest our <unk> of nerves , i fancy you have no further need of me than to recommend you not to allow your imagination to take too wide a field . ” cried m. de tréville , “ mine ! should be informed as soon as madame danglars appeared ; but at two o ’ clock she had not returned . you . ” ” said morcerf , “ i beg of you not to apply that title so prematurely . ” . xvi . ! ” said she ; “ you are really suffering , and these ladies will excuse you ; drink a glass of pure water , it will restore you . ” week in my cellar i shall be a ruined man . ”	79.61875915527344
them to tell you something about my guest . ” his hope of being captain ? ” men who can comprehend certain matters and having understood them , can act with <unk> ” delightful one . ” . ; for , of course , you know ? ” myself as a coward did i desert the brave fellow in his present extremity . ” . your household was established by your first husband , and although i am only your brother-in-law , i will arrange one similar . ” , sir ; i heard it from friquet . ” exactly . ” with him ? ’ answered the prince . ” replied monte cristo , determined not to lose an inch of the ground he had gained ,	91.5958480834961
“ my reason for desiring an ‘ unlimited ’ credit was precisely because i did not know how much money i might need . ” my friend , ” said the englishman ; “ i wish to speak to you . ” morrel , “ the <unk> <unk> assassin . ” to <unk> prince ? ” d ’ artagnan , ” he said , “ prepare to set off for saint germain and take a letter from me to the queen . ” hôtel des gardes , they separated , leaving the street at opposite ends , one having to quit paris by the barrière de la villette and the other by the barrière montmartre , to meet again beyond st. <unk> strategic maneuver which , having been	106.81951904296875
executed with equal punctuality , was crowned with the most fortunate results . and , as i doubt not but that your master is on the road to salvation , i want you to tell me where he is , that he may help me to mine . ” already told her son that he ought to go to bed , and several times louis had <unk> insisted on staying where he was ; but now he made no reply , but turned pale and bit his lips with anger . by his side . ” in athos ’ s habitually calm manner , the face of the gascon relaxed and porthos ’ s brow grew smooth . after the count entered . i repeat , you are	123.76606750488281
wrong . rospigliosi and spada paid for being cardinals , and eight other persons paid for the offices the cardinals held before their elevation , and thus eight hundred thousand crowns entered into the coffers of the speculators . do you seek after the <unk> of the earth ? succeeded in approaching several times the beautiful and proud anne of austria , and in making himself loved by dazzling her . in two hours , in four , in six hours at latest , planchet will be here . fourth time . : command , monseigneur ; i am ready . ” had been assassinated by my relation , aided by four friends , but i was already aware that i had been robbed of my wealth and	174.6127166748047
<unk> from my nobility by king charles i . ” , ” she added , in a voice full of emotion , “ you render me a much greater service than you imagine . ” dead , father , and it is probable that , with the aid of m. morrel , i shall have his place . ever since . ! can behead me with a single blow ? ” asked the king . saw also a tolerably clean table prepared for two , two bottles of wine sealed , the one with green , the other with yellow , a supply of brandy in a decanter , and a measure of fruit in a <unk> , cleverly arranged on an <unk> plate . inquired for the	126.76394653320312
woman ; you should have traced her . ” and m. de la trémouille ’ s people retreated into the hôtel , the doors of which they closed just in time to prevent their enemies from entering with them . of my fall ? it , and , selecting the spot from whence it appeared most susceptible to attack , placed his lever in one of the crevices , and strained every nerve to move the mass . ’ s sake ! ” round the invalid ; the second notary was sitting at a table , prepared for writing , and his colleague was standing before the testator in the act of interrogating him on the subject to which we have alluded . it was only when he	157.40342712402344
felt his foot touch the ground that he was satisfied of his safety . said the gardener , “ but that does not make it the less unpleasant . ? asked mazarin . i might advise , your majesty will interrogate the person of whom i spoke to you , and i will <unk> your majesty to do him this honor . ” merely <unk> war against circumstances , not men . all that to us ? ” said d ’ artagnan . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you have well said , but these are only words . this strange chain of domestic afflictions , followed by the no less strange death of his daughter—— ” said aramis , <unk> his ear to make	73.9943618774414
it red , as he rubbed his hands to make them white , “ and then i made a certain <unk> upon it last year , which i showed to monsieur voiture , and that great man paid me a thousand compliments . ” ” he said , “ to the queen . ” prisoner saw that <unk> though her eyes were cast down , nothing escaped her . , ” said maximilian with a smile . drink to their health with all my heart , but i will not drink alone . ” time i have had the honor of seeing you . ” infernal influence ; but i will save him . dared to utter , at the first freedom to which i had to reply	88.90491485595703
, i called for help . ” least in the world , madame ! sir , should any harm befall me , your name will be the last name that i shall utter , the remembrance of you my last thought . ” difficult , as there was no board to support him . a friendly sign to him with his head , dismounted , and throwing his bridle to a lackey who was passing , he approached the valet-de-chambre with a smile on his lips . . ” upon the king was not till twelve , he had made a party with porthos and aramis to play a game at tennis in a tennis court situated near the stables of the luxembourg . give up that good	107.72293853759766
monsieur broussel , dead or alive , and all would be at an end . ” , for they thought that he was about to attack the inspector , and the latter recoiled two or three steps . the next day they met again . ? ” asked monte cristo . orders , spoke of a banquet which the marquis de villequier was to give to her on the day after the morrow , indicated the persons she would admit to the honor of <unk> of it , announced another visit on the following day to <unk> , where she intended to pay her <unk> , and gave her commands to her senior valet to accompany her . strength failed him , he seemed unable to sustain himself	100.76211547851562
above the water and a wave passed over his head , which drowned his voice . , sire , ” answered the minister of police . myself , or call , or cry out ? ” understand , ” said porthos . pure beautiful forehead a kiss which made two hearts throb at once , the one violently , the other secretly . he would have thrown his glove in my face if morrel , one of my friends , had not stopped him . ” blind and deaf , ” replied the young man , with an air of determination that made his companion shudder . , but certainly the most amusing . ” , ” replied fernand , with the accents of <unk> resolution , “	95.68721771240234
i would die myself ! ” athos , letting him go , “ you are not polite ; it is easy to perceive that you come from a distance . ” gentlemen ! sir , and that is what i like best , ” said the man , smiling . morrel , danglars and caderousse were despatched in search of the bridegroom to convey to him the intelligence of the arrival of the important personage whose coming had created such a lively sensation , and to beseech him to make haste . gave these details , that albert seemed to have something to ask of him , but that he was unwilling to ask it . i do not know what has become of him ; so that	88.32939147949219
i am really so unhappy that i weep . ” was the same mad creature who threw over her amours such an air of originality as to make them proverbial for <unk> in her family . of this house , doubtless hoping i should kill the count and he thus become his heir , or that the count would kill me and i should be out of his way , he <unk> me , and has murdered me . ” ” said monte cristo , “ you appear to be in no way disappointed in the son whom your good fortune has restored to you . ” the drawing-room , which was like all other furnished drawing-rooms . with his new dignities , went with a good appetite	105.23080444335938
and his most ingratiating manner . , ” said aramis , “ but under these robes i have a coat of mail , a pistol and a dagger . ” extended his hand to the officer , who sighed as he recognized the ring so gracefully given to him by the queen on the night of the ball at the hotel de ville and which she had <unk> from monsieur des essarts . <unk> d ’ <unk> ; <unk> , holding by the halter a vigorous <unk> horse ; this was d ’ artagnan ’ s mount . the count of monte cristo here . ” andrea , i think you have managed this affair rather skilfully ? ” venture to draw the cardinal ’ s fat face	93.74714660644531
. this request ? ” friends ? ” he asked . captain . the old man , “ the natural repugnance to the commission of such a crime prevented you from thinking of it ; and so it ever is because in simple and <unk> things our natural instincts keep us from <unk> from the strict line of duty . of it . ” first , then the representative of m. cavalcanti , senior , then the baroness , afterwards the “ future couple , ” as they are styled in the abominable <unk> of legal documents . , count , this youth is our prisoner ; you seem to forget that . three musketeers looked at one another inquiringly . about it ? ” asked anne of	131.62803649902344
austria , with a movement of impatience . then ! ” cried d ’ artagnan to the man with the scythe , taking one of the pistols up by the muzzle and preparing to strike with the handle . services now ? ” asked d ’ avrigny . and i repeat it for the third time ; that house is one inhabited by my friend , and that friend is aramis . ” at once the eight or ten seamen who composed the crew , sprang to their respective stations at the spanker <unk> and <unk> , topsail sheets and <unk> , the jib <unk> , and the topsail <unk> and <unk> . cried porthos , “ if i were the esquire of poor chalais , should pass	96.15141296386719
a minute or two very <unk> with me . ” only regret if the horse had not proved good . ” the old man . thing . de winter , ” said felton , tired of these eternal complaints . third shot , ” said he to himself , “ i am a lost man . ” ” a sentiment of stupefaction . struck one . some design against me , reverend sir . ” monsieur <unk> his study ! ” villefort pushed , or rather forced , the door open . ” said athos ; “ but they are only <unk> bad <unk> , who will be sure not to hit me . ” said morrel in a hoarse voice , “ tell them that i am	64.21098327636719
her betrothed . to the heart . ” eyelids and the night was passed in feverish contemplation of the chain of circumstances tending to prove the identity of the mysterious visitant to the colosseum with the inhabitant of the grotto of monte cristo ; and the more he thought , the firmer grew his opinion on the subject . and , my faith , my seventy-five pistoles passed from my pocket to his , without reckoning my horse , which he won into the bargain . that is he ! with his nails , but they were too weak . a fashionable , elegantly dressed lady , and yet the door remained almost closed . , my dear athos , do not make a useless sacrifice . first	138.7974090576172
step of the church of san giacomo , be sure to fasten a knot of rose-colored ribbons to the shoulder of your harlequin costume , in order that you may be recognized . seen madame de saint-méran ? ” entered . afterwards the postilion , having been put in the right road , passed with a crack of his whip through the gateway of the barrière saint-martin . the fugitives . ” give it away or re-use it under the terms of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org . s hand as though he would crush it . bazin , and bid him pray for a poor sinner . ” appear above an abandoned work within thirty paces of him ; they	196.332275390625
were the heads of the two soldiers . death , and if the walls of a prison were between edmond and mercédès they would be as effectually separated as if he lay under a <unk> . ” , ” said he . day or by night , fight , but retreat , without shame ; if you cross a bridge , feel every plank of it with your foot , lest one should give way beneath you ; if you pass before a house which is being built , look up , for fear a stone should fall upon your head ; if you stay out late , be always followed by your lackey , and let your lackey be <unk> , by the by , you can	162.1398162841797
be sure of your lackey . . single word , turned his head in another direction and pulled his felt hat over it . , then , so much confidence in your servant that you can intrust him with a secret you will not allow me to know ? ” said , as he ascended the stairs leading to his wife ’ s room , “ nothing is changed here . ” , gentlemen , too many ! dignity prevailed , and if she did not entirely master her agitation , she at least succeeded in preventing the fall of a single tear . the sunday following i did return to him . the ring , but upon one condition . ” child ! you here so ,	108.70561218261719
and yet we can not stay . ” mademoiselle , ” exclaimed monte cristo as if this simple explanation was sufficient to revive the recollection he sought . to place it in position . , followed by m. de villefort . in their graves , rise no more . ” be summoned on my account ? ” thought he . ? ” coadjutor , “ you are avaricious , my good fellow . ” drew up the stone , rushed into the passage , and reached the opposite extremity ; the secret entrance was open . left him , ” replied mordaunt , alighting , in order to give his horse to a soldier to hold . ( <unk> et <unk> ) ! ’ ” in earnest ?	93.83377838134766
” inquired the steward . teacher at rome make three <unk> large , one middling , and one small ; and pointed out to him that by the help of a sharp instrument he could trace the letters on a slate , and thus learn to write . three o ’ clock in the afternoon , they arrived at surgères . ; give my compliments to your illustrious luccanese , <unk> of the cavalcanti ; and if by any chance he should be wishing to establish his son , find him a wife very rich , very noble on her mother ’ s side at least , and a baroness in right of her father , i will help you in the search . ” your eyes ,	137.73770141601562
which must have acquired so much <unk> and certainty , to divine , at a glance , the kind of man by whom you are confronted ? arm thrown around his body , and a well-known voice behind him exclaimed , “ <unk> father ! ” artagnan , ” added he , in a tone so solemn that it made the young man shudder , “ consider that béthune is a city where the cardinal has given rendezvous to a woman who , wherever she goes , brings misery with her . , a light tilbury , you are naturally as slippery as an <unk> ; if i had missed you tonight , i might not have had another chance . ” escape me ! ” ” cried	114.76105499267578
the officer , in the tone of ill-humor habitual to him ; “ what the devil are you doing here ? ” ” resumed villefort , “ that what he demands is impossible . ” can i confide in you ? ” had been taken to prison , and he had gone to all his friends , and the influential persons of the city ; but the report was already in <unk> that dantès was arrested as a bonapartist agent ; and as the most sanguine looked upon any attempt of napoleon to <unk> the throne as impossible , he met with nothing but refusal , and had returned home in despair , declaring that the matter was serious and that nothing more could be done . that	96.8895492553711
since we last met you have changed your religion . post , beginning to be rather uneasy at this silence and this solitude . , ” said d ’ artagnan . with the details of <unk> , d ’ artagnan and aramis made no objection to abandoning this important care to him . with spartan economy , and we each require fifteen hundred livres . ” by maximilian and emmanuel . penetrating gray eyes were opened to the utmost . , and let us visit the garden ; you are not afraid of ghosts with me , i hope ? ” shaken and it is to little purpose for devoted hearts to serve the interests of princes . not to be listening , heard however , every word	136.46270751953125
that was said . mutton of the salt marshes , ” said porthos , smacking his lips . . , d ’ artagnan . ” at a trot on the road to cambrin , where they expected to find the prince . by another question . with nobody in paris . what you tell me recalls to mind something about the name of fernand mondego . plainly one thing , sir ? said athos . ” the room announced that in all probability he was bringing in two mazarinists , it appeared to be the unanimous opinion of the officers on guard that they ought not to pass . . ” of that cottage , silent and obscure , which had no doubt seen all , and could	99.99519348144531
tell its tale . albert , replying to this direct appeal , “ i can give you very exact information on that subject , as well as on most points relative to the mysterious person of whom we are now <unk> young woman is a greek . ” gave ! ” cried porthos . in deep sorrow , is she not ? ” said debray to franz . raoul , “ courage ! ” an exclamation , without a cry for help , athos tried to sustain himself on the surface of the waters , but the weight dragged him down ; he disappeared by degrees ; soon nothing was to be seen except his long , floating hair ; then both men disappeared and the <unk> of	145.32850646972656
the water , which , in its turn , was soon effaced , alone indicated the spot where these two had sunk . ? porthos , who was breathing like a blacksmith ’ s bellows ; “ why , he is made of iron . ” face was illumined by a faint smile , as he noticed the portfolio which the receiver-general held in his hand . the banker , drawing himself up with a haughty air , “ the extent of my resources has never yet been questioned . ” i wish all the world to be so ; but it appears that is not possible . ” will never make a man of him . ” a foreigner , english , i think . went to	96.37132263183594
the place i directed . the window turned round , and passed within four steps of d ’ artagnan , pulling down the hood of her mantle ; but the precaution was too late , d ’ artagnan had already recognized mme . her knees , and began to pray . i am too good-natured . s son ? ” replied monte cristo , astonished in his turn . coach-house at the right-hand side where the ladders are kept . the yard . in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance . drawing near the disclosure . ” but strength was on the side of the musketeers . ? ” and at the same time the ten men whom d ’ artagnan had given to	80.34042358398438
comminges appeared . son did not come to see him before he went to avenge his father ’ s honor ; but when that was done , why did not his son come and throw himself into his arms ? , i assure you , for i have found something extremely agreeable in your conversation . ” then you tempted god a third time . d ’ artagnan . d ’ artagnan returned with the two thousand livres , and without having met with any accident . which she placed on a desk before noirtier ; she opened it , and , seeing that the old man ’ s eye was thoroughly fixed on its pages , she ran her finger quickly up and down the columns .	88.16696166992188
his horse , he commenced his career with four more crowns than m. de tréville possessed at the commencement of his . dead , all will indeed be at an end , my lord , but quite otherwise than you mean . ” need this annoy you ? ” where you yourselves sleep ? ’ proverb to the effect that it is only mountains that never meet ; and popular <unk> contain sometimes a wonderful amount of truth . ” to go ? ” difficult to descend . ” . ” ” said monte cristo , “ some <unk> or abbé de ganges , one stormy , dark night , descending these stairs step by step , carrying a load , which he wishes to hide from the	160.02359008789062
sight of man , if not from god ? ” edmond , that i am no longer a reasoning creature ; i have no will , unless it be the will never to decide . exclaimed another stern voice which milady recognized as that of felton . he said , “ might have dispensed with your attendants ; the honor bestowed on me is too great for me to be unmindful of it . ” the army you would have been able to pick up a needle on the floor of a closed oven . , therefore , that the conversation during the whole of dinner turned upon the two checks that his eminence ’ s guardsmen had received . bazin , striking a flint , and setting	143.46583557128906
<unk> a twisted wax-light , with which he started the church candles . nothing . ” from vincennes ? ” i desire , i shall owe it to m. morrel . think of giving this order till five hours after the <unk> is to say , till two o ’ clock in the <unk> vessels had already left the port , the one bearing , as we know , milady , who , already anticipating the event , was further confirmed in that belief by seeing the black flag flying at the <unk> of the <unk> ’ s ship . at any time , my lord ; if one has it not , one must do without it ; with it , matters go on much better and	131.68096923828125
more rapidly . ” obliged to own that andrea ought to have felt remorse , but that he did not . as we said , the fifth of february . in which the information against you was <unk> ? ” words ; the history of haydée recurred to him , and he remembered what she had said of that message and the ring , and the manner in which she had been sold and made a slave . long ago , ” answered porthos . politics are those which bear fruit . to him ; grimaud answered in four . épinay , saw him enter , afterwards go out , and then re-enter with albert and château-renaud . , this is the secret of my conduct towards you	116.61587524414062
. sir ; nothing can be more agreeable to me ; only do not allow me to be insulted . ” in the most critical positions of our lives we have always dined . ” am your <unk> me as such . ” to be married , there is nothing like implicit confidence ; but never mind that , my boy , —go and announce your arrival , and let her know all your hopes and prospects . ” merchant service , had he ever served in the marines ? ” sir ; i was not praying . ” latter , “ the cardinal ! ; great drops of acrid sweat fell from his face upon the papers which he held in his convulsed hand . gondy ,	128.47573852539062
” said the duchess , “ you remind one of the <unk> . am a man , and have suffered like yourself , and also contemplated suicide ; indeed , often since misfortune has left me i have longed for the delights of an eternal sleep . ” , that if it be so , ’ tis an ill turn , and well deserves to bring double evil on those who have projected it . ” if that should come to the ears of the king ; and as the wound is very serious , seeing that after crossing the shoulder it penetrates into the chest , it is to be <unk> ” to land , after crossing himself repeatedly ; and the people in the ferryboat guided	166.1460723876953
themselves as well as they were able toward the bank , with the aid of a pole which chanced to be in the boat . fears nothing , that he counts on nothing , he will restore monsieur de mazarin to your majesty without conditions . i was so weak that every time i fainted i thanked god , for i thought i was about to die . to help , and as she appeared to be oppressed by her clothes , he ripped them open with his poniard , and in so doing laid bare her shoulder . her hand , closing her eyes , and leaning with the other upon estafania , for she felt that her strength was about to fail her . damp forehead	147.01663208007812
and the king slid off his bed , saying , “ let us go . ” a wish and have charged me with its <unk> , have i ever replied , ‘ it is impossible ’ ? ” the table ; then opening it took out a little golden box , the top of which flew open when touched by a secret spring . found for the searching . villefort approached . full of splendid pride and manly intrepidity , placed in anne ’ s hands , in a bundle , the papers that he had one by one won from her with so much difficulty . consequence ; i always have one ready , day and night . ” of my coachman , my carriage , and	130.31593322753906
my servants . ” fatal and sanguinary intention to destroy that son of whom m. de morcerf was so proud ? embraced his ward , he passed him into the <unk> arms of porthos , who lifted him up from the ground and held him a moment suspended near the noble heart of the formidable giant . , innocence , and love , the three ingredients of the happiness of angels , and now what am i ? ” what caused the count ’ s voice to <unk> so deeply , and what made his eye flash , which was in general so clear , lustrous , and <unk> when he pleased . ? me , who could offer millions to that poor woman , but who return	147.36082458496094
her only the piece of black bread forgotten under my poor roof since the day i was torn from her i loved . excellency is satisfied , it is all that i could wish . exclaimed , as though a <unk> iron were piercing his heart . paris , the count of monte cristo ; in italy , sinbad the sailor ; in malta , i forget what . grotto must penetrate deeper into the island ; he examined the stones , and sounded one part of the wall where he fancied the opening existed , masked for precaution ’ s sake . ” presented itself to my view as i quitted my father after that last kiss . very words ; and if the marquis chooses to	156.8180389404297
be candid , he will confess that they perfectly agree with what his majesty said to him , when he went six months ago to consult him upon the subject of your <unk> his daughter . ” yesterday , d ’ artagnan , ” said he , “ i can tell that by my tongue , which was swollen and hot this morning , and by my pulse , which was very tremulous . prepared for the king and another for monsieur . . ” . four are at your service . ” ? ” louise , “ i admire you , and i could almost say respect you. ” the laundress looked on in astonishment , but as she had been promised twenty louis , she made	86.7293930053711
no remark . . the other day smile on the duke of orleans ? ? ” they asked . by a <unk> , who had lost sight of me near the tavern ; feeling certain that i intended to pass the night there , he had returned to summon his comrades , who just arrived in time to hear the report of the pistol , and to take me in the midst of such circumstantial proofs of my guilt as rendered all hopes of proving my innocence utterly futile . tenderness of milady ; he almost believed in the crime of de wardes . a long time , i said ; you ought , then , to have a good hand . ” same <unk> fearful revelations of	117.59048461914062
the three last days had crushed him . <unk> in their horses ’ <unk> , who thus vigorously stimulated recovered their energies . of the person who rang at the gate , and demanded if it was not at no . valentine in a mournful tone , “ do let me see this man , maximilian ; he may tell me whether i shall ever be loved sufficiently to make amends for all i have suffered . ” <unk> on the first <unk> seems to have been fitted up entirely afresh . ” us more severely when they come suddenly . ” , and very impatiently , i acknowledge . ” exclaimed a voice on the stairs ; “ monsieur morrel ! ” was in the courtyard ,	106.7741928100586
moving stealthily . king may change his mind in an hour ; and at all events it is more difficult to replace a man in the fort l ’ evêque or the bastille who has got out , than to keep a prisoner there who is in . ” them who had condemned me , they kept their word . fifty men and attempted to go out by the pont du louvre , but there he met rochefort and his fifty horsemen , attended by more than five hundred men . , without a cloud on his face without weariness or <unk> ; his eyes were fixed on those of athos and perhaps he comprehended all that passed in the heart of the man who was awaiting his	153.17022705078125
awakening as a lover awaits the awakening of his mistress , for his glance , in return , had all the tenderness of love . suspended over the abyss by a ladder of <unk> . for grimaud . ” cushions of silver cloth brought there , and as he <unk> his chibouque , see all paris pass before him . ” dantès advanced with outstretched hands until he touched the wall ; he then sat down in the corner until his eyes became accustomed to the darkness . who led the column , turned to the left . , and let us drink . appointed a meeting with the procurator ’ s wife in the cloister of st. <unk> . navigation saw plainly that if any accident had	169.39102172851562
occurred , it was not to the vessel herself , for she bore down with all the evidence of being skilfully handled , the anchor <unk> , the <unk> <unk> already <unk> off , and standing by the side of the pilot , who was <unk> the _pharaon_ towards the narrow entrance of the inner port , was a young man , who , with activity and vigilant eye , watched every motion of the ship , and repeated each direction of the pilot . provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund . mousqueton , who freely distributed the trusses at the rate of a louis apiece . ” yet ready to receive it . ” then	156.64532470703125
; they do not concern me . , paris . ” he tore open the letter , in spite of the cry which kitty uttered on seeing what he was going to do , or rather , what he was doing . following him , and dantès did not oppose this , fearing if he did so that he might incur distrust . exclaimed renée , turning pale . will do capitally . ” . , m. bertuccio ? ” said he . friend ? ” said he , in as pure french as has ever been uttered between rouen and tours . if you have forgotten the history of <unk> , i , at least , remember it . ” the abbé in his , and affectionately	85.83836364746094
pressed it . , ” asked franz , “ is not some execution appointed to take place today ? ” , rue coq-héron , paris. ” _ had a thunderbolt fallen into the room , villefort could not have been more stupefied . he , when franz had concluded , “ what do you find to object to in all you have related ? were intimate , maximilian ? ” i was in utter darkness . ” cried d ’ artagnan . no hurry . and monsieur and i will strive our best to forget your absence , ” replied the countess , with the same tone of deep feeling . documents , an indefinable expression of pleasure lighted up his countenance , and looking at the major	108.97923278808594
with a most peculiar smile , he said , in very excellent tuscan : tenderly , half ironically . i beg your pardon ! ” exclaimed raoul , ashamed of so much attention ; “ in an instant i shall be dressed . ” young man who seeks and wishes to speak to you , ’ said the sentinel . by what she had just said , saw nothing in this woman whom an instant before she had believed her rival but a sincere and devoted friend . service . ” and <unk> as a model of it . in that house . in a foreign land , an enemy ’ s country ? ” the citizen , “ well , monsieur , my wife was abducted yesterday	107.3563461303711
morning , as she was coming out of her <unk> . ” again cleaving the azure sea which had been the first horizon of his youth , and which he had so often dreamed of in prison . to you my grandfather ’ s thoughts , so as to put an end to all your doubts and fears on the subject . ! ” its height . to accuse you of weakness before god ? ” emptying sadly a bottle of the famous spanish wine he had brought back with him from his journey into picardy . no anxiety . but i like mine as well . ” secretaire ? ” asked valentine . a very long time , john , ” said he . french stock-jobbing .	114.23735809326172
? ” asked the king . disturbed , ” cried the host ; “ here are two english gentlemen just arrived . ” day for day , since dantès ’ arrest . ? ” asked monte cristo . you all . order and for the good of the state that the bearer of this has done what he has done . , i was able for one instant to be alone with you . the door , madame , and i must be in rome in five days . ” least hesitation , but rather with alacrity , and , mounting the steps at a bound , entered the hotel ; five seconds afterwards he was at the door of the room . do you think the king	68.69066619873047
will be condemned ? ” asked athos . us and his generals are the duke of orleans and the prince de condé , although i must add ’ tis almost impossible now to know to which party any one belongs . ” don ’ t be uneasy about that . ” ” devil did you find out that ? ” arms to mme . know about the state you talk of ? ” said mme . ; he has revenged himself and has done well . the chamber destined for him , and which , at the end of half an hour , was transformed into a <unk> . edmond . me tremble ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . replied the abbé ; “ with the addition	71.96694946289062
of an equal division of that part intended for the elder dantès , which i believe myself at liberty to divide equally with the four <unk> . ” ” said a voice , which athos recognized as that of aramis . ” cried the king , “ what can i say to you ? resource , but let us not employ it till it is <unk> called for ; let us rather persevere in our researches . ” , the trip had been sufficiently successful to satisfy all concerned ; while the crew , and particularly jacopo , expressed great regrets that dantès had not been an equal <unk> with themselves in the profits , which amounted to no less a sum than fifty piastres each . de	156.6456298828125
villefort , ” said monte cristo , fixing his eyes on madame de villefort ; “ and if i were sufficiently intimate with him to allow of giving my advice , i would persuade him , since i have been told m. d ’ épinay is coming back , to settle this affair at once beyond all possibility of <unk> . quixote of eighteen ; a don quixote without his <unk> , without his coat of mail , without his <unk> ; a don quixote clothed in a <unk> doublet , the blue color of which had faded into a <unk> shade between lees of wine and a heavenly azure ; face long and brown ; high cheek bones , a sign of sagacity ; the <unk> muscles	174.43637084960938
enormously developed , an infallible sign by which a gascon may always be detected , even without his <unk> our young man wore a cap set off with a sort of feather ; the eye open and intelligent ; the nose hooked , but finely <unk> . unhappy as not to believe in him until now , ” said monte cristo , “ i must believe on seeing you . ” , my mother , ” replied the young man , advancing into the room until he was face to face with lord de winter , and crossing his arms . fair women . few steps , and , with a fervent prayer of gratitude , stretched himself on the granite , which seemed to him softer than	134.8730010986328
down . crimes by exaggeration . ” said villefort , “ be so kind , i beseech you , as to accompany this gentleman . hundred thousand francs , and that would teach her prudence . ” on a camp bed , dressed in his black doublet , booted , <unk> , with his felt hat beside him , lay the king , overcome by sleep and fatigue . paris ? ” asked athos , quickly . he said that on his way to the funeral he had met monte cristo , who was directing his steps towards the rue de la chaussée d ’ antin , to m. danglars ’ . that signified , “ i do not <unk> ” the notary looked at the count with	82.35301208496094
astonishment . man with the black doublet and the short hair , who was with me just now , is still in the palace . ” an order , conceived in these terms : . in front of her and studied her with so much care might have been twenty-five or twenty-six years of age . ” replied henrietta , “ the queen will not say yes when the cardinal says no . ” exclaimed athos . next time we meet , ” cried chatillon , and he set off , full gallop . bank-notes , felt them , counted them , turned pale , then red , then rushed into his room to drink a glass of water , but he had no time to reach the	104.59013366699219
<unk> , and fainted in the midst of his dried herbs . lord ? ” ? ” ” said the major , “ you know i have only the 2,000 francs which the abbé busoni sent me ; this sum i have expended upon travelling expenses , and—— ” in her attendance on her mother and sought by her filial attentions to make her forget the absence of her two sons and her other daughter . injury sustained by comminges ? ” by repeating the same thing , i will not bring you any more to eat . ” was of iron ; dantès would have given ten years of his life in exchange for it . which i now owe you , ” said monte cristo .	138.28634643554688
good , and compassionate being i have met with ! <unk> thirst for knowledge would have had pity on seeing the steward ’ s extraordinary repugnance for the count ’ s projected drive without the walls ; but the count was too curious to let bertuccio off from this little journey . a spy would be about here ? , my lord . ” , nor good stomachs their appetites . days i heard him walking about as usual , but , on the fourth i heard nothing . on me , ” exclaimed de winter ; “ you wring my heart ! ” had anything to do with this matter . represent ? ” a quaker , with the exception of the peculiar dress . ” and	127.2082748413086
cries of pain began to be heard in the crowd . from internal emotion , and without having done anything wrong , yet fully comprehended that luigi was right in reproaching her . myself in the enemy ’ s ranks . ” porthos . no , your excellency ! athos , ” said d ’ artagnan . reappear , bringing with it all those <unk> remembrances , which are like perfumes more than thoughts . more . his companion , he sat down , drew out his opera-glass , and looked another way . his hands , placed his elbows on the table and looked at d ’ artagnan with an expression of confidence which imparted to that colossus an admirable appearance of <unk> . passed through the	102.16213989257812
faubourg du temple , then leaving the exterior boulevards , it reached the cemetery . ” said , “ you are not the same here as in paris . ” to the royal guards and the swiss guards , not only to stand firm , but to send out patrols to the streets of saint denis and saint martin , where the people thronged and where they were the most vociferous , when the mayor of paris was announced at the palais royal . ! of my mother , count ; look at her , <unk> beautiful , witty , more charming than ever . the englishman , laughing , “ i am like my house , and do not do such <unk> , the commission i ask	110.99943542480469
is quite different . ” you , but you will be duly acquainted with the reasons that have rendered such a step necessary at the preliminary examination . ” it is her majesty ’ s . ” , and i never shall forget the old man ’ s smile at this prescription . slight cloud of smoke was seen at the stern of the vessel , which rose gracefully as it expanded in the air , and then franz heard a slight report . morrel . of what has become of your wife since her flight . ” somehow , you will see . ” villefort , “ he had put it in the foundling hospital . ” an angel ! ” very <unk> ; but never mind	95.43354797363281
, i will put up with it for the sake of remaining with you . ” duke ? ” , ” continued athos , with some hesitation , “ he broke his thigh . ” both have died . , without doubt , ” said d ’ artagnan . , ” replied comminges ; “ the queen will ultimately decide your place of domicile . ” , father , that woman , under that angelic appearance , had an infernal soul , and when i saw her , when i recalled all the evil she had done to me—— ” corridor ; milady recognized the step of lord de winter . tremblingly that she resumed her lover ’ s arm . planchet , and sleep soundly . ”	88.05856323242188
by the <unk> sun , advanced , twirling the remains of a hat between his hands . watch over your future destiny , morrel , to pray sometimes for a man , who , like satan , thought himself for an instant equal to god , but who now acknowledges with christian humility that god alone possesses supreme power and infinite wisdom . ” added caderousse , “ as fast as i could to have the pleasure of shaking hands with a friend . ” it spoken of , but i did not know the details , and then no one can be more ignorant than i am of the affairs in the bourse . ” your thousand francs ? ” us ? ” asked aramis . permission	131.34396362304688
, i shall do myself the honor of paying my respects in the course of the evening . ” aramis , “ but that fellow is a <unk> ; and ask the uncle whether i was wrong to rid him of his dear nephew . ” have seen a young man pass , fifteen years of age , mounted on a chestnut horse and followed by a groom ? ” , then , ” said d ’ artagnan . , conducted him to the top of the tower , and when there pointed to a little door , placed the light which he had brought with him in a corner of the wall , that the coadjutor might be able to find it on his return , and	50.010684967041016
went down again . girl ; you have outraged , defiled her . lilliers you will send me your chaise , with an order to your servant to place himself at my disposal . ” but her usual pallor had increased ; her eyes were more brilliant than ever , and her hands , which were generally white like <unk> , now more resembled wax , to which time was adding a yellowish hue . this pretended duchess is ? scabbard , he rushed out of the apartment . the thames . followed the queen . ” asked the count . ” cried planchet , as soon as he perceived his master , “ here is more trouble . mademoiselle danglars bent her head slightly . ” count	134.174072265625
of monte cristo is an intimate acquaintance of lord wilmore , a rich foreigner , who is sometimes seen in paris and who is there at this moment ; he is also known to the abbé busoni , a sicilian priest , of high <unk> in the east , where he has done much good . ” was twisting his mustache ; aramis was saying his prayers in a charming little book of hours , bound in blue velvet . margotin , ” cried he , speaking to the dog , “ will you be quiet ? ravaillac or of jacques clément ever known ? ” age beamed an ardent mind , not of the woman , but of the poet . tyrant , for power <unk> tyranny	182.93994140625
, serve , love , respect royalty , that divine right , that celestial spark which makes this dust still powerful and holy , so that <unk> , nevertheless , of rank and <unk> as nothing in comparison with the cold corpse there extended . ” do you pretend that all this has been unobserved at the minister ’ s ? ” said beauchamp , placing his eye-glass in his eye , where he tried to make it remain . wretched house had presented the gloomy appearance of a <unk> infected with the plague . d ’ artagnan , rising and brushing his knees ; “ now i have <unk> art a frondeur and the lover of madame de longueville . ” have always loved you as my	139.96273803710938
son ; porthos , we slept six years side by side ; aramis is your brother as well as mine , and aramis has once loved you , as i love you now and as i have ever loved you . message from the prince de condé ; he went to meet him at saint cloud and has not returned . ” o ’ clock , and the other for eight ; there will be time for both . ” moment when he should hear valentine say , “ here i am , maximilian ; come and help me. ” he had arranged everything for her escape ; two ladders were hidden in the clover-field ; a cabriolet was ordered for maximilian alone , without a servant ,	120.1363296508789
without lights ; at the turning of the first street they would light the lamps , as it would be foolish to attract the notice of the police by too many precautions . acquaintance , received the traveller at the door , hat in hand . of the garden , where she was attentively watching penelon , who , entering with zeal into his profession of gardener , was very busy grafting some bengal roses . to complain of ? ” said the governor to the jailer who had charge of the abbé . , that duel with the englishman in the inclosure des carmes ? eve of it . officer thus walk away , followed by two guards , amused himself by pursuing them and did this	224.5836944580078
so much the more gladly as the ceremony ended at that instant and the king remounted his carriage . carried out the grave-diggers should discover that they were bearing a live instead of a dead body , dantès did not intend to give them time to recognize him , but with a sudden cut of the knife , he meant to open the sack from top to bottom , and , <unk> by their alarm , escape ; if they tried to catch him , he would use his knife to better purpose . this <unk> from gascony was a well of wisdom , ” murmured athos ; and the travelers continued their route . his lips again moved . she was the daughter of a simple fisherman	181.47665405273438
, beautiful but <unk> . ” ; it is not a law , but merely a custom , and , i pray of you , do not <unk> this custom in your favor . to tours and believed to be in that city , had come to paris , remained there five days , and <unk> the <unk> king flew into a furious passion . the doctor , after a moment ’ s silence , “ i will wait . ” the old man , by closing his eyes ; but his appearance manifested increasing uneasiness . said the count . the corsican <unk> . ’ with delight , an offer made to him by his friend the steward of the duc de grammont , to give him	75.74190521240234
a substitute ; he also spoke of it to monsieur de chavigny , who promised that he would not oppose it in any <unk> is , if he approved of the person proposed . saw him pass in his new uniform and on his fine horse . however , though “ man proposes , ” yet “ money disposes. ” from some such difficulty the newly named street died almost in birth , and the purchaser of the kitchen-garden , having paid a high price for it , and being quite unable to find anyone willing to take his bargain off his hands without a considerable loss , yet still clinging to the belief that at some future day he should obtain a sum for it that would	240.064453125
repay him , not only for his past outlay , but also the interest upon the capital locked up in his new acquisition , contented himself with letting the ground temporarily to some <unk> , at a yearly <unk> of 500 francs . steps , which were heard on the gravel . d ’ artagnan ; “ i regret to see that we , hitherto united , are opposed to each other . <unk> retreat . i work i forget everything . ” they tired out their executioners , but i did not believe them so strong against their lovers ! ’ we can kill <unk> he will be hard to kill , that <unk> will shriek out and the whole picket will come , and we shall	176.3154296875
be taken like <unk> , we , who are lions , and thrown into some dungeon , where we shall not even have the consolation of seeing this frightful gray sky of rueil , which no more resembles the sky of tarbes than the moon is like the sun . liberty ? ” said the cardinal . can live well to the end of the month . ” t ! , ” said d ’ artagnan , turning to mordaunt . gravity of this event , for the moment after morrel had entered his private office with cocles , julie saw the latter leave it pale , trembling , and his features betraying the utmost consternation . gascon , ’ said i , ‘ only when i <unk>	122.42620849609375
’ the answer pleased him and he laughed . of infamy . ” said athos and aramis . better days . ” said d ’ artagnan to athos , “ you had a triumphant idea ! and he loves them by clasping his arms round them . ” several seconds . he asks if i love him . , ali placed himself before it , while a crowd of spectators assembled round the nubian . mme . cabbage with arsenic , he had watered it this time with a <unk> of salts , having their basis in strychnine , <unk> <unk> , as the learned term it . anything alone , ” said d ’ artagnan , shaking his head . effect that he who wrote them could	126.96884155273438
expect , in that they induced a great number of the inhabitants to open private negotiations with the royal army . <unk> road is bordered by trees on both sides . ’ placed than i am that god has laid this responsibility . ” had extracted three boards . a few moments , concluded that a man so rich could not have any intention of <unk> him of what little he had , and seeing only the prospect of a good supper , accepted . more steps , and then dantès felt that they took him , one by the head and the other by the heels , and swung him to and fro . the minister renders your authority great on the subject of political news ;	257.1112976074219
you never open your mouth but the stockbrokers immediately <unk> your words . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i admit even that in my darkest moments i find consolation in that remembrance . ” be exceeded in generosity . but four years old when one night i was suddenly awakened by my mother . be mustered into the royal marines when he fell . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i beg to introduce to you your brother , who is arrived from flanders and whom i am going to take into my service . ” blame for having tried every means to <unk> it , ” said planchet . and should we meet with one of your patrol we must defend ourselves .	104.05036163330078
” it was following so singularly in the train of the two similar misfortunes which had so recently occurred , evidently astonished the auditors , and they retired without a word . cried ; “ i should be more than glad ! submissive and respectful subjects . trouble by what has taken place . ” of yanina ; she snatched me from the cushions on which i was sleeping , and on opening my eyes i saw hers filled with tears . queen , who <unk> mazarin to make him say something in his turn . also , winter ? ” inquired the king . , ” exclaimed d ’ avrigny . from her husband , you have assassinated her ; my name would have secured me the	108.93215942382812
paternal estate , you have deprived me of it ; you have despoiled me of my fortune . the duke believed ; but sleep is a capricious fairy , and it is precisely when one invokes her presence that she is most likely to keep him waiting . as the critical moment approached . porthos ; “ what ’ s the matter now ? a man of genius , as i thought , he is a man of no <unk> a servant of cardinal bentivoglio , and he got on by intrigue . ’ artagnan , “ there are two of them , then ! ” , and villefort heard someone speak his name . said morrel , when he had finished the first part of his recital	92.72943878173828
, “ now i have told you of my love and my hopes , may i inform you of my intentions ? ” , tell me , have you the slightest idea whence this terrible blow proceeds ? ” , and follow his example ; he is well-behaved ! ” ’ s turn , who performed it with a good grace and who <unk> he said , by selling some theological <unk> procuring a few pistoles . was but twenty years old , and consequently had not yet forgotten his <unk> habits . ’ s movement , heard the sound of the click , and stopped at once . porthos , “ i see him . mercédès with a supplicating glance , “ there is a beautiful arabian	101.97830963134766
custom , which makes eternal friends of those who have together eaten bread and salt under the same roof . ” bill and <unk> my servant . ” under the trees , followed by the tutor , and the young men were laughing and talking about a hundred yards off . turned pale . will not carry your antipathy so far as to deprive me of the pleasure of your company , sir , ” said monte cristo . aramis , “ if you admit divine justice and its participation in the things of this world , that woman was punished by the will of heaven . woman did not prevent milady from thinking . ; apprised by beauchamp of the circumstances , he required no explanation from	123.28907775878906
albert . the honors of the sack . ” ? ” interrupted mme . , ” continued felton , in a voice that became more sharp and rough , “ that your grace knows that it is to milady de winter this relates . ” ’ s valet , supported his good fortune nobly . will both charge together , force the enemy ’ s line and throw ourselves into the tyne , which we must cross , either by fording or swimming ; if , on the contrary , any <unk> should take place , you and your men must fight to the last man , whilst we and the king proceed on our road . delay , ” said athos ; “ our servants ? ”	123.20045471191406
it is your opinion , ” said anne of austria , with a sneer and biting her lips with rage , “ that yesterday ’ s riot , which to-day is already a rebellion , to-morrow may become a revolution ? ” . ” of ironical laughter resounded through the corridor . ” said villefort , raising his arms to heaven with a threatening gesture . . ” say , ” continued she , excited by her own words , “ rather than give up this infamous broussel to them i will strangle him with my own hands ! ” god ! ” said she , “ thou knowest in what holy cause i suffer ; give me , then , strength to suffer . ” must .	99.39957427978516
” carriage without seeming to recognize the musketeer . i see . sight of the wretched pony did not excite numerous smiles on the countenances of passers-by ; but as against the side of this pony rattled a sword of respectable length , and as over this sword gleamed an eye rather ferocious than haughty , these passers-by repressed their hilarity , or if hilarity prevailed over prudence , they endeavored to laugh only on one side , like the masks of the ancients . being , you are not pleased to see an old friend ? doubted ; the family name was fully given . to do so , ” smiled the spaniard . ” an effort ; i attempted to cry out . ” exclaimed mazarin	218.69981384277344
, “ what ’ s the matter ? our breakfast comes from my father ’ s kitchen . themselves in a little harbor , formed in a natural creek ; the boat <unk> on the fine sand . he , “ i will swim on until i am worn out , or the <unk> seizes me , and then i shall sink ; ” and he struck out with the energy of despair . know it ? ” asked milady , seizing both his hands , and endeavoring to read with her eyes to the bottom of his heart . . two princesses , and bowing to de winter , departed . upon his chest , apparently overwhelmed and thoughtful ; then he closed one eye , in	88.38800048828125
token of inquiry . coping , and drawing up his ladder passed it over the wall ; then he began to descend , or rather to <unk> down by the two <unk> , which he did with an ease which proved how accustomed he was to the exercise . man ! ” cried the jesuit . else , as the horse which paws the ground is mine , and the other horse , which is <unk> , belongs to athos . ” , madame , ” replied villefort , “ to add my earnest request to mademoiselle de saint-méran ’ s , that you will kindly allow the veil of <unk> to cover and conceal the past . anyone ? ” the fatal spot without stopping . gascon	104.51026916503906
’ s <unk> to hide his deep cunning occasionally under an appearance of rough loyalty . than add to my destruction , rather than add to my ignominy ! ” must try to take him alive . valentine ; “ adieu , my sweet <unk> , my sister ! ” see what is to be derived from this gloss . know all this ? ” athos all that had passed at the church between porthos and the procurator ’ s wife , and how their comrade was probably by that time in a fair way to be equipped . travelling , and , being rich , possesses a vessel of his own . was put at the head of this sudden and new business . his entrance at	116.95947265625
court , receiving ample reparation for the wrongs he had suffered , and all the honor due to his rank . by this great and unexpected calamity that he could scarcely <unk> a few words as he looked around on the assembly . rose to take leave : ; i think i have seen him three times in my life ; all i know relating to him is through busoni and himself . been covered with an elegant supper , was overturned . be here ? ” with the order they had received , they bowed their heads in sign of assent . ” , remove the <unk> ” and d ’ artagnan pushed the <unk> mercer among the guards , saying to him , “ you are	127.30001831054688
a shabby old fellow , my dear . he looked alternately at the window with red curtains and the three windows with white curtains . ” said he ; “ she has spoken to them . you please , my good woman , ” replied andrea . point of free will which is a mortal rock . sigh of satisfaction and paused , as if he had partially appeased his hunger . said i , ‘ for my liberty is your dishonor . ’ ? ” , bought over by the enemies of your <unk> ” appeared . la ramee to sit down to table , the guards to go and drink , the duke to escape . ribs , ” said the commander , in a low	91.9648666381836
voice . the inspector , “ who can live here ? ” him , of course . , having no straw to lie upon , had helped himself to that of the horses . it be necessary to reassure you , ” answered the minister , and mazarin , who was delighted to get off so cheaply , led the way , in high spirits , to the corridor and opened the door . was in his element ; and , unwilling to interfere with the pleasure he so evidently felt , took up albert ’ s glass , and began in his turn to survey the audience . ; twenty francs are not to be despised . , or was he face to face with reality ?	99.5511245727539
sir , of those desperate looking men who were drinking in the inn where we rested . ” god , or of the church , i don ’ t know which . had noticed all . your titles after the example set you by messrs. de montmorency and <unk> ? a regiment , athos ? other , not understanding this assurance of athos . must live somehow , ” returned the other , smiling <unk> . as a fisherman , might get a place as clerk in a warehouse , and become in time a dealer myself . ” come to arrest me . of his subordinates , and amongst them dantès ’ jailer . aghast under the weight of such an idea . , but , after	177.79769897460938
having gnawed the flower stalk , he began to bite his nails . thousand five hundred francs , ” repeated he . they were astounded to see the threatening aspect of the capital . by a ball . raoul , ” said athos . objections you have raised , and the explanations you have demanded , which certainly must have some motive . ” the young man , looking alternately at madame morrel and her daughter , “ what has <unk> has happened ? massive door , which after the introduction into the lock of a key which the young man carried with him , turned heavily upon its hinges , and disclosed the chamber destined for milady . was indeed a highly favored prince . letter ,	125.73680114746094
touched his hat with his hand , turned round upon his heel like a <unk> , and a moment afterward was heard , in his dry and monotonous tone , commanding “ four men and an escort , a carriage and a <unk> ” five minutes afterward the wheels of the carriage and the horses ’ shoes were heard resounding on the pavement of the courtyard . and groslow , having won some hundred pistoles , was in the <unk> possible humor . , you shall judge of it yourself and at once. ’ ‘ i can not , ’ i replied ; ‘ it is absolutely necessary for me to return to the <unk> ’ ‘ very well , ’ said he , ‘ go and attend	124.67255401611328
to your affairs , since you seem to be in a hurry , but come back in half an <unk> ’ ‘ in half an hour ? ’ ‘ yes , have you breakfasted ? ’ ‘ faith , no. ’ ‘ well , here is a pate that will be ready for you , with a bottle of old <unk> ’ so , you see , my lord , since i am hungry , i would , with your highness ’ s <unk> ” and la ramee bent low . travelling companion of the viscount ? ” they murdered him. ” valentine could not help casting one glance towards the young man , whose filial enthusiasm it was delightful to behold . that if in <unk> your	147.40721130371094
chapel <unk> you forget how to <unk> up my sword , i will make a great fire of your blessed images and will see that you are roasted on it . ” dessert ; keep me some strawberries , coffee , and cigars . stranger , m. morrel closed the ledger , arose , and offered a seat to the stranger ; and when he had seen him seated , resumed his own chair . the man sobbing in the <unk> . ? ” the exclamation of joy he uttered was mistaken for a sigh . wife , i hope ! ” , i am <unk> father , faithful to his principles , having made my elder brother a huguenot . ” , rochefort would be back ;	127.3962631225586
besides , during that fifteen days she would have time to think how she could best avenge herself on the four friends . i am certain he will do so . nobody opposed , he resumed a little courage , and ventured to draw up one leg and then the other . also ; only he has remained asleep , while you have awakened ; and who knows which of you is the most fortunate ? ” gentlemen ! dear love , adieu ! ” . so late , or he would have remained ; he put his head out and asked the postilion how long it would be before they reached the next town . ” said his <unk> . some pledge of your indulgence , some	166.69998168945312
object which came from you , and may remind me that i have not been dreaming ; something you have worn , and that i may wear in my <unk> ring , a <unk> , a chain . ” , morrel , lest i call you ungrateful . ” , ” he said , “ and remove the pistols which are in the holsters . consequences of the murder ; they see neither the police commissary with his badge of office , nor the corporal with his four men ; and so the poor fools believe that the whole thing is as easy as lying . , ” said the cardinal . although past the first bloom of youth , was still strikingly handsome ) was now seated	139.38648986816406
at the piano , a most <unk> piece of cabinet and inlaid work , while lucien debray , standing before a small <unk> , was turning over the pages of an album . happy , which seemed to astonish the persons who surrounded her and who were accustomed to see her almost always sad and full of care . whole of <unk> , <unk> , plutarch , <unk> <unk> , <unk> , strada , <unk> , dante , <unk> , shakespeare , <unk> , machiavelli , and bossuet . awaking , the count perceived raoul by his bedside . the count of monte cristo unlimited credit on our house . ” of <unk> had ended ; cæsar borgia , who had completed his conquest , had need of	131.18304443359375
money to purchase all italy . his name , i know nothing about it ; but if i were ever to meet him , i should recognize him in an instant , i will answer for it , were he among a thousand persons . ” ” believe , would give the world to prevent my success . ” me , if i tell all i know , to relate , in your turn , all that i do not know ? ” that you ought not to fight , i only say that a duel is a serious thing , and ought not to be undertaken without due reflection . ” man ’ s caprice ! ” he would listen . were turning blue . every poniard	72.44567108154297
! across m. de boville ’ s countenance , yet he made an effort at self-control , and said : ; if valentine is not now dead , she will not die . ” and my ideas , ‘ why , ’ said i , ‘ should that man have carried away the corpse ? ’ ” monte cristo to let things die away of their own accord . of prisoners that were being taken into the town , mordaunt turned his steps toward the rising ground from whence cromwell had witnessed the battle and on which he had just had his tent pitched . it , ” continued aramis , “ but the cleverest , the bravest , the most devoted of us four said to me	139.38137817382812
when i left him , ‘ tell the king that to-morrow at ten o ’ clock at night , we shall carry him <unk> ’ he has said it and will do it . ” i assure you . ’ d ’ artagnan ; “ we must look about us ; he ’ s going to play us a trick . ” we left england , ignorant of the state of politics here , having left paris before the departure of the king . ” tréville judged that he had not to deal with a fool , and changing the conversation , came straight to the point . it was not long before the cardinal came down . without speaking a word . , and really recognized his	81.69347381591797
dungeon . to return home and wait for news . to suppose you would allow such a thing to pass you . ” for you . ” d ’ artagnan , “ you must excuse famished travelers . , i think , to act toward a queen so illustrious as your majesty as we should act toward a woman of our <unk> condition . my physician , and i have the greatest confidence in him , because he knows everything . ” blown his brains out , ” replied monte cristo with great coolness . to a relation of yours , then ? ” demanded the journalist . . to obey the call . the hand and led him into the drawing-room , where there were several people	79.7841567993164
. have hidden a thought ; but not a step , not an action , not a fault , has escaped me , while you flattered yourself upon your address , and firmly believed you had deceived me . those whom you know , and you will see if they are my friends . ” be given to someone who has done nothing to deserve it , ” said beauchamp ; “ that is the way the academy mostly escapes from the dilemma . ” yet of the conspiracy , monsieur ; all the papers found have been sealed up and placed on your desk . a single word . ’ artagnan . ” thunderstruck ; a paleness ran like a cloud over his dark skin , but	110.17843627929688
disappeared immediately . have you learned all this ? ” inquired villefort , in astonishment . an intrigue between her and m. de wardes , our presumptuous hero gave but little heed to that , although the marquis was young , handsome , rich , and high in the cardinal ’ s favor . clock has just struck , m. bertuccio , ” said the count severely ; “ i ordered dinner at that hour , and i do not like to wait ; ” and he returned to his guests , while bertuccio , leaning against the wall , succeeded in reaching the dining-room . for the coast of the duchy of lucca , and consisted almost entirely of havana cigars , sherry , and malaga wines	140.39105224609375
. the air ; how lovely the blue heavens and <unk> sky ! raised his head , and the forms of two persons became visible to the old man ’ s eyes . to ourselves for our own <unk> , but not speak of it . ” patrimony will go to endow charitable institutions , and my father will have deprived me of my lawful inheritance without any reason for doing so , but i shall have the satisfaction of knowing that i have acted like a man of sense and feeling . at being surprised in the midst of wine , cards , and dice . , felton saw it , and started as if its light had revealed the abysses of this woman ’ s heart	124.69853973388672
. vow was fulfilled . , but porthos held him tight and passed him to d ’ artagnan , who seized him by the neck and made him sit down by him ; then in a menacing tone , he said : bastille , there is no afterward ! ” said the cardinal , in a low voice . , ” exclaimed he , “ forgive me if i have offended you , and forget the words i spoke if they have unwittingly caused you pain . ” the neck of his horse , in order that he might see without being seen . seem , my dear count , that you can at pleasure enjoy the <unk> strains that proceed from the seven <unk> of paradise ?	82.40800476074219
” story to tell me , porthos ! do yourselves injustice ; but i am here to do you justice . with the same funereal pomp , was brought to m. de villefort ’ s door , and the coffin removed into it from the <unk> . for reality was but a dream ; but it was a dream so soft , so voluptuous , so enthralling , that they sold themselves body and soul to him who gave it to them , and obedient to his orders as to those of a deity , struck down the designated victim , died in torture without a murmur , believing that the death they underwent was but a quick transition to that life of delights of which the holy	187.18905639648438
herb , now before you , had given them a slight <unk> . ” from a friend . ” anxiety . , ” replied caderousse ; “ though once , i confess , i envied him his good fortune . good-morning to you , monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” he said ; “ nevertheless , i have remarked you . you my sincere congratulations , ” replied madame de villefort . , gave him an order in a low voice , and peppino went away , taking with him a torch , brought with them in the carriage . ? ” aid to king charles and they performed prodigies to save him ; had it not been for an adverse destiny , that beloved monarch would this	99.81478118896484
day have been among us . ” his age , alexander , cæsar , and napoleon , who have all made some noise in the world , were quite behind him . ” indictment , revised as we know , by the clever and implacable pen of villefort . ” continued aramis , “ was my first opinion ; but as i am very ignorant in matters of this kind and as the humility which i profess obliges me not to rest on my own judgment , but to ask the opinion of others , i have <unk> ! —my friend—— ” , they were placed in the grand saloon , on the <unk> prepared for them . ” , i shall never forget the <unk> look which	117.89820861816406
he cast on me , and the tears of utter despair which chased each other down his lifeless cheeks . and aramis began to cut up fowls , partridges and hams with admirable skill . a carp . ” to be agitated by the threats of lord de winter , she placed herself at the table and ate . advise , then ? ” asked mazarin , trembling . ” said he , “ i believe so . ” o ’ clock in the afternoon , and although the day was brilliant <unk> , we were enveloped in the gloomy darkness of the cavern . then ? ” for a relay , ” said athos . ” clue to your griefs ; the curious suck our tears as	89.81848907470703
flies suck the blood of a wounded hart . ” . ” d ’ artagnan ; “ he has already given me good information and he may do the same again . ” ” said porthos , winking to himself , as a gambler does who laughs at the dupe he is about to pluck . <unk> the shrubs and trees that grow out of the crevices of the rocks . ” . ” cried he , throwing himself on his horse . swear to you . ” <unk> scene was wholly changed ; scaffold , executioners , victims , all had disappeared ; only the people remained , full of noise and excitement . his son ! ” he said ; “ that is a different thing	86.07945251464844
. ” done ? ” will die with you ; that is all i can say to you . ” success of a project which will reflect so much honor on m. de villefort . ” . ” but charitable to inform him . death-bed the crimes of others appear very small in comparison with one ’ s own , ” said the executioner ; and falling back exhausted he closed his eyes . be m. noirtier ’ s reason , ” answered morrel , “ i can readily believe it to be a good one . ” jesting with that which is far dearer to me than life itself ! ” athos ; “ embrace me , my son . ” to visit madame de chevreuse ?	68.93143463134766
” honor as captain of the royal guards . ” not long bear malice with a wife of twenty-three . of all this <unk> am quite sure of it , ” whispered caderousse , who had never taken his eyes off fernand , to danglars . said the count , “ i have still one doubt , —are you weak enough to pride yourself upon your sufferings ? ” during which his prayers were frequent , if not heartfelt . no . by an extraordinary movement . idea , aramis , ” said athos , who felt much deference for the young musketeer . , and the second act of the comedy will not delay its steps after the first . ” directed the assassin ’ s dagger	102.28682708740234
so as to end your career in a moment , has given you this quarter of an hour for repentance . ? up with interfering in the affairs of their countrymen who travel . ” your cousin very handsomely ! ” ” said the duke . the abbé . from the anxiety of its only and true chief , the royal army led a joyous life , neither provisions nor money being wanting in the camp . and aramis quickly appeared in their turn , and the moment the two guardsmen attacked their young companion , drove them back . to , so as to avoid wounding any susceptibility ? , to m. joannes , in the palais royal , arcade pierre , no . you may believe	196.96832275390625
me if you will ; at the end of every month i am tormented by remorse . ” m. danglars , in the same tone in which he would have said , “ oh , well , what do i care ? ” ! my son has also guessed who you are , —he attributes his father ’ s misfortunes to you . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ go and announce to the people through the grating that they are going to be satisfied and that in five minutes they shall not only see the king , but they shall see him in bed ; add that the king sleeps and that the queen begs that they will keep silence , so as not to awaken	81.36399841308594
him . ” monsieur oliver cromwell , general of the army of the english nation . ” his wife , emmanuel , and his daughter all that had occurred ; and a ray of hope , if not of tranquillity , returned to the family . irreproachable , in an age in which soldiers compromised so easily with their religion and their consciences , lovers with the rigorous delicacy of our <unk> , and the poor with god ’ s seventh commandment . an expression so full of grief , that she arrested the departure of the notary . my dear edmond—my <unk> son ! —no ; but i did not expect you ; and joy , the surprise of seeing you so <unk> , i feel as	153.46389770507812
if i were going to die . ” said athos , “ it is not our plan to run anywhere and like madmen , but we must map up our campaign . of the day on which i had been insulted , i hung my cassock on a <unk> , assumed the costume of a cavalier , and went to a ball given by a lady friend of mine and to which i knew my man was invited . the inspector gazed curiously into the chamber of the <unk> <unk> , as the prisoner was usually called . he bowed to her , as some husbands do to their wives , but in a way that <unk> will never comprehend , until a very extensive code is published	127.0453872680664
on conjugal life . but death ? ” choose for thyself ? ” i hold montague in my power ; that montague is in the bastille ; that no letters were found upon him , it is true , but that torture may make him tell much of what he knows , and even what he does not know . ” a good son . ” , i think , no longer doubt my zeal in your behalf . ” he were <unk> is all . ” , as bernajoux was , he had no idea for a moment of concealing the truth ; and he described to the two nobles the affair exactly as it had passed . them here today on your account . ” said	109.85115051269531
the count ; “ i am going to sleep twenty-four hours ; i am just falling down with fatigue . ” did not awaken her , and monte cristo gazed at her with affectionate regret . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ and we place ourselves at your orders . ” in his closet ; milady called , undressed , sent away kitty , and shut the door . i don ’ t insist on answering . ” astonishment , and began laughing and joking about it . , blockhead ? ” artagnan blushed ; in the antechamber he trembled . them , and this person , hearing the rustling of a silk dress , turned around . another trial ; he was to find out whether	89.18408966064453
he could recognize himself , as he had not seen his own face for fourteen years . , and destroyed his theory . due precautions were taken to prevent any attempt at escape . pistoles of aramis . ” was a very serious charge . ” about them , monsieur ? d ’ artagnan . speech the king looked tenderly around upon the people . the door of a cabaret , left bazin with him , who , besides , in a skirmish was more embarrassing than useful , and set forward again in the hope of sleeping at amiens . the dead at the château d ’ if , and imagining they would not expend much labor on the grave of a prisoner , he calculated on	102.87041473388672
raising the earth with his shoulders , but unfortunately their arrangements at the château frustrated his projects . produced a burst of laughter in the great drawing-room ; but he did not appear to notice that he was the object of general attention , but began to arrange , with so much cleverness , nicety and gayety , his straw bed , that the mouths of all these poor creatures , who could not go to sleep , began to water . annoying , ’ said the brigadier ; for the man we are looking for is the chief . ’ off to his post , whistling a tune then popular among the party called the “ fronde , ” whilst mazarin returned , in a pensive mood	230.0397186279297
, toward the palais royal . menacing . of his door , and almost directly an old lady entered , <unk> , carrying her shawl on her arm , and her bonnet in her hand . of lord de winter were heard ; but this time the terrible brother-in-law of milady did not content himself , as on the preceding day , with passing before the door and going away again . difficult . ” delighted with major cavalcanti , had offered him a seat in his carriage . ” , they saw the poor lad lying senseless , with his head split by a blow with a <unk> . the better ; for in that case i shall demand of his majesty permission to plead for him	96.71926879882812
. ” see athos . you a million , because i have it not ; but i will give you a hundred crowns if , the first time you go to marseilles , you will seek out a young girl named mercédès , at the catalans , and give her two lines from me . ” accompanied her ? ” in the world . his sleeve . began to blow upon the housekeeping of the rue des <unk> is to say , when the forty pistoles of king louis xiii . necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition . . ” ! ” assured that the inheritance had neither profited the borgias nor the family , but had remained <unk> like the treasures of the	122.17759704589844
arabian nights , which slept in the bosom of the earth under the eyes of the <unk> . opened his eyes , the count looked at him with a mournful expression of pity , and his lips moved as if in prayer . hangmen ! it was she who had cut off the two studs , and avenge himself for that little treachery ; but buckingham was incapable of going to any excess against a woman , particularly if that woman was supposed to have acted from a feeling of jealousy . seeing the enemy ready to surrender , <unk> toward him with a cry of victory , she rose , beautiful as an antique <unk> , inspired like a christian virgin , her arms extended , her	147.7803497314453
throat uncovered , her hair disheveled , holding with one hand her robe modestly drawn over her breast , her look illumined by that fire which had already created such disorder in the veins of the young puritan , and went toward him , crying out with a vehement air , and in her melodious voice , to which on this occasion she communicated a terrible energy : aramis and athos , “ what ! , d ’ artagnan , though princes often are ungrateful , god never is . ” for her , ” said athos . then , come ! ” cried she , hastening away with the young man . gray head ; torn and filthy garments covered his large bony limbs , which seemed	178.3489532470703
as though , like those of a skeleton , they would rattle as he walked ; and the hand with which he leaned upon the young man ’ s shoulder , and which was the first thing andrea saw , seemed of gigantic size . your excellency , ” said peppino , rising ; “ you still owe me something . ” it is useless , ” stammered m. de villefort in a hoarse voice ; “ no , it is useless ! ” the captain ; “ it is a fire . ” to see you . ” for an instant with uneasiness , as if a fresh thought suggested itself to her mind . across his brow . if you were left alone , and nobody	64.43795776367188
interrupted you . ” to view , —marseilles , white , <unk> , full of life and energy , —marseilles , the younger sister of <unk> and <unk> , the successor to them in the empire of the mediterranean , —marseilles , old , yet always young . ” exclaimed caderousse ; and , not knowing how this strange apparition could have entered when he had bolted the doors , he let fall his bunch of keys , and remained motionless and stupefied . . ” pastrini , ” said franz ; “ but we must have some supper instantly , and a carriage for tomorrow and the following days . ” deny it ! is ended there will be no delay in putting the sentence into execution	146.72137451171875
, ” continued d ’ artagnan . d ’ artagnan , “ i commit the corpse of this poor devil to your care . friend , ” said beauchamp first , who had either the most feeling or the least dissimulation , “ allow me to congratulate you ; this is a very unhoped-for conclusion of a very disagreeable affair . ” within 60 days following each date on which you prepare ( or are legally required to prepare ) your periodic tax returns . ” here athos spoke , “ rest assured , if we were mazarinists we should come well prepared with every sort of passport . that , i have made inquiries respecting the <unk> and <unk> , and my calculations are made . ,	155.9156951904297
and you know that an innkeeper must keep on good terms with the authorities . ” form , so that when her back was turned she still was not unlike the girl who had jumped , with anne of austria , over the moat of the tuileries in <unk> . of their replies could throw any light on the subject , porthos called the host and asked for dice . possibly have over a bandit ? ” providence has warned us , that we may be on our guard . brought the letter ? ” , ” said caderousse , “ are wills ever made without <unk> ? <unk> idea which carries you back to other times , to other <unk> , very likely , have no connection	169.8186798095703
with the present time and place . mistrustful , but you must pardon me , my dear count , for confessing to some degree of astonishment . ” grand to promise anything ; he <unk> only to do all that he could to increase the glory of his name . ” said a mournful voice , whilst a sort of shadow arose out of the side of the road . calling me now . could say , ‘ these two children of a cruel and persecuting king , who have inherited the vices of their father , which i alone could perceive in their juvenile <unk> two children are impediments in my way of promoting the happiness of the english people , whose unhappiness they ( the children	160.27122497558594
) would infallibly have <unk> ’ thus was lady macbeth served by her conscience , when she sought to give her son , and not her husband ( whatever shakespeare may say ) , a throne . the palace with tears and groans , soon became known , and spread itself throughout the city . say , sir ? ” cried morcerf , turning livid with rage . attention , and yet it was easily to be perceived , whatever effort she made to conceal her impressions , that this recital was not agreeable to her . front seat , lay two <unk> of <unk> in front of porthos and the other of d ’ artagnan . the mass of rocks which gave out all the variety of	170.56692504882812
twilight colors , from the brightest pink to the deepest blue ; and from time to time his cheeks flushed , his brow darkened , and a mist passed over his eyes . the dragoon . artagnan found kitty waiting for him . have accomplished with all the <unk> of a soldier , but also with the courtesy of a gentleman . do in that case ? ” , as i generally do when i am weary without having the courage to amuse myself , or when i am hungry without feeling inclined to eat . ” of a quarrel when i am expected at any place and when such a quarrel might possibly prevent my reaching it . : ‘ sire , you are deceived as to	142.81678771972656
the feeling in france , as to the opinions of the towns , and the prejudices of the army ; he whom in paris you call the corsican ogre , who at <unk> is styled the usurper , is already saluted as bonaparte at lyons , and emperor at grenoble . orphans are to be pitied , ” said danglars , wishing to prolong the jest . maximilian morrel , an excellent friend i have acquired in your absence , and whose name you will hear me mention every time i make any allusion to affection , wit , or amiability . ” words , which is all that is absolutely necessary , although i believe there are nearly one hundred thousand in the <unk> . who he	176.1673583984375
is ? ” taken off his greatcoat , waistcoat , and shirt , and one might distinguish by the glimmering through the open panel that he wore a <unk> tunic of steel mail , of which the last in france , where daggers are no longer dreaded , was worn by king louis <unk> , who feared the dagger at his breast , and whose head was cleft with a hatchet . . ” ’ s wife could follow him with her eyes , she waved her handkerchief to him , leaning so far out of the window as to lead people to believe she wished to precipitate herself . advancing several steps to meet him . ? ” who was the man in the mask , who	158.51025390625
so <unk> offered to cut the king ’ s throat . ” morcerf . ” that villefort will be firm and inflexible for the future in his political principles . ” against visitors as soon as the clock struck five , ” replied the valet . just passing the round tower , the young man shouted : “ stand by there to lower the topsails and jib ; <unk> up the spanker ! ” him , i hope , ” said the count frowningly . beg you to make to lord de winter . a terrible murmur was wafted to them by the night breeze ; then all at once it ceased . cry of surprise , which was not quite free from joy . of the committee	130.13404846191406
, and even claim the honor of being heard . he said , “ now , my lad , you may claim your seven hundred livres , but you did not run much risk with such a note as that . ” , my lord , but not for the queen ; you must leave it to me and give me the entire direction of the undertaking . ” chapter <unk> . mention these things , ” said danglars ; then , approaching monte cristo , he added , “ especially before young m. cavalcanti ; ” after which he smiled , and turned towards the young man in question . a prince to us , who fixed the <unk> upon a great queen ’ s head ?	77.31448364257812
” replied planchet . do you not ? ” an ineffable look towards heaven . looking behind them or exchanging a word , fled at a rapid gallop , fording a little stream , of which none of them knew the name , and leaving on their left a town which athos declared to be durham . against you ; i tell you . port wine in the cellar of monsieur le baron de bracieux . ” madame danglars , resolving to make a last effort , “ this young man , though a murderer , is an orphan , abandoned by everybody . ” cried aramis , transported . flattering to the feelings of the rabbits into whose heads he has thrust pins , to the fowls	159.32797241210938
whose bones he has dyed red , and to the dogs whose spinal marrow he has <unk> out ? ” said ; “ today is the 5th of september , is it not ? ” ” responded bertuccio , “ all i ask of heaven is that i may never see him again . . is considered , you are right . interrupted the count , “ listen how <unk> duprez is singing that line , — his usual hour , and slept in peace . ” said the king in a low voice . you will have left beaucaire , ’ remarked caderousse , ‘ for the fair ends in a few days . ’ have known you not a whole year . it is that i	96.2031478881836
came to know . ” ! charles , “ do they take me for a coward , like themselves ? me ! ’ said i . stairs he found planchet in a great fright . of nearly an hour , the carriage stopped before an iron gate , which closed an avenue leading to a castle severe in form , massive , and isolated . in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance . presume to say that all my friends are in the king ’ s musketeers and guards , and that by an inconceivable fatality my enemies are in the service of your eminence ; i should , therefore , be ill received here and ill regarded there if i accepted what monseigneur	163.13690185546875
offers me . ” as a firm conviction . , before he died , give you a letter for me ? ” asked albert . look ? ” asked porthos , who , perceiving that d ’ artagnan had allowed the conversation to drop , profited by it to put in a word or two . and returned directly after . hands ! pistoles , sir . ” morrel , “ i know not , indeed , if i may reveal this secret to mortal ears , but fatality impels me , necessity <unk> me , count—— ” morrel hesitated . ” to punish , madame , ” he added , with a flaming glance ; “ any other woman , were it the queen herself , i	96.00668334960938
would send to the executioner ; but to you i shall be merciful . divan , tore off the cover of two or three of the papers , looked at the theatre <unk> , made a face seeing they gave an opera , and not a ballet ; hunted vainly amongst the <unk> for a new <unk> of which he had heard , and threw down , one after the other , the three leading papers of paris , muttering , rode forward and desired the sentinel to call monsieur de villequier . in beholding these dreadful spectacles ? ” own uniform best , my lord . ” light the lamp , ’ said la carconte ; ‘ it is growing dark , and there may be some	154.4675750732422
<unk> ’ in fact , night had come on during this conversation , and with night the storm which had been threatening for the last half-hour . you bear this personal ill-feeling , then ? ” said morcerf , turning pale with anger . beauchamp , taking both his hands , “ take courage , my friend . ” ” said aramis . of these torches d ’ artagnan perceived men in uniform . that lord winter was really dead , let fall the corpse and said : , a campaign upon which we are now entering ? ” , ” replied the officer . queen remained standing near the hangings , whilst d ’ artagnan glided behind the curtains . hear in bitter poverty . come in	102.12283325195312
. ” sequins haughtily into his pocket , and slowly returned by the way he had gone . i admire you , ” said villefort , who , for the first time in this strange conversation , used the aristocratic form to the unknown personage , whom , until now , he had only called monsieur . thing . ” athos , “ executioner , do your duty . ” changed ? ” asked dantès with much surprise ; “ do you think yourself more guilty in making the attempt since you have encountered me ? ” . ” ” said the duke , <unk> in his pocket . i can catch you . monte cristo , “ that is a prejudice on your part , m. de	65.28482055664062
villefort , for which i am quite at a loss to account . ” memoirs of a man who was concerned in some few of these defeats and in many of these victories . he ; “ she looked so pale this morning , i scarcely knew her . ” debray ? ” to him , and the friends gave him to understand that among all his high connections he must find a place for kitty . again ; all is over . had heard approach slowly withdrew , as if with regret . 59 . interview , ” said andrea to the worthy steward ; “ i wish the troublesome fellow were at the devil ! ” i shall go around to see athos ; for though	117.1112060546875
i don ’ t think his aid worth much , one must with one ’ s friends observe all due politeness , ” said d ’ artagnan . , sir , ” answered the queen . and left the room . produced and distributed project gutenberg™ ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support . let a bit of straw out of his hands under a louis the truss , and they intrusted to him straw to the amount of four hundred and thirty louis . this man was speaking in a manner half jesting , half bitter , that franz ’ s ear recalled most vividly the deep sonorous , yet <unk> voice that had addressed him in the grotto of monte cristo , and which	163.37503051757812
he heard for the second time amid the darkness and ruined grandeur of the colosseum . , monsieur blaisois , our masters would not deny themselves this wine . a captain ? i may see it is not false . ” humility , took the bit of the impatient animal with his left hand , and with the right held out the reins to andrea , who , taking them from him , rested his polished boot lightly on the step . possible ” ” what i will do ? ” five-and-twenty years , spared no pains to understand the people of france and the interests which were confided to me ; and now , when i see the <unk> of my wishes almost within reach , the	140.9655303955078
power i hold in my hands bursts and <unk> me to atoms ! ” of carriages . to love , my lord . are to endure every sorrow on this earth , hear the result of our unhappy mission . ” ” said morrel ; “ my sister is five-and-twenty , my brother-in-law is thirty , they are gay , young , and happy . mousqueton , about whom there was a remnant of his ancient <unk> character left . d ’ artagnan , “ does the queen , surrounded as she is by such devoted servants , such wise <unk> , men , in short , so great by merit or <unk> she deign to cast her eyes on an obscure soldier ? ” broke , and	122.07167053222656
after an hour of useless toil , dantès paused with anguish on his brow . the usual interval of time , a cab arrived , and the veiled lady ran hastily upstairs . some people on the way who delayed me . his gaze could pierce the branches of trees which limited his horizon . not send you more it is because i fear you would not accept a larger sum . ” and i will die with that hope . ” event occurred , due , no doubt , to the imprudence of some servant who had neglected to extinguish the lights . pierrefonds he was at saint germain . one way <unk> knowledge of parisian habits , of the means of rendering yourself comfortable , or	223.27215576171875
of the <unk> , can assist , you may depend upon me to find you a fitting dwelling here . tools ? ” more reunited ? ” said andrea . then , prefer a method , ” resumed d ’ artagnan , “ which would equally avenge you while rendering the combat useless ? ” that a letter has been written by you during the day ; he knows that it has not yet been sent to its address . is fixed for the day after tomorrow , and that you have but one day to work in . ” see anything more , sir ? ” said the concierge . i pray you pardon this little traitor . the major , “ difficulties seem to thicken upon	104.08172607421875
us ; will she be wanted in any way ? ” . are acquainted with madame danglars ? ” lost all trace of her . room and proceeded to take possession of the best apartment in the house , which d ’ artagnan occupied with authority . custom , the <unk> took place . . ” said d ’ artagnan . without any unusual disturbance , and dantès knew that he had escaped the first peril . of pronouncing his father ’ s name , when monte cristo gently held up his finger in token of reproach ; the young man recollected his promise , and was silent . known , ” said the inspector ; “ and the abbé ’ s plan has not even the merit	73.279052734375
of originality . ” about to go out , lord de winter appeared in the corridor , followed by the soldier who had been sent to inform him of the swoon of milady . o ’ clock the road of chaillot is quite deserted ; you might as well go and ride in the forest of bondy . ” . go on ; it was impossible . in a state of uncertainty . a quill , and some ink , then , ” said the cardinal . be tired , and so did the curate . was visibly gaining ground ; but the horse and its rider , of whom he did not lose sight , were evidently sinking . he closed his right eye only , and	90.94221496582031
if barrois , the left . pity send for a physician ; my whole fortune shall not be thought too much for the recovery of my boy . ” heard in epirus , ” said monte cristo ; “ but the particulars are still unknown to me . in this alliance with m. de villefort ; all i seek is happiness . ” see either of them ? ” , they would not question people in this manner , ” said d ’ artagnan to himself . it . the <unk> cavalcanti and the marchesa oliva corsinari . a violent blow . and tried to climb it ; but the wall had been recently pointed , and d ’ artagnan could get no hold . me have some	82.60676574707031
money , can you not ? ” make up for her want of loyalty , i will be most <unk> severe ; ” then casting an expressive glance at his betrothed , which seemed to say , “ fear not , for your dear sake my justice shall be <unk> with mercy , ” and receiving a sweet and approving smile in return , villefort departed with paradise in his heart . broken that treaty , your excellency ? ” ” replied the duke . came to pay her a visit . ’ s hand and kissed it respectfully . . said mazarin , “ is not that you go with a great following ; my plans require secrecy , and would be <unk> by a too extravagant	114.25975036621094
equipment . ” ? ” to its general notoriety . ” , ’ replied the jeweller , and he <unk> the stone . near the panel . through the body of the first and athos had knocked down the other with the butt end of his pistol . hair , <unk> all attempts to train or curl it , fell over his projecting forehead , and hung down to his shoulders , giving increased <unk> to eyes already sparkling with a youthful love of mischief and <unk> for every forbidden enjoyment . ; your conversation is full of instructive things . ” , ” said the young man , “ here is <unk> come round again ; tell me , is this the moment for a wedding ?	126.53306579589844
” ’ s voice , singing a corsican song , accompanied by the piano . in it . ” it were , force a passage to his heart , found an impassable barrier . but a sword thrust is a sword thrust , whatever be the age of him who gives it , and a youth is less to be suspected than an older man , ” and the stranger fell into a reverie which lasted some minutes . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i have always observed a great degree of intelligence and devotedness in mousqueton . ” athos , leaning down his head as if to remember who it could be . germain , as he came out from the presence of the queen	90.23699951171875
. ” of _la jeune amélie_ had , as he neared the land , mounted two small <unk> , which , without making much noise , can throw a four <unk> ball a thousand paces or so . that this recital scarcely produced the same effect it would have done had she been in her usual state of health . would be on his way . him too weak to support such an exertion . in greece . ” ! _ who is to know ? ” be in , wait for me . ” , ” said la meilleraie , retreating a few steps . invited me to pass a few days in normandy , and has deputed me , while her son is being <unk> ,	124.29106140136719
to go and prepare her residence at rouen ; after which , if nothing new occurs , i shall go and bury myself in my convent at <unk> . ” never drank , and put the crown piece in his pocket . athos , “ no divided attention , i beg ; let each one pick out his man . ” assembled answers to the name of edmond dantès ? ” the failure of his first search , he began a second , after having told gaetano to roast one of the two kids . a thorough <unk> , ” said monte cristo , smiling . said danglars , becoming pale . great lord ’ s name ? ” you to take advantage , my friend . for	102.28414916992188
this evening , ” said the coadjutor , “ but the violins will not begin to play until to-morrow morning . ” all sides . s the name of the lad whom i made a sergeant in piedmont ’ s regiment ? ” d ’ artagnan , with some degree of emotion , “ i struck without knowing that it was you . idea haunt the cardinal even in his sleep , that when at seven in the morning bernouin came to arouse him , his first words were : “ well , what ’ s the matter ? i think , and taken flight , carrying off their booty . and you agree ? ” asked albert , astonished . of m. and madame de saint-méran .	100.74933624267578
” , so hated by his master , has descended into the tomb , drawing after him the king , whom he would not leave alone on earth , lest his work should be destroyed . . conti , the duc de longueville , the duc de beaufort , the duc de bouillon , the marechal de la <unk> , the marquis de <unk> , and i don ’ t know who , for my part . ” , ” said the servant , “ but the housemaid is in mademoiselle valentine ’ s room : perhaps she has emptied them . ” ” interposed d ’ artagnan , proudly . . tolerably reassured with regard to porthos , and as he was anxious to obtain news of	55.494422912597656
his two other friends , he held out his hand to the wounded man , and told him he was about to resume his route in order to continue his researches . , and perceived a postscript : sir , that your position has kept you out of relation to men and affairs ; otherwise you would know that since we left paris monsieur le cardinal has returned thither five or six times ; that he has there met de beaufort , de bouillon , the coadjutor and d ’ elbeuf and that not one of them had any desire to arrest him . ” the precaution to set apart four trusses for his own use . and with reason , on milady . name , which maximilian	134.1285858154297
is likely to render glorious , since at thirty years of age he is a captain , an officer of the legion of honor . ” very well , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ but i am tired of fearing when i open a fresh bottle that the wine may come from the cellar of milady . ” chatillon will not come to the place royale to look for you . ” cried morcerf ; “ _parbleu ! _ do you think i can not be saved as well as anyone else , and that there are only arabs who cut off heads ? , indeed was almost unknown , and scarcely interrupted the course of events . am <unk> . ” you ought to do	89.19046783447266
, morcerf ? ” now traversed was the ancient <unk> way , and bordered with tombs . of your offer with pleasure , ” replied the host , “ but , unfortunately , if i go there , it will be , in all probability , _incognito_ . ” for franz to do but to take up his hat , open the door of the box , and offer the countess his arm . discussing the war ; the grooms polished their arms ; the young men loaded the pistols in case of a skirmish , and they awoke in despair , having both dreamed that they had arrived too late to participate in the battle . are not now going to be married , you intend still——	141.13287353515625
” faria , “ we are prisoners ; but i forget this sometimes , and there are even moments when my mental vision transports me beyond these walls , and i fancy myself at liberty . ” us play upon words , sir . concerns the war which the king , my husband , is now sustaining against his rebellious subjects . that i felt a slight pulsation of the heart , and as i had been assistant at the hospital at bastia , i did what a doctor would have <unk> <unk> the lungs by blowing air into them , and at the expiration of a quarter of an hour , it began to breathe , and cried feebly . , ” said franz . , then	135.988525390625
, is she not ? ” said albert . , villefort had narrowly watched the old man ’ s countenance . hand . said— “ that is not my name , and in my country it <unk> ill fortune , they say , to call a young girl by the name of her betrothed before he becomes her husband . cardinal arrive , he will take no notice ; if it is monsieur d ’ artagnan and his friends , he will bring them to us . ” , ” replied the cardinal , “ that i was desirous of presenting her majesty with these two studs , and that not daring to offer them myself , i adopted this means of inducing her to accept them .	80.40174102783203
” a treaty and your eminence must sign it before us , promising at the same time to obtain the queen ’ s consent to it . ” demanded porthos . ” cried he whom they had addressed as “ my lord ; ” “ ’ tis not his voice . ” grimaud reflected on two things ; first , that at the pace he was going his horse would not carry him ten miles , and secondly , that he had no money . tréville , you must have visited him ? ” queen . ” all who knock . the god i adore , were <unk> because i called upon that religion and that god , but still i resisted . shall have the pleasure of	117.2437973022461
waiting upon you , ’ answered la carconte , with an eager attention she was not accustomed to manifest even to guests who paid for what they took . athos . , a vague fear seized me , and i tried to struggle against <unk> . ! , did not even give himself the trouble to shake the dice . demanded all his three friends . shall rejoice in the prospect of your coming , and in the evening dwell with delight on the happiness i have enjoyed in your presence ; then too , when alone , i can call forth mighty pictures of the past , see vast horizons bounded only by the <unk> mountains of pindus and <unk> . sail , and the vessel was	195.3006134033203
once more cleaving the waves . perceived the ground which the vindictive creature wished to reach . from her convent . ” will leave them when i go to auteuil . ” of his friend , dantès cast around one eager and searching glance in quest of the expected marvels , but nothing more than common met his view . expression struck morrel , who began his story with trembling . done explicitly and positively . it . ” cried d ’ avrigny with grief and surprise . him , raoul quickly understood that the two friends wished to be alone and he therefore left the room <unk> . placed in ambuscade in the first room . ” eugénie . opened the door , such a gust of	134.9960174560547
wind came in that the lamp was nearly extinguished . and the emperor of austria to appear to be wounded , as they really were , by the policy of richelieu—the eternal object of which was the <unk> of the house of <unk> declare war against france , and as a condition of peace , to insist upon the dismissal of the cardinal ; but as to love , there was not a single word about it in all the letter . said danglars , “ it would not be a bad speculation , i fancy , and you know i am a speculator . ” you have no friends in your prosperity when you had many in adversity ? ” adventure so singular that he wished for	99.65109252929688
counsel . you parisians , idlers on the boulevard de <unk> or the bois de boulogne , and think of this man , it seems to me we are not of the same race . ” athos . will find at home will tell you . , ” he continued , “ that the count de rochefort spoke of me to the cardinal ? ” replied m. danglars , who had listened to all this preamble with imperturbable coolness , but without understanding a word , since like every man <unk> with thoughts of the past , he was occupied with seeking the thread of his own ideas in those of the speaker . attempting violence ? ” find athos ? him , in order that he may	104.11607360839844
give evidence of your having been with him at half past nine . they are saying here ? ” more , that ’ s all , i see plainly enough . boy ; i prefer remaining honorably in the capital . ” him she seized his hand ; her own hands were moist and icy cold . the king , who honored highly , as everyone knows , the memory of his father , henry iv . , ” said athos , “ for he knows neither his father nor his mother . ” say , ” continued caderousse , in his native language , which was not altogether devoid of rude poetry , “ i can not help being more frightened at the idea of the malediction	129.2836151123047
of the dead than the hatred of the living . ” despairingly . are wholly wanting in voiture ’ s works , but i am of the same opinion as the <unk> is a poet , a true <unk> ” aramis spoke so as to be heard by everybody . mazarin , writhing beneath this simple eloquence , “ your majesty does not understand me ; you judge my intentions wrongly , and that is partly because , doubtless , i explain myself in french . ” monsieur has asked for , ” replied the lackey . hour ? ” said she . olivain is to stay and i am to go . name , my lord , ” replied felton , “ will you sign it all	99.14093017578125
the same ? ” heaven , ” cried dantès , “ speak again , though the sound of your voice terrifies me . anger , he left the apartment . to fail in some desirable matrimonial alliance . ” horse all saddled , and will point out to you the road you ought to take . to us in africa , who have not always any food to eat , and rarely anything to drink . ” buckingham ! ” cried felton , in a high state of excitement . sir , ” asked the queen , who could not help feeling some interest in the handsome young man before her , “ what is his name ? ” him ! ” you think of bonacieux ? ”	79.12387084960938
for what you tell me , ” said the governor , replying to the assurance of the doctor , “ that the old man is really dead ; for he was a quiet , inoffensive prisoner , happy in his folly , and required no watching . ” the italian . ” cried the host ; “ open it instantly , sir monk ! ” disappear , and fearing to be surprised in the cavern , left it , his gun in his hand . and waited all the evening and all the next day without getting any message . answered d ’ artagnan . <unk> drive me like a madman to dig my heart out with my finger-nails ! the facts were precisely what you have stated	108.23220825195312
, ” said madame de villefort ; “ and it was to prevent the <unk> of old <unk> that m. de villefort formed the idea of uniting in the bonds of affection the two children of these inveterate enemies . ” which appeared possible to the young man . king had halted to fly the magpie , and the four friends , according to their custom , instead of following the sport had stopped at a cabaret on the high road , a man coming from la rochelle on horseback pulled up at the door to drink a glass of wine , and darted a searching glance into the room where the four musketeers were sitting . hands , lord de winter taking the rue saint honore ,	91.8656005859375
and athos and aramis remaining together . said julie , “ will you restore him to us cured of his melancholy ? ” morrel turned away to conceal the confusion of his countenance . . groups , according to their fancy , lying in their <unk> , or with their backs against a sort of stone bench , which went all round the columbarium , were to be seen twenty brigands or more , each having his carbine within reach . open it . by her night dress of fine india linen , to implore her pardon ; but she , with a strong movement , tried to escape . , ” answered the queen . gentlemen , if you doubt the fact , ” said the duke	130.1181640625
. : ‘ take notice that in all probability he will be disguised as a cavalier ; ’ which seems to me to leave no room for doubt , since you are dressed as a cavalier and not as an officer of musketeers . across the pass by some arm of giant strength . man to forget a <unk> until he has settled account with the mystifier ; and the mystifier appears to me to have the air of being a certain young gascon of my acquaintance . ” , grimaud , ” said mousqueton , handing him the beer pot and gimlet . lead the conversation to a subject which might possibly clear up his doubts . biscuit <unk> up wine ! are composed of treasures one	183.95657348632812
possesses under one ’ s hand , such as mines , lands , and <unk> property , in such states as france , austria , and england , provided these treasures and property form a total of about a hundred millions ; i call those second-rate fortunes , that are gained by <unk> enterprises , <unk> companies , <unk> , and <unk> , not drawing more than <unk> francs , the whole forming a capital of about fifty millions ; finally , i call those third-rate fortunes , which are composed of a <unk> capital , dependent upon the will of others , or upon chances which a bankruptcy <unk> or a false telegram <unk> , such as banks , speculations of the <unk> fact , all operations	302.811767578125
under the influence of greater or less <unk> , the whole bringing in a real or fictitious capital of about fifteen millions . my card , take it to your master . ” ; and a few of those bottles of old burgundy wine , which cured your master so quickly of his <unk> ! ” , ‘ thou shalt not covet thy neighbor ’ s goods , nor yet his wife . ’ ” in la carconte , “ those two could crush you at a single blow ! ” what i believe on that <unk> ” limbs with a woollen cloth ; another , whom he recognized as the one who had cried out “ courage ! ” held a gourd full of rum to his	226.33314514160156
mouth ; while the third , an old sailor , at once the pilot and captain , looked on with that egotistical pity men feel for a misfortune that they have escaped yesterday , and which may overtake them tomorrow . you ? ” landed at pianosa , where he was assured that red partridges abounded . lost a word of the conversation , took his two companions by the hand , and led them to the other end of the room . last twelve months to have been wasted ? ” asked the abbé . he . to me to wish for a nearer inspection of these large insects , with their long black claws , for i always feared to find under their stone wings some	153.19375610351562
little human genius <unk> to death with cabals , <unk> , and government intrigues . . gathering clouds , and felt no desire to witness the explosion of madame danglars ’ rage , suddenly recollected an appointment , which compelled him to take his leave ; while monte cristo , unwilling by <unk> his stay to destroy the advantages he hoped to obtain , made a farewell bow and departed , leaving danglars to endure the angry reproaches of his wife . said d ’ artagnan , who , as we have often said , never stumbled at anything . , madame , that i have any hostile intentions against your son ? ” he even a mercer , when he had talked for ten minutes with cardinal	162.6042022705078
richelieu , is no longer the same man . monte cristo , smiling ; “ in these prompt arrangements we recognize the order of a <unk> soldier . ” . to himself that this reasoning was not only <unk> , but just . . your worthy father ? ” prince , he is wrong not to maintain his rank ; i do not like anyone to deny his origin . ” unhappy being , who , concealed behind the damask curtain , almost felt mercédès dress brush past him , and his son ’ s warm breath , pronouncing these words : edge of that terrible bed , and fell into melancholy and gloomy reverie . ” awaken me ? ” . ” ” said athos ; “	106.60397338867188
he has served your majesty longer than we have . ” , maximilian ? ” asked valentine . ” <unk> that master edward was repeating when he referred to king mithridates , ” continued the count , “ and you interrupted him in a quotation which proves that his tutor has by no means neglected him , for your son is really advanced for his years . ” in question made <unk> i would advise him not to buy one . ” d ’ artagnan was left alone with raoul . . felton , in a low voice . and shut twenty times the drawers of the secretaries , it became necessary , whatever hesitation he might <unk> became necessary , i say , to come to the	120.45829772949219
conclusion of the affair ; that is to say , to search the queen herself . reappeared , paler than before , but with that imperturbable expression of countenance which she sometimes wore . the young man ’ s account with a seriousness which proved that he saw something else in this adventure besides a love affair . dangerous than the others , being composed of armed men . their history ? ” see , ” said mazarin ; “ isn ’ t there still time to repair the evil ? voice : oath that i will not . ” woman who has just entered that box ? ” , then , who examined you , —the king ’ s attorney , his deputy , or a magistrate	125.87303161621094
? ” affectionately to me , benedetto , my old friend , that is not <unk> care , or i may become troublesome . ” against our ill-fortune ? before her . was heard . they did not lay siege to the hôtel of the duc de la trémouille , and that they did not endeavor to burn it ? —which would not , perhaps , have been a great misfortune in time of war , seeing that it is nothing but a nest of huguenots , but which is , in time of peace , a frightful example . glass of water in your apartment ; you know that is never refused among neighbors . ” i heard his sobs , and i could not resist my	102.3971176147461
desire to go up to him , but when i reached his door he was no longer weeping but praying . knew anything of what had occurred . <unk> ! la fere to come to me , ” said madame de chevreuse , “ i want to speak to him . ” , or rather why i am there , ” replied bonacieux , “ that is entirely impossible for me to tell you , because i don ’ t know myself ; but to a certainty it is not for having , <unk> at least , <unk> monsieur the cardinal . ” , reflecting , “ you are right , sir ; some one who could raise the legion of <unk> who choke up the <unk> of	47.0855712890625
paris ; some one who would know how to cry aloud to them , that all france might hear it , that it is mazarin who has reduced them to poverty . ” , and her husband is dead ! ” hour he was entering the house in the rue du helder . large easy-chair , her head supported by her hand , her elbow resting on a table , was looking at her son , who was turning over the leaves of a large book filled with pictures . flight ; in ten minutes they will perhaps be here . ” i had not seen villefort ’ s face , i recognized him by the beating of my heart . . ” answered comminges , “ he	79.19808197021484
begs to be taken to the place where monsieur d ’ artagnan is <unk> is , in the hunting lodge , opposite the orangery . ” confidence makes you honorable in my opinion ; and your princely father , is he rich , very rich ? ” corpse , and when it is ready it will be placed in a lighted chapel . ” whom they then perceived through the open doorway , formed with eugénie one of the <unk> <unk> of which the germans are so fond . constant readiness to sail immediately i think proper to give the signal . count , i found you this morning engaged in an occupation but little consistent with the notions you profess to entertain . ” the street .	176.94195556640625
” , are unhappy ? ” she said . . dismissed , ” continued caderousse . know why they die so multitudinously at m. de villefort ’ s ? ” returned . the count , the approbation of whose eye villefort had frequently solicited during this speech . house standing alone , between a courtyard and a garden , —you must know it . ” : ? ” returned the count , “ that this human creature who is about to die is furious that his <unk> does not perish with him ? you this , madame , to terrify you ; no , it is even ridiculous for me to name it to you , and , believe me , i take no heed of such dreams	101.70680236816406
. <unk> is no one but fernand , my brother , who will grasp your hand as a devoted friend . ” have left me all i had . ” with the same advantages , ” said d ’ artagnan , in a tone of raillery ; “ for when you meet me again you will perhaps be alone and there will be daylight . ” albert pass and repass , holding an enormous bouquet , which he doubtless meant to make the bearer of his amorous epistle . murmured the count of morcerf . , and went into a room in which the host said they would not be disturbed . , sir , ” said anne of austria ; “ so much the worse , at	74.93301391601562
least for the queen , for to-day she has need of the same courage and the same devotion . ” than <unk> at the village of festubert , while drinking at an inn , he had learned without <unk> to ask a question that the evening before , at half-past eight , a wounded man who accompanied a lady traveling in a post-chaise had been obliged to stop , unable to go further . , in spite of himself , the recollection of the terror with which the count had inspired the countess g—— , and her firm conviction that the man in the opposite box was a vampire . her at rome , ” replied albert . to-day we find our friends ? ” , anything of	111.82697296142578
your <unk> have never seen your mother ? ” said athos , “ we are just arrived from england and our first concern is to inquire after your health . ” , held in great <unk> all that could render a man happy ? ” been taken to <unk> , to <unk> , or to the <unk> islands . porthos . nature are above other <unk> from heaven courage to support greater misfortunes than those of lower rank , for their hearts are elevated as their fortunes . think yourselves in a better position than you are . of you , my lord , ” said he ; “ sign the order for the <unk> of milady de winter . a sort of mental superiority over those whose	118.0634994506836
lives we know better than they suppose . said athos , “ that if he had not rescued me from the hands of cahusac , i should not now have the honor of making my very humble reverence to your majesty . ” it ! ” ; you know i am a sailor . ” replied the stranger , “ that she did not suspect the intentions with which you went out ? ” the inspector , from discretion , and that he might not disturb the abbé faria ’ s pupil in his researches , had seated himself in a corner , and was reading _le <unk> blanc_ . the only man in the world having the right to say to you , ‘ morrel , your	81.04718017578125
father ’ s son shall not die today ; ’ ” and monte cristo , with an expression of majesty and sublimity , advanced with arms folded toward the young man , who , involuntarily overcome by the commanding manner of this man , recoiled a step . present itself to the banker , so fortunately become bankrupt ? the small fortune which we shall possess for the future ? but the walls were solid rock , a man was sitting reading at the only outlet to the cell , and behind that man shapes armed with guns continually passed . hundred steps ere he perceived the strange change which had been made in the streets of paris . seven francs ... ... .. ... ... . 7	219.5748291015625
. it was to agitate that ocean of human waves , how many were received with a look of indifference or a sneer of disdain ! . ” , my friend that we were right in what we did . ” at st. germain presented itself to the mind of the presumptuous gascon . capital of a theatre on the boulevard , or a railroad from the <unk> des <unk> to la <unk> . ” pistol and you were in full fight , sword in hand . ” a hundred francs a <unk> ” myself with this one effort , ” continued villefort . traces which had escaped me in the darkness . will have the truth , and me , too ! ” said athos . ”	105.29454803466797
cried olivain , “ what are you doing ? , and aramis . ” learn more . there . in the meantime . ” he was dreaming . my dear fellow , how one acquires bad habits in these cursed <unk> , or what evil ways all these men of the church have , with whom i am obliged to live . gout , but notwithstanding his illness , which had prevented his mounting on horseback for the last <unk> is , since paris had been <unk> was ready to receive the comte de la fere and the chevalier d ’ herblay . chair , drew it toward her , and sat down close beside her . a most curious one . ” villefort , “ do you	89.10795593261719
mean to say that valentine is not interested in your will ? ” said harrison , laughing , “ did this serious calamity of going without breakfast happen to you ? ” , decidedly . ” a manner impossible to describe . in france , and yet always wear them , for all that . ” will pay you . ” wounded without doubt , killed , perhaps . to envy him on that score , for i owe to you the pleasure of knowing him , ” replied the witty woman , with a smile which recalled marie michon to aramis and to athos . he was delirious ; the next day he died . ” my angel , ” said d ’ artagnan , smiling ;	85.99272918701172
“ that would be useless . ” he saw they were about to lower the boat . ” ” constance . which , in lord wilmore ’ s opinion , possibly amounted to one or two millions per annum , —a precarious fortune , which might be momentarily lost by the failure of the mine . you say ? ” , therefore , to get off their horses and take a boat ; and in that strange manner they approached the louvre . this place , at the inn of the red dovecot . ” ” cried olivain , pale and disconsolate rushing about on the shore , “ how shall i cross ? ” , making a sign only that it was all so ; and then	108.56404113769531
, when d ’ artagnan had ended , he shook his head with an air that announced nothing good . de chatillon . the boulevard , on my way here , ” said beauchamp . like a letter to the minister that they might explain to you—— ” coming into lilliers . ” great lady will not be allowed to be inconvenienced for such a paltry sum as he owes you . ” of father marteau are described . you enter ? shall i see you again ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . which athos possessed , concealed as it was , so skillfully , seemed to show a regard for appearances and to betray a <unk> ambition which might be easily aroused . then , albert	105.86262512207031
? ” asked franz . the baroness , who , descending , took it with a peculiarity of manner imperceptible to everyone but monte cristo . acres of land ! ” franz d ’ épinay . , of weakness , how cruelly punished by his subjects ! my sorrow but he ? who tasted any of my dishes , and i think you <unk> them <unk> ” while speaking , caderousse went on <unk> a fresh supply of onions . was back again , madame . after this first visit has been made we shall count on you . ” ? in the first place , ” replied dantès , “ upon the enormous degree of intelligence and ability you must have employed to reach the high perfection	136.31065368652344
to which you have attained . believed him ; but men are changed by events . ” settled . said valentine , — “ no , i tell you it is all past , and it was nothing . ground floor , ” said caderousse . repent ? ” stammered danglars . ’ t let you go so ! , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ we are observed . ” me the control of this business ; we had better wait and see what they want . ” of saint-méran ’ s daughter ? ” , viscount ; you like your title , do you not ? ” cause of this sorrow and anxiety , and as it was not his accustomed hour for visiting her	65.40983581542969
, she had gone to the spot simply by accident or perhaps through sympathy . , which laporte recognized as having belonged to the queen . street nor the number of the house where the meeting was to be held ; it bore no signature , but it announced to the general that someone would call for him if he would be ready at nine o ’ clock . opened the door of the corridor and then that of the ante-chamber . turn in the lock he began to be alarmed , lest they should only have exchanged one prison for another . his auditors ; “ at the moment you left his house ? ” rome you spent fifty thousand piastres in furnishing your apartments , but	147.1730499267578
i presume that you are not disposed to spend a similar sum every day . ” want , dear grandpapa ? ” said valentine , and she endeavored to recall to mind all the things which he would be likely to need ; and as the ideas presented themselves to her mind , she repeated them aloud , then , <unk> that all her efforts elicited nothing but a constant _ “ no , ” <unk> said , “ come , since this plan does not answer , i will have recourse to another . ” ? ” said he eagerly . sir , for your heart is of such a generous nature that you can well understand all that has passed in mine . a spring .	116.94709014892578
it ‘ devotion , ’ ” added aramis ; “ the vineyard of self-sacrifice , to transmit to latest ages the recollection of your devotion to your master . ” herself , —at least i hope so , —for her attention has not been diverted from her projects by watching over me . make my observations , or the frenchman will transact his business without my knowing the sum . ” fatality ! ” murmured the minister , feeling that the pressure of circumstances , however light a thing to destiny , was too much for any human strength to endure . , which only sounds on the pope ’ s <unk> and the opening of the carnival , was ringing a joyous peal . time , madame	220.00820922851562
, ” said the procureur , describing a half-circle with his chair , so as to place himself exactly opposite to madame danglars , — “ it is a long time since i had the pleasure of speaking alone with you , and i regret that we have only now met to enter upon a painful conversation . ” ” gravely replied monte cristo ; and taking leave of albert , he returned into the house , and struck the gong three times . his desire to hear the conversation was augmented by this discovery . thus pronounced looked at the stranger with astonishment . enter the house of the <unk> . the door . , ” said mazarin . what period can that have been ? ”	99.8389663696289
s tomb ! ” said caderousse , supported by a supernatural power , and <unk> himself to see more distinctly the man who had just taken the oath which all men hold sacred ; “ who , then , are you ? ” of his glass , which he put down close to him , athos arose carelessly , took the musket next to him , and drew near to one of the loopholes . , so skillfully conducted , that chanleu was almost surrounded . heat of the fire ; the other ten were sunk three hundred fathoms deep into the sea . the injunction : “ if you value your own life or that of those who love you , remain motionless , and as if	120.1870346069336
you had seen nothing . ” the letter was from the marechal de grammont , henrietta ! ” said the queen . father , the count of morcerf , whose christian name is fernand ! ” no longer like a furious woman , but like a wounded panther . had not only engagements with the house of thomson & french , who had shown themselves so <unk> towards him ; and , as he had said , in business he had correspondents , and not friends . ? ” woman ? ” speak of ? ” ’ s steps ; it is my brother setting off again . the opposite character of the equality <unk> by these two men ; one is the equality that elevates , the	85.7281265258789
other is the equality that <unk> ; one brings a king within reach of the guillotine , the other elevates the people to a level with the throne . villefort was a powerful protector ; to his enemies , he was a silent , but bitter opponent ; for those who were neither the one nor the other , he was a statue of the <unk> man . a <unk> influence , for my mother rarely comes here without looking at it , and still more rarely does she look at it without weeping . four days ago and we have reason to believe that he has reached paris before us . ” a <unk> in the rue <unk> . ” of my friends , but who knows	150.08143615722656
whether they were at home ? ” the young girl , almost bewildered , “ can i not leave the house ? <unk> i not escape ? ” ” said château-renaud , “ i would rather end my career like m. de morcerf ; a pistol-shot seems quite delightful compared with this catastrophe . ” no longer , for i fear i shall be wanting in strength at the moment when i shall be forced to undergo the struggle , and confess my faith . porthos . fetch our <unk> , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and when we come back , master mazarin will sign them . ” t believe me ? ” at your service , gentlemen , ” said he . dare to	68.88488006591797
oppose the terrible minister . crown , endangered at this moment , are to <unk> rebellion in a neighboring nation . franz and the sailors in unison . , then ? ” . ” cried the host , at his wits ’ end . a gascon as when i saw you at meung , twenty-two years ago , you know ; alas ! ” and he concluded his speech with a deep sigh . were already deposited there , and now , after ten years of separation , her father and mother were to be reunited with her . eminence ’ s orders . ” madame de villefort , constantly returning to her object , “ the poisons of the borgias , the medicis , the <unk> ,	110.61547088623047
the <unk> , and later , probably , that of baron de <unk> , whose story has been so <unk> by modern drama and <unk> ” sir it was my idea , the scotch treaty , for giving up the king ? ” athos , ” resumed d ’ artagnan ; “ thus shall all die who forget that a captive man is sacred and that a captive king doubly represents the lord . ” heartrending in them that m. d ’ artagnan , who had been at first the most eager in pursuit of milady , sat down on the <unk> of a tree and hung his head , covering his ears with the <unk> of his hands ; and yet , notwithstanding , he could still	109.61907958984375
hear her cry and threaten . german , my lord , ” replied raoul ; “ but i doubt it , for his accent is bad and his <unk> defective . ” conversing cheerfully with morrel , but he was well prepared for what might happen . the last pressure of their hands expressing what their tongues could not before a stranger . , gentlemen , ” said he , “ go your way and i will go mine , and this evening at nine o ’ clock we will assemble again at the gate saint denis . under his pillow and gave it to grimaud . were you innocent , were you a martyr , ” replied felton , “ the greater would be the necessity for	107.54972076416016
prayer ; and i myself would aid you with my prayers . ” rapped was that of a little laundress , who had been previously warned , and was not yet gone to bed . indifferent manner ; he might feel perhaps annoyed , but he knew monte cristo ’ s eye was on him . ! ” cried the commissary . of england , sometimes with madame de chevreuse . should like to know , ” persisted caderousse , “ should they put dantès in prison ? dantès . of that young lady . faria was giving instructions to dantès , <unk> which were to serve him when he was at liberty . he , “ my good friends are down yonder , and they will not	103.88909149169922
allow me to be carried away without a struggle . indiscreet ? ” she murmured to herself , then said aloud : was only mate , and that she belonged to the firm of morrel & son . be a man of honor . ” and i saw him enter the house where we now are , only , instead of entering by the great door that looks into the street , he came on horseback , or in his carriage , left the one or the other at the little inn , and entered by the gate you see there . ” <unk> darkness and listened . , but i will punish you here ! ” the <unk> of the firing . at piombino , and i	90.962646484375
presume that , like milan and florence , piombino has become the capital of some french department . ” on the floor , and it broke in pieces . without taking the money , made a sign to him to follow . led him through the adjacent chamber and left him with a <unk> , showing him the way out . <unk> doublet and <unk> breeches . my lord , seek these gentlemen ; and if they will consent to go with you to england , i will give to each a duchy the day that we <unk> the throne , besides as much gold as would <unk> whitehall . , in whose journal this paragraph appears , and i shall insist on his <unk> the assertion before	161.50938415527344
two witnesses . ” astonishment of d ’ artagnan , appeared shortly ; soon , however , his surprise vanished , for he heard the murmurs of a soft , harmonious voice ; one of these two men was a woman disguised as a cavalier . but i believe that raoul will be as accomplished a gentleman as our degenerate age could display . ” ? ” said athos . ? ” said madame de villefort in a harsh and constrained tone . someone knows it <unk> is in possession of our secret ; and since monte cristo speaks before us of a child <unk> , when that child could not be found , it is he who is in possession of our secret . ” . minutes	98.166748046875
fifty thousand lights glittered , descending from the palazzo di venezia to the piazza del popolo , and mounting from the piazza del popolo to the palazzo di venezia . had many years before thought it best to confine themselves to the possession of the house itself , with its thickly planted courtyard , opening into the faubourg saint-honoré , and to the garden shut in by this gate , which formerly communicated with a fine kitchen-garden of about an acre . his letter . the king , “ will you swear , by my father , that athos was at your residence during the event and that he took no part in it ? ” fortune , my glory , all the days i have to live	192.89425659179688
, for such an instant , for a night like that . soldiers who had abandoned him occurred to his mind , and with them he remembered the assassins of two <unk> before . , ” said athos , “ and i regard ingratitude , not as a fault or a crime , but as a vice , which is much worse . ” the young man . along the faubourg saint-honoré , and in the rear of one of the most imposing mansions in this rich neighborhood , where the various houses <unk> with each other for elegance of design and magnificence of construction , extended a large garden , where the <unk> chestnut-trees raised their heads high above the walls in a solid rampart , and	139.6382293701172
with the coming of every spring scattered a shower of delicate pink and white blossoms into the large stone vases that stood upon the two square <unk> of a curiously wrought iron gate , that dated from the time of louis xiii . the contrary , rose , and going with a firm step towards the door , opened it , saying , as she did so : ” said the king in his turn , excited by this sight , “ come , gentlemen , sword in hand ! ” to do so , ” was the reply ; “ but if i am not mistaken , the words ‘ in haste , ’ are written on the envelope of the letter which i brought . ”	142.75013732910156
fellows ! ” murmured the cardinal . the attack , if indeed an attack was projected , would be made from the staircase of the ground floor , and not from a window ; in monte cristo ’ s opinion , the villains sought his life , not his money . observed that he could not continue his journey . ” ” young friend , you will act rightly , ” said the gentleman , pressing the gascon ’ s hand with an affection almost paternal ; “ and god grant that this woman , who has scarcely entered into your life , may not leave a terrible trace in it ! ” and athos bowed to d ’ artagnan like a man who wishes it understood that	84.99205780029297
he would not be sorry to be left alone with his thoughts . , and disappeared behind the tapestry , leaving the major fascinated beyond expression with the delightful reception which he had received at the hands of the count . on towards their different <unk> . know all that i wish to know . already guessed that i was preparing a surprise for you ? ” le curé , ” said the beggar , “ that you have always been very kind to me , and therefore i , in my turn , will be serviceable to you . ” sir , for a prince of the cavalcanti ! ” said the latter ; “ prince cavalcanti , where are you ? ” will keep our promise	67.26750946044922
. . friends turned , in spite of themselves , a last look on the rock , upon the menacing figure which pursued them and now stood out with a distinctness still . that i should fly from a sight so sad if i did not wish to show my respect for the illustrious shadow of what was once the comte de la fere , whom we loved so much . ” a week . not a gentleman , i ’ ll answer for it ; besides , he did not wear a sword , and the others treated him with small consideration . ” seen that the person to whom i spoke was a woman . ” footsteps on the stairs ; and that the footsteps ,	106.40534973144531
which were those of several persons , stopped at the door . , you shall have it ! ’ the pleasure of insulting us that you say that , my little viper ? ” doubt , bleed him ; therefore i will retire , for i can not endure the sight of blood ; ” and she followed her husband upstairs . mistaken here ’ s bazin . you if you have only the misfortune to scratch the skin of her dearly beloved edmond ! ” aramis was melancholy and thoughtful . really seems to me very curious . ” —i <unk> assure you i shall do my best , ” stammered villefort . your young raoul ? ” asked aramis . will be better than afterward .	114.34275817871094
” till he asks ; you will speak first , and tell him that i am gone on the lookout , because certain expressions of our host have given me reason to think the road is not safe . , ” said m. de tréville , who had a <unk> of literature , “ and monsieur de benserade was <unk> it to me the other day . closely , and discover , if you can , even the semblance of a reproach in me . ” and i shall not lose by the exchange . returned my sister , ‘ the house of morrel can only be carried on by a morrel . face , i wish to be remembered alone through the affection i hope you will	89.06275939941406
grant me . ! as i now press your hand , i shall kill him before ten o ’ clock tomorrow <unk> ” morrel , in his turn , took monte cristo ’ s hand in both of his , and he shuddered to feel how cold and steady it was . of money into his pocket . cried d ’ artagnan . odd that a princess should live in the rue aux ours . ” the count , traversed a long series of apartments , in which the <unk> characteristics were heavy magnificence and the <unk> of ostentatious wealth , until he reached the boudoir of madame <unk> small <unk> room , hung with pink satin , covered with white indian muslin . said raoul , suddenly	115.06006622314453
, “ you recall something , which , in my haste to relate my exploits , i had forgotten ; it is that there was with her majesty the queen of england , a gentleman who , when i pronounced your name , uttered a cry of surprise and joy ; he said he was a friend of yours , asked your address , and is coming to see you . ” d ’ artagnan . on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement . take care ! 108 . the count , springing out , “ when you are tired of being actors , and wish to become spectators of this scene	84.49144744873047
, you know you have places at my windows . have your charms left to seduce them with . only before sparkling , but now you are brilliant ; take compassion on us , or , like jupiter , you will <unk> us up . ” readiness to march to-night . in the eyes of the minister , he did not know ; but without doubt m. de cavois would have revealed this to him if the captain of the guards had found him at home . ” said the minister ; “ i will conduct you to her , but remember , not one word of our conversation . ” it was indeed planchet ; d ’ artagnan had recognized the voice of his old servant .	87.0099105834961
as death ; for d ’ artagnan had assumed a threatening attitude , and planchet <unk> himself after his master . you know where he is ? ” instant , i beseech you ! ” said the old lady . cried d ’ artagnan , quite bewildered at this unexpected announcement . , who as yet knew nobody in the capital , he only found one chocolate breakfast at the house of a priest of his own province , and one dinner at the house of a cornet of the guards . her that morrel was expecting her in m. noirtier ’ s room . ’ replied the man upon his return , ‘ that he got in that way ; ’ and he showed the hole i	83.48033142089844
had made when i broke through . fortune to the hospitals . ” child ! ” exclaimed the angry marquise , “ your folly exceeds all bounds . ” la ramee , ” replied the cardinal “ let him prove a true and thankful keeper and we will shut our eyes upon his rural <unk> and put on his back a uniform to make him respectable , and in the pockets of that uniform some pistoles to drink to the king ’ s health . ” nothing , monsieur the commissary , and that i only suspect . ” ” said monte cristo . . ” ” said the concierge , “ i shall not have much cause to regret him , for he came here but seldom	97.70866394042969
; it is five years since he was here last , and he did well to sell the house , for it did not bring him in anything at all . ” english <unk> who <unk> a large fortune in travelling . ? ” asked the captain , who was attentively reading plutarch ’ s <unk> of <unk> . toward the port . it ? ” ” said he ; “ i am here . ” , idiot ; gold is worth five sous . ” a <unk> ! _ ” cried athos . ” cried the sentinel , who was less abstracted , and who saw by the <unk> a shadow approaching his chief . . doubt : the treasure was <unk> one would have been at	70.18732452392578
such pains to conceal an empty casket . horror , the second indifference , the third curiosity . ” right , tréville , you are right ! ” <unk> recommend our young friend to madame de longueville , who will give him a letter to her brother , the prince , who loves her too tenderly not to do what she wishes immediately . ” ’ s succeeded a groaning , low and profound , which seemed to come from behind a door . usual at the palais royal . an <unk> divan , for the use of <unk> . him , then ? ” she added , “ count , will you oblige me with your arm ? ” of the man who met his death from	82.7219467163086
the hand of edmond dantès . shoulders . ” you , sir ? ” asked maximilian . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ don ’ t distrust providence ! , skillfully executed it with the rapidity of lightning , and struck the blow with a force which he fancied would prove irresistible . cardinal received this letter the king put his customary question to him . possibilities associated with the catalans , and eight days after the wedding they left marseilles . ” s treasurer , at blois ; tell him your name and show him this letter ; you will receive two hundred pistoles . ” friends reminded him that he had a visit to pay , but at the same time bade him observe	91.49300384521484
that there was yet time to retract . man wife or children ? ” inquired the abbé . we can obtain a sight of the piazza del popolo ? ” ” said the count , <unk> total ignorance . compliment , my young friend , ” replied aramis , “ we can see from whom you learned courtesy . meet again . ” who has committed a crime in france , and has been branded in consequence . ” still at the waters ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . ” said buckingham , becoming so pale that d ’ artagnan feared he would faint as he broke the seal . on , an eager and curious spectator , —i , who was watching the working of this	70.29229736328125
mournful tragedy , —i , who like a wicked angel was laughing at the evil men committed protected by secrecy ( a secret is easily kept by the rich and powerful ) , i am in my turn bitten by the serpent whose tortuous course i was watching , and bitten to the heart ! ” uttered a cry of surprise and asked him what was going on . in death ’ s anteroom ? ” <unk> , and beyond the flat but verdant island of la pianosa . me and i wept for joy . ” said he . worked in me the change you see ; i was dried up like a miserable tree , isolated , attached to nothing on earth ; it was only	220.72189331054688
a deep affection that could make me take root again and drag me back to life . , monsieur , ” said blaisois . make a tour of the world ; things take a different name , and the vulgar do not follow <unk> is all ; but there is always the same result . who regulate <unk> beforehand . myself , and i had it hollowed out , which reduced its value , but rendered it more <unk> for the purpose i intended . ” bastile , sir , which is so strong and so secure . ” and beckoned the young man in . and a conference . ” to be any distance from you when the carriage comes for you—at dinner or supper , for	155.2580108642578
instance ? ” ” added the young man , turning to the two guards , whom he introduced to his friends . swiss to humiliate you , but i shall lodge here no longer . ” what answer you received ? ” athos and aramis had been absent from france , the parisians , finding themselves one morning without either queen or king , were greatly annoyed at being thus deserted , and the absence of mazarin , a thing so long desired , did not compensate for that of the two august fugitives . ” said aramis , “ the black points and the red points are visibly enlarging . from expecting the change you have just informed me of ; namely , that four years afterwards	167.01417541503906
, this colossus of power would be <unk> . m. cavalcanti ? ” effect produced on his betrothed , and a smile of pride passed over his lips . in spite of all i could say . ought to return to france ; your mission is accomplished , but ours is not . ” but that it may prove <unk> even to the end , let us not lose <unk> ” and he jumped off the wall . the tone in which it was uttered , chilled the heart of poor morrel . the signal for the end of the carnival sounded , and at the same instant all the _moccoletti_ were extinguished as if by enchantment . that . ” been made in these caves ; the	100.49336242675781
treasure is in the furthest a ... ngle in the second ; which treasure i bequeath and leave en ... tire to him as my sole heir . ! ” exclaimed d ’ artagnan with a look of astonishment , “ what danger ? ” kings of the press , and therefore claiming the right of a throne everywhere , was <unk> everybody through his <unk> . la fere , ” he cried , “ i supplicate you ! angelo fired three cannon to indicate that number three had won . ” replied the cardinal ; and walking in a straight line he went to the wall , at the foot of which they all four arrived at the same instant . countess , the proud mercédès ,	154.6232147216797
the disdainful catalane , who will scarcely open her lips to her oldest acquaintances , take your arm , lead you into the garden , into the private walks , and remain there for half an hour ? ” has been passed in <unk> ; i wish to forget it myself . ” ? ” , and see that my orders are executed . ” replied the gascon , “ but i always run away from compliments . ? ” , i die , remember , maximilian , my corpse is that of an honest but unfortunate man . you are mistaken . taken place between the two contending parties . . the night ? ” he inquired . the part of the queen , ” said he	84.76815795898438
, “ and i—i will appeal to his eminence . ” stranger in the court of m. de tréville ’ s courtiers , and this his first appearance in that place , he was at length noticed , and somebody came and asked him what he wanted . times a week . ” dark in the past and that was cloudy in the future . and drank greedily of the <unk> that had lodged in a hollow of the rock . that ? ” have rescued the man that i had accepted for a husband , guilty though he were ? handkerchief to wrap them in , ” replied athos , drawing from his pocket the one he had steeped in the king ’ s blood . a	100.34239196777344
cardinalist , then , monsieur , are you ? ” cried she ; “ and you serve the party of those who <unk> your wife and insult your queen ? ” at the same time perfectly understood that he should have been duly fortified against the poison to which he had not been accustomed . ” right , ” said the notary , who feared to lose his fee . then , that right ? ” cried the queen . m. franz ? ” the eyes repeated several times , “ no , no , no . ” the rooms were splendidly illuminated ; the light streamed forth on the gilt mouldings and the silk hangings ; and all the bad taste of decorations , which had only	90.26109313964844
their richness to boast of , shone in its splendor . albert , “ i think you did not understand that something very serious had passed between m. de monte cristo and myself . ” someone approached me ; it is said that the doomed wretch in the deserts of america thus feels the approach of the serpent . , porthos looking at d ’ artagnan with open-mouthed astonishment . was arranged ? ” well that justice never lets go that which it once lays hold of . kneeling on the top , pressed the two parts of the portmanteau together , and mademoiselle d ’ armilly passed the bolt of the padlock through . livres , ” said d ’ artagnan , who reckoned like archimedes .	173.66661071777344
, are you worse ? ” exclaimed valentine , perceiving all these signs of agitation . don ’ t you tell ? ” lord wilmore , with that tone which is only known to natives of great <unk> . while up and down the hut , and then , suddenly stopping before mercédès , with his eyes glowing and his hands clenched , — “ say , mercédès , ” he said , “ once for all , is this your final determination ? ” of which no bandit before him ever gave an example . ” ? ” d ’ artagnan ; “ i am unlucky ; ” and whilst he was lost in thought bazin retreated toward the sacristy , and even there he could not	107.18504333496094
think himself safe until he had shut and locked the door behind him . aside the tapestry , sinbad preceded his guest . . their promise . ” ” replied the officer . moisture from his brow . ” here this minute . ” , i know all that . artagnan struck his hands together in anger and muttered the most convincing reasons that he could discover ; but to all these reasons athos contented himself by replying with a calm , sweet smile and aramis by nodding his head . baths , and appeared to have come from the direction of the porte saint-martin , and to be going towards the madeleine . d ’ artagnan ’ s brow . ! ” at a table folding up	111.19152069091797
papers , as if he had only been a secretary of state , looked up . the agent of thomson & french , at the moment when morrel expected it least , was to the poor shipowner so decided a stroke of good fortune that he almost dared to believe that fate was at length grown weary of wasting her spite upon him . tréville—a royal liking , a <unk> liking , it is true , but still a liking . allowed to fall on their knees before their sovereign , and that they might move her to compassion ; but they were prevented by the royal guard and the queen proceeded on her way , haughtily disdainful of their entreaties . , although your name is bernajoux	229.58966064453125
, to have only to deal with an apprentice musketeer . , ” said ; m. de villefort , “ and see what this new fancy of your grandfather ’ s is. ” valentine rose quickly , and was hastening joyfully towards the door , when m. de villefort altered his intention . we will make the half of one for one of the <unk> , and then we will give the turnings out of our pockets to d ’ artagnan , who has a steady hand , and will go and play in the first gaming house we come to . income is about 50,000 francs per annum ; and he will give me , perhaps , ten or twelve thousand when i marry . ” ?	118.12059783935547
” said cromwell , the cloud passing away from his face ; “ since you are here , it is well ; you may remain . ” , ” said louis , smiling in a manner which proved that all these questions were not made without a motive ; “ i forgot you and m. noirtier are not on the best terms possible , and that is another sacrifice made to the royal cause , and for which you should be recompensed . ” who had discovered the disappearance of the <unk> , and was crying “ thieves ! ” queen anne of austria was once saved from the greatest danger ever incurred by a queen ? ” . my pistols with the ivory cross . ” that	99.89044189453125
that woman was concerned in the abduction of madame bonacieux . ” this mournful relic , felt a paper in the pocket and drew it out ; it was a letter addressed to you , baron . ” then ? ’ — ‘ to your new master . ’ , ” responded the landlord , swelling with importance , “ that the count of monte cristo is living on the same floor with yourselves ! ” abandoned and poor , for the wife of a bankrupt would never be forgiven , were she to keep up an appearance of <unk> . , in heaven , that the duc de beaufort is to escape , he will escape ; and all the precautions of the cardinal will not prevent	95.54164123535156
it . ” a game at tennis , la ramee . ” the bottom , near the <unk> . the french army . ’ ” concern me , ” replied milady , coldly , “ since it bears another name than mine . ” give up his sword ? ” ” morrel advanced towards beauchamp and château-renaud , who , seeing his intention , came to meet him . his way in the darkness of the night ? villefort , fixing his eyes more steadfastly on her than he had ever done before , “ did you ever reveal to anyone our connection ? ” , ” said m. de blacas , “ will go and find my messenger . ” , “ i took advantage of the	70.28518676757812
silence and the darkness to leave the house without being seen . with astonishment ; he was not used to see monte cristo give vent to such bursts of enthusiasm . the door , to prevent his going out without seeing her , until sleep , which the young can not resist , had overpowered her frame , wearied as she was with watching . the latter , with a firmness which seemed to declare that with the help of valentine and his old servant , who both knew what his wishes were , he was quite prepared to maintain the contest . him ? ” immensely rich , excepting the danger carmela had run , —and the marvellous manner in which she had escaped , made that	151.0553436279297
appear to him rather a favor of providence than a real misfortune , —the loss occasioned by the <unk> was to him but a trifle . d ’ avrigny to villefort , so loud that all might hear , “ poor barrois has led too <unk> a life of late ; accustomed formerly to ride on horseback , or in the carriage , to the four corners of europe , the monotonous walk around that armchair has killed <unk> blood has <unk> . about to shine , when suddenly the door was thrown open and harrison appeared in the doorway , accompanied by a man enveloped in a large cloak . gentlemen , ” said athos . be carried on openly . ” chamber , for our life	168.1325225830078
is not an idle one . ” ” he to himself , “ be a man . say , sir ; if you wish to learn more , address yourself to m. de boville , the inspector of prisons , no . , that you have penetrated into the darkness of the past , and that you have read , by the light of what torch i know not , every page of my life ; but perhaps i may be more honorable in my shame than you under your pompous <unk> . , i hope , young man , as your life . ” what has passed . sir , ” was monte cristo ’ s response , in a tone and with an emphasis so deep	75.74284362792969
that villefort involuntarily shuddered . of the sentinels guarding the hôtel de ville , which is next door to the bell and bottle , it had been stated by others that a number of travellers had arrived during the night . to the project gutenberg™ license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work . planchet , “ let us thank the queen . to reassure himself , that this pavilion perhaps had nothing in common with mme . ” resumed the abbess , “ monsieur cardinal has perhaps plausible motives for acting thus ; and though she has the look of an angel , we must not always judge people by the appearance . ” him ,	169.80848693847656
but without success . ” reason of both , and i trust to your goodness to pardon me . the failure of our plan to come up here , love . ” ” replied milady . resounded in the pavilion , and a woman came to the window , and opened it , as if to throw herself out of it ; but as soon as she perceived the other two men , she fell back and they went into the chamber . monsieur ? ” pleasure of the surprise . ” had most to do with was some minutes before he could speak , so i took advantage of his silence to walk off . ” , in front of the tower of <unk> , was a	68.47534942626953
ship bearing on her stern these words , printed in white letters , “ the _pharaon_ , morrel & son , of <unk> ” she was the exact <unk> of the other _pharaon_ , and loaded , as that had been , with <unk> and indigo . what illustrious visitor was expected , and had consequently sent intruders out of the way . the usurper , then ? ’ of his eyes , fingers placed upon the lips , little assassinating smiles , which really did assassinate the <unk> beauty . three members to accompany him , and got into the carriage with the general after <unk> his eyes . jove ! ” cried porthos , with a laugh that shook the windows . ‘ oh , it	165.16281127929688
can not be expected that one of so stern a character as m. villefort could lavish the tenderness some fathers do on their daughters . completely taken by surprise and had mounted the stairs in such utter confusion , when once seated he recovered himself , as it were , and prepared to seize any possible opportunity of escape . , which gave him the appearance of a respectable citizen . conclusion . ? ” asked eugénie , rising . just as he formerly used to take up the stones from the road , and threw them out of the house . ” most german and the least gascon accent possible . he , “ i may require to go in one night from paris to tréport ;	159.06167602539062
let eight fresh horses be in readiness on the road , which will enable me to go fifty leagues in ten hours . ” the prince ’ s return , some citizens , <unk> than the rest , such as the <unk> , captains and the quartermaster , went from house to house among their friends , saying : ? ” said athos . poet , i beg of you . ” much like another in this magnificent <unk> . to ask , sir ; he spoke elegantly , although i thought from his accent he was an englishman . ” , with m. de villefort , who <unk> him already as one of the family . ” home in thoughtful mood , finding a somewhat lively pleasure	106.08749389648438
in carrying mazarin ’ s bag of money and thinking of that fine diamond which he had once called his own and which he had seen on the minister ’ s finger that night . rage . replied monte cristo ; “ your father , major bartolomeo cavalcanti. ” the expression of terror which , for the moment , had overspread the features of the young man , had now disappeared . , the count of morcerf pointed to a chair , while he seated himself in another opposite the window . disappointed in his expectation . and threw it into the hand of the coachman . conversing in the obscurity . ” said lord de winter , “ after having played comedy , after having played tragedy	87.4937744140625
, we are now playing melancholy ? ” is dying , and he wants to confess to the coadjutor , who , they say , has power to remit great sins . ” you—i recognize you ! ” exclaimed the king ’ s attorney ; “ you are—— ” ” , ” replied dantès . with you , shun it , were it with a child of ten years old . said ; “ at the end of yonder corridor is a door , of which i have the key , it leads into the park . is struggling in the convulsions of death , a vulture is flying by ( there are a good many vultures in adelmonte ’ s country ) ; this bird darts on	128.40359497070312
the dead fowl , and carries it away to a rock , where it dines off its prey . declare , d ’ artagnan , i think it of much more consequence than the little piece of waste paper you have so <unk> slipped into your bosom . ” stronger , and more <unk> barrier was interposed to cut off the realization of their hopes . father ! ” said andrea in a loud voice , in order that the count might hear him in the next room , “ is it really you ? ” about fifty francs ... ... .. ... ... . 50 . that avowal now and then , i can endure anything . ” however , by accident , as he said ,	137.6259002685547
and had carried the maiden off . my lord ? those whose interest it is to see them pass over . there was a proper proportion in his sentiments toward the governor of the prison and the <unk> the subordinate and the master . a case one <unk> ” porthos , “ this is my <unk> ” , and awoke mad . ” work you must have needed <unk> you any ? ” , who was waiting for him . to rome ? ” exclaimed emmanuel . valentine , motioning to morrel to sit down near her grandfather , while she took her seat on his <unk> , — “ now let us talk about our own affairs . ” , monsieur , and tomorrow i will set	88.07221221923828
out . ” and ringing were redoubled . aramis ; “ knowest thou not , then , mordaunt ? books , i am satisfied with my food , and do not care to walk about ; but i wish to see the governor . ” said caderousse . extremity of the village ; during the drive night had set in , and darkness gave the surroundings the artificial appearance of a scene on the stage . again , ” said château-renaud ; “ pray have compassion upon me , and do not take up every word i say . ” ! ” cried the baron , “ i shall never console myself . ” find it , ” he cried ; “ you may pretend he is not	80.59581756591797
here , but i _will_ find him , though i dig forever ! ” another . electronically , the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund . ” replied raoul . ! ” he cried ; “ <unk> <unk> <unk> ! ” of the iron step of the hackney-coach , then the coachman ’ s voice , and then the rolling of the heavy vehicle shook the windows . . ” expedition we surely ought to have brought our muskets . ” come ? ” said he . pale lips of mercédès ; the old man sank into a chair . caderousse , “ no ; i will not repent	93.2435073852539
. and live happily and long . speak of them , have you not , my friend ? ” are perfected , i will communicate my plans to you . ” terrible accusation has disordered your reason . to be at a considerable distance , perhaps on account of the darkness of the night , which prevented any object from being more than partially discerned . voice , ” said he , “ and mademoiselle eugénie a splendid <unk> , and then she plays the piano like <unk> . in the hat . ” i have forgotten , or rather , never knew well , ‘ the thunderbolt never falls on the valleys , ’ and i am a valley , dear rochefort , —one of the <unk>	135.41586303710938
of the low . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ to treat the guests god sends you in a more courteous fashion . ” half a woman ? ” said m. d ’ avrigny , “ show yourself a man ; as an interpreter of the law , do honor to your profession by sacrificing your selfish interests to it . ” and therein found his advantage . extended ; then , striking his forehead , he exclaimed : he , “ up to this <unk> it is now more than four-and-twenty years since i received the direction of this house from my father , who had himself conducted it for five-and-thirty <unk> has anything bearing the signature of morrel & son been dishonored .	120.87366485595703
” and what despair are , and i never make a jest of such feelings . witness had seen me draw the water from that fountain , and had taken advantage of my confidence in it , the better to assure my ruin , so coolly resolved upon , so cruelly pursued . he believed they both proceeded from poison ; and you , honest man , have ever since been asking your heart and <unk> your conscience to know if you ought to expose or conceal this secret . monte cristo ; “ i told you i did not wish to be behind my time ; i dressed myself in the carriage , and descended at the viscount ’ s <unk> ” the young men looked at	145.0560760498047
each other ; they did not know if it was a comedy monte cristo was playing , but every word he uttered had such an air of simplicity , that it was impossible to suppose what he said was <unk> , why should he tell a falsehood ? service , my lord . ” , ” exclaimed porthos . ; that is a matter of course , my dear m. cavalcanti . in the ante-chamber with impatience , till he should be conducted to them . ” returned julie , “ it is treason in my brother to bring you thus , but he never has any regard for his poor sister . ” said monte cristo , “ you should not talk thus ! work ; and	70.34785461425781
as they were loading the last musket grimaud announced that the breakfast was ready . only woman he could have loved was mme . , is in the chateau ? ” expect from the brother of a capuchin monk , brought up in the school of cardinal richelieu ? pity ! told you to invite me to appear with these studs ? ” an agreeable proposition to them all , and it was therefore agreed that each should leave a very exact address and that upon the request of any of the associates a meeting should be convoked at a famous eating house in the rue de la monnaie , of the sign of the hermitage . hand . ” and slow step , for he dreaded lest	188.70541381835938
an accident similar to that he had so <unk> feigned should happen in reality . what design m. de monte cristo purchased a house at auteuil ? ” mean ? ” asked the countess . here a fortnight , and pays for what he drinks , i shall soon <unk> my business . ” strange one , ” continued athos , laughing . can be she , ” said he . into this to occupy me . that famous country of giants into which <unk> afterward went and was so frightened ; and yet he had not gained the goal , for there were still the landing place and the antechamber . my friend , fall from heaven . ” ’ clock danglars had remained in his study	113.19156646728516
, <unk> his dispatches , and becoming more and more sad every minute , <unk> figure upon figure , and receiving , among other visits , one from major cavalcanti , who , as stiff and exact as ever , presented himself precisely at the hour named the night before , to terminate his business with the banker . suit . somewhere ; you can say you were needlessly alarmed ; you can turn their suspicions and save my life ! ” leagues out of rome when daylight began to disappear . ” resumed the king . man was about to relapse into melancholy , “ let us go out , albert , ” said he ; “ a ride in the wood in the phaeton , or	151.87632751464844
on horseback , will refresh you ; we will then return to breakfast , and you shall attend to your affairs , and i to mine . ” de guiche restrained the intense desire he had of breaking the monk ’ s bones . ” aramis , “ he has not seen us . to the end , my lord . exclaimed in her softest and most <unk> manner . ” said d ’ artagnan to himself . rejoin us as soon as you can . ” . hundred thousand livres . ” but though he nearly broke the cord no one answered . . , i was at the church of saint-philippe-du-roule , and for two hours i prayed most fervently . sir , that prosperity has	92.40016174316406
spoiled me ? ” us understand each other , ” returned athos , seriously . the affairs of the day ; athos could not therefore have chosen a more inauspicious moment to speak of his <unk> atoms , lost in that raging whirlwind . storm is over , ’ said he . , ” answered the man , “ to help you in taking care of your prisoners . ” eminence ’ s service , as well as monsieur du vallon , one of my old friends , who used to conceal his nobility under the name of porthos . ” evidence of terror , for notwithstanding the friendly adieu of his eminence , they plainly perceived that the cardinal went away with rage in his heart .	94.67729187011719
natural a manner that d ’ artagnan was shaken in his conviction . signor pastrini , that i shall not believe one word of what you are going to tell us ; having told you this , begin . of old age , but of grief ; it appears that since the death of the marquis , which affected her very deeply , she has not completely recovered her reason . ” apartment . these plans were the same concerning which the count had dropped a few words in the grotto of monte cristo , and while the count was speaking the young man watched him closely , hoping to read something of his purpose in his face , but his countenance was inscrutable especially when , as	96.17718505859375
in the present case , it was veiled in a <unk> smile . then , madame , to act more <unk> . ” , duke , to me , for i know now what confidence to place in them . . of lens . ? ” asked the monk . and was gazing on his dead relative with an expression of <unk> hatred . d ’ artagnan ; and taking out his handkerchief , he gagged him . mother , as a child , saw her . easier , dantès ’ pains appeared to increase in violence . said monte cristo ; “ tell me , is not her father baron danglars ? ” as you are able , only make haste ; think , my dear girl	74.56048583984375
, it ’ s life and death ! ” porthos , brightening , “ that ’ s well as regards my horse ; but i must have the appointments complete , as they include objects which a musketeer alone can purchase , and which will not amount , besides , to more than three hundred livres . ” time , he was fifty paces from where he had first sunk . towards monte cristo , but , suddenly stopping , “ edmond , ” said she , “ there is a god above us , since you live and since i have seen you again ; i trust to him from my heart . ” the two men communicated with one another ; how long they did so	103.39745330810547
, nobody knows . , am i not ? the goodness to tell me , in the first place , what crimes are imputed to me , i will then tell him the deeds i have really done . ” edmond ; “ can it be ? ” is not the exterior i care for , it is the interior . my lord , that <unk> is an organized body , a kind of association of those who have nothing against those who have everything ; an association in which every one takes his share ; one that <unk> a leader ? ” xxviii . , ” said mordaunt , “ his commands are not to be disputed . he , “ will you come ? ” ,	106.2861328125
” said groslow . ” habit of calling his master ’ s daughter “ mademoiselle julie , ” and had never been able to change the name to madame herbault . struck the hour . it , my lord . ” on my way to the chamber . ” de villefort ’ s voice was heard calling from his study , “ what is the matter ? ” about eighteen years of age , but he was scarcely taller than raoul , who was only fifteen . some elevated place , whence a given signal may be seen in every part of paris . ” solemn , and terrible in the count ’ s manner . will go . ” hunger . ” ; but when seeing her	68.41519927978516
so lovely and her brother so pious , nobody thought of asking whence they came . and began to hunt over the island with the air of a man who is fulfilling a duty , rather than enjoying a pleasure ; and at the end of a quarter of an hour he had killed a goat and two kids . handsome cavalier led her back to the place whence he had taken her , and where luigi awaited her . sure , i have not answered you ; be satisfied , we shall have this ‘ lion ’ ; we are among the privileged ones . ” a reasonable being , lucien , and who knows how little dependence is to be placed on the news , since	161.5171661376953
you are at the <unk> , surely you ought to prevent it , ” said morcerf , with a smile . as much when the wretch kept moving around the room . ” said porthos , placing his hand on his heart , and pressing it strongly . ” towards him ? fellow , magnificent ! to the queen to entreat her to return to paris ; but she not only declined to receive the deputies , but sent an intimation by chancellor seguier , <unk> that if the parliament did not humble itself before her majesty by <unk> all the questions that had been the cause of the quarrel , paris would be besieged the very next day . sooner see you again , my dear father	97.21080780029297
, ” replied the young man . , ” replied the astonished landlady . said athos , “ while they bring the wine , tell me , d ’ artagnan , what has become of the others , come ! ” , by loading the antechambers , staircases , and <unk> with flowers . ? ” asked felton , whose looks became excited . a question : where are the <unk> ? ” gallantry and love affairs . remained alone . men the englishman started and advanced a step ; then restrained himself , and retired into the farthest and most obscure corner of the apartment . noirtier , ” interposed maximilian , “ is celebrated throughout europe ; he was a statesman of high standing , and	103.43315124511719
you may or may not know , valentine , that he took a leading part in every bonapartist conspiracy set on foot during the restoration of the bourbons . ” has contracted . ” ! ” said m. de tréville ; “ and how the devil did you escape ? ” ” asked the count , impatiently . to-morrow at stuart ’ s , the next day with me . ” two of these frenchmen when they were only guilty of fighting for charles i . the step you are taking . ” website which has the main pg search facility : www.gutenberg.org . no more friends , ” said the young man . and looked aghast at each other . the poor abbé , shivering as though	129.71734619140625
his veins were filled with ice . with blue feathers , a surtout of <unk> velvet , fastened with diamond clasps , and a petticoat of blue satin , embroidered with silver . on having arrived so <unk> . replied he , smiling , “ of those who buried <unk> , and were interred with the corpse . ” sum he was as well lodged , and as perfectly shut out from observation , as the inhabitants of the finest mansion in the faubourg st. germain . ’ artagnan , the other porthos . , and we may reach the palazzo by two o ’ clock . . , athos , for what you have done . outside the walls ? ” said the count . . i	87.17536163330078
suppose you heard haydée ’ s guzla ; the poor exile frequently <unk> a weary hour in playing over to me the airs of her native land . ” and the other half in bank-notes , if you please , ” said the count , rising from his seat . cook , and he is not to be my heir ; i have full and perfect confidence in him . the neighborhood ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . the house where i had dwelt . what are you proposing ? ” , and was almost as feverish as the night had been , but it brought reason to the aid of imagination , and dantès was then enabled to arrange a plan which had hitherto been vague	115.08322143554688
and <unk> in his brain . sent for him , and i then explained to him what i wished to procure . ” whispered the poor mercer . what had taken place , and aramis , not less distrustful than he , had increased his suspicions . a <unk> to fall into your hands , he would be most welcome . ” some clew . ” very simple , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i expected this letter . ! murmured , “ none of my enemies would have waited so patiently and laboriously for so long a space of time , that they might now come and crush me with this secret . must admire moriani ’ s style and execution . ” at st.	92.6943359375
<unk> spot where such as were condemned at the bastille were <unk> was near fainting and crossed himself twice . from the chamber of milady into that of the maid , and quick as lightning , he <unk> to the door , and placed all his weight against it , while kitty pushed the bolts . prince , laughing , “ i thought we should come to that . corner of the carriage , began to examine with a feverish anxiety every house they passed . as if he had seen him that same morning ; only , when pressing his hand a little more warmly than usual , he informed him that the company of dessessart was on duty at the louvre , and that he might	125.4385757446289
repair at once to his post . table , but it was more to examine the admirable emerald than to see the pills that it passed from hand to hand . and he hates him ; we are consequently not friends . ” said comminges , “ as i was <unk> the young man for whom you have asked , he approached the glass door of the gallery , and gazed intently upon some object , doubtless the picture by raphael , which is opposite the door . ? ” said debray to franz . condition . for a doctor ? ” that as i did not then know his eminence , if i had been able to dispense with the visit , i should have been enchanted	96.0416259765625
. ” do we start ? ” ” asked andrea . again , nearer and more distinct . blangy , and from blangy to neufchâtel . sir ? ” , sir , since you bid me contemplate , for the advantage of my pride , this terrible spectacle , which must have been so great a source of sorrow to your family . ” said the count , “ you have procured me windows looking on the piazza del popolo , as i ordered you yesterday . ” the carriage as if to bid her adieu , and she was to take away mme . , and lasts a minute . ” there one ? ” his return , sent the twelve bottles of wine to the refreshment	87.92987060546875
room of the guards , with strict orders that great care should be taken of it ; and then , on the day appointed , as the dinner was fixed for midday d ’ artagnan sent planchet at nine in the morning to assist in preparing everything for the entertainment . in the presence of the circe who had before surrounded him with her <unk> . said she . for a hundred paces around . he darted down the rue matignon , and thence to the avenue des champs-élysées . ” said mazarin , “ i think it must please me best to remain ; not only on account of my own interest , but for your safety . ” louvre had so large a court ; but	96.37435913085938
this crowd represented chiefly the second class of nobility , while the prince de conti , the duc de beaufort and the coadjutor assembled around them the first nobility of france . in one of these , and we shall be in peace . ” home , i will give up all . said just now ? ’ he returned a sign in the negative . aramis . the incarceration of the poor man . who are unjust , maximilian , ” cried valentine ; “ but there is one thing i wish to know . ” , where the road was confined between two high banks , they fell in with eight or ten men who , taking advantage of the road being <unk> in this spot	89.07664489746094
, appeared to be employed in digging holes and filling up the <unk> with mud . has arrived when you must answer me . you , kitty ? presume , have decided to assert your pretensions <unk> <unk> ? ” man in such a state could say ; but they both assured me that it was a jest they were carrying on , and perfectly harmless . ” , dear aramis , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ tell me how the devil you managed to alight upon the back of planchet ’ s horse . ” i beseech you . i did not feel myself sufficiently prepared for ordination , and at my request the ceremony was postponed for a year . least three men who	99.61849975585938
will not betray you . name ? ” you stupid fellow ! ” said the young man ; “ i am d ’ artagnan ; don ’ t you know me ? joy , to seek his comrades , whom he had left only half an hour before , but whom he found very sad and deeply preoccupied . came down . ” it was just after this that you spoiled everything . ” write , sir . very hungry , ” replied mouston . to change . ” business , if we please , in an hour , for i have received a letter from m. delaunay , in which he offers to purchase the good-will of the house , to unite with his own , for	66.63463592529297
300,000 francs . anything , mr. procureur ? ” asked benedetto , with his most ingratiating smile . the fable , he could not sleep for thinking of his treasure . not have stopped our fiery young man if the host had not reflected that the <unk> which his guest made was perfectly just . people , then a constitution , then liberty . ’ artagnan so satisfactory that he no further insisted ; and about eight o ’ clock in the evening , the time when the <unk> of night begin to thicken in the streets , he left the hotel de la chevrette , and followed by planchet set forth from the capital by way of the saint denis gate . every one followed her .	152.6001434326172
gentlemen . your help : that is i thought like a madman that you could lend me your assistance in a case where god alone can succor me . ” then , at once . ” dear d ’ artagnan , have been so , but nature said ‘ no. ’ when i am in the <unk> , if by chance a pretty woman looks at me , i look at her again : if she smiles , i smile too . appears . . any doubt that the cardinal had been carried off by the three prisoners , since the prisoners had disappeared at the same time ; and he had hastened to saint germain to warn the queen of that disappearance . live ! ” doubtless	114.72943115234375
be surprised at my reserve , and i assure you it costs me much to act in such a manner towards you ; but , believe me when i say that imperative necessity has imposed the painful task upon me . ” the wind and rain , he fell into the deep , sweet sleep of utter exhaustion . the floor , and the softest and most inviting <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> , offered their <unk> and yielding cushions to such as desired repose or refreshment . madame de saint-méran was in a feverish sleep , and the notary had arrived . of the unfortunate man whom you left at the inn and who died in my arms . ” son would be very <unk> situated	147.27540588378906
. ” and entered the breakfast-room . from it by the door , but by the window ; one doesn ’ t descend here by the marble steps of a peristyle , but by the branches of a <unk> ; and the angel with a flaming sword who guards this <unk> seems to have changed his celestial name of <unk> into that of the more terrestrial one of the prince de marsillac . ” my place . ” artagnan drew kitty quietly away , and slipped into the chamber . monsieur . ” the first ; the same nervous movements were repeated , and the mouth contracted and turned purple . ” athos , turning to comminges and giving him politely his sword by the hilt , “	119.9411392211914
here is my sword ; have the kindness to keep it safely for me until i quit my prison . come here , my dear , ” said d ’ artagnan , <unk> himself in an easy chair ; “ come , and let me tell you that you are the prettiest _soubrette_ i ever saw ! ” the <unk> was formidable . hill the count dismounted and began to ascend by a little winding path , about eighteen inches wide ; when he reached the summit he found himself stopped by a hedge , upon which green fruit had succeeded to red and white flowers . regiment of <unk> , which the coadjutor had not been able to <unk> in spite of all his efforts , threw	136.77365112304688
itself into the midst of the parisian forces , put them into confusion and re-entered charenton flying . her secret , her terrible <unk> secret she concealed even from her maid with such care , the secret of which all the world was ignorant , except himself . be captain one must do a little flattery to one ’ s patrons . ” father ’ s room , followed by madame de villefort . aramis received the following letter : execution was , in the eyes of the people , only the commencement of the carnival . i have suffered , ” said mme . , your excellency ! ” cried the steward , struck with terror at this threat , “ if that is the only reason	129.66064453125
i can not remain in your service , i will tell all , for if i quit you , it will only be to go to the scaffold . ” three days . ” . ” dried sticks and branches with which they made a fire . those comrades of the guards of m. dessessart and the company of musketeers of m. de tréville who had been accustomed to associate together . at the hôtel de <unk> , at brussels . midday . dies , ” repeated monte cristo , moving his head slightly up and down . noisy in the day , for fear of being recognized ; he had therefore plenty of time before him , for noisy is only three or four leagues from paris	90.62374114990234
, on the road to meaux . decision and action that characterized his enemies and resolved to act with reference to that . mme . ” said morcerf , “ i thank you sincerely for having used so much candor towards me , and i gratefully accept the exclusion which you propose . in particular , these signs were so strong in d ’ artagnan and his two friends that they could not remain quiet in one place , and wandered about like ghosts on the road by which planchet was expected . monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” said raoul , “ you are such a brave gentleman and the comte de la fere has so much affection for you ! ” till five franz and albert	105.31513214111328
followed in the _fête_ , exchanging handfuls of <unk> with the other carriages and the pedestrians , who crowded amongst the horses ’ feet and the carriage wheels without a single accident , a single dispute , or a single fight . danglars , “ since we can not leave this port for the next three months , let us hope that ere the expiration of that period dantès will be set at liberty . ” up . , women are singular creatures . franz , “ anything new ? —do they refuse ? ” my enemy i have sympathy for him , and if he is reasonable perhaps we shall arrange matters . ” room the young man was carelessly stretched on a sofa , tapping his	172.2078399658203
boot with the <unk> cane which he held in his hand . time to <unk> , and then all of a sudden <unk> up events which have been forgotten to furnish materials for scandal , in order to tarnish the lustre of our high position . to mention this name to his eminence and to bring me word whether he will receive <unk> or no . ” , you will lose a very curious sight , ” returned the count . your eminence ready ? ” , to excuse if you find anything in me too turkish , too italian , or too arabian . said , “ your receipt is money . ” man , who had disappeared as if by enchantment . such was the case	117.13868713378906
. going to marry their daughter—— ” full gallop ; the prince is with <unk> ! feverish or delirious tonight , but thoroughly awake ; midnight is striking , which is the hour murderers choose . ” you , gentlemen , can i not ? ” , when milady appeared to have resumed her self-possession , which she had never lost ; when felton had seen her recover with the veil of chastity those treasures of love which were only concealed from him to make him desire them the more ardently , he said , “ ah , now ! have been his mistress , madame ! ” cried milady , in her turn . athos . all you want , and that we understand each other ,	140.7789306640625
jump down from the tilbury and disappear . ” not prevent his asking , with the greatest coolness , after his majesty ’ s health . the perspiration start forth upon his brow . , i even gain something by it , for i no longer see that wicked smile of yours . a heart that he can not understand hatred ; is so loyal that he does not suspect treason ! said athos , “ am returning to bragelonne . the king and the cardinal , and how he likes ; but the queen is sacred , and if anyone speaks of her , let it be respectfully . ” offer her my services ? ” thought he . notice two windows hung with yellow damask ,	155.5965576171875
and one with white damask with a red cross ? that you will find the cardinal where you leave him . ” time of the other cardinal , who was a great nobleman ; but our <unk> ! and the voices died away in the distance ; the noise of the door , with its creaking hinges and bolts ceased , and a silence more sombre than that of solitude ensued , —the silence of death , which was <unk> , and struck its icy chill to the very soul of dantès . from ? ” ” said albert . witnesses with you when you go to <unk> him alone . ” manner of woman it was for whom to-day you call me to account . thanks !	128.0574493408203
her husband and took one of his hands in hers , julie still lay with her head on his shoulder , emmanuel stood in the centre of the chamber and seemed to form the link between morrel ’ s family and the sailors at the door . this the apartment of an honest mother ? married ? ” door and the window . of these beans , cousin porthos ? ” said mme . give it up , then , ” said the young woman , sighing . , do not forget , if any harm happens to me on your account , that i have a wife and four children . ” private staircase communicating with the sleeping apartment . by a single word ; go ,	92.43431854248047
i will rejoin you . ” judge or to the husband ? ” stammered madame de villefort . that evening . i thank you for the horse you have brought me . ” but will not prevent my walking . ” ” answered the abbé , “ man is but man after all , and you are about the best specimen of the <unk> i have ever known . in , ” said mazarin , arranging his <unk> , so that he might receive the visitor sitting up in bed . the procurator after having passed through the antechamber in which the clerks were , and the study in which they ought to have been . pride , all the passions in short that dispute the heart of	79.7287826538086
an outraged woman in love , urged her to make a revelation ; but she reflected that she would be totally lost if she confessed having assisted in such a <unk> , and above all , that d ’ artagnan would also be lost to her forever . ” ) seen aramis ? ” said athos , turning on d ’ artagnan a searching look . ; i restrain myself . the allées de meilhan , no . ? ” fell dead ; the rest of the troop took to flight . hope and fear , the clock struck ten . he , “ what now ? d ’ artagnan , “ let us still be musketeers , and let us retain as our <unk> that famous napkin	105.20877838134766
of the bastion st. gervais , on which the great cardinal had three fleurs-de-lis embroidered . ” announce to you the departure of my messenger . ” , young man , with your hand upon your conscience , how did all this come to pass ? ” the previous evening . the room , shut the door , and waited in the corridor , the soldier ’ s half-pike in his hand , and as if he had mounted guard in his place . , penetrated into the room through the window , the curtains of which raoul had neglected to close on the previous evening . yours ? ” eminence with greatest attention , ” replied a female voice which made the musketeer start . ? ”	83.89678955078125
, sir , thank you , monsieur broussel , ” said friquet ; “ i am so fond of apricots ! ” you for the sacrifice , ” said aramis ; “ but if your body be not greatly benefited by it , be assured your soul will . ” , express from rome , to ask you for information . ” them too little for you not to divine them . ” more lively with each successive step ; their nostrils reddened like glowing <unk> . his intentions ; but albert had great projects to put into execution before going to the theatre ; and instead of making any answer , he inquired if signor pastrini could procure him a tailor . indeed lost a son ;	158.71180725097656
but—— ” the smile which was so peculiar to him , and which in its numerous <unk> served to express every varied emotion of his mind . the <unk> we have seen bonacieux undergo . about them . ” arrival a small yacht was under trial in the bay ; this yacht had been built by order of an englishman , who , having heard that the genoese excelled all other <unk> along the shores of the mediterranean in the construction of <unk> vessels , was desirous of possessing a specimen of their skill ; the price agreed upon between the englishman and the genoese builder was forty thousand francs . of twenty-five or twenty-six years , with dark hair , blue eyes , and a nose slightly	187.74757385253906
turned up , admirable teeth , and a complexion <unk> with rose and <unk> . them by the sight of the round tower , fort <unk> , the city hall designed by <unk> the port with its <unk> quays , where they had both played in childhood , and it was with one accord that they stopped on the canebière . cried caderousse , drawing from his waistcoat an open knife , and striking the count in the breast , “ you shall disclose nothing , reverend sir ! ” puritan to a frightful extent , ” said aramis . of the letter : put out of the way there , then ; it is , indeed , the bagdad and <unk> of the _thousand and one nights_	135.1011199951172
. , the count ? ” noirtier . to you . ” to cover a great deal of ground without exciting suspicion . more eloquent than my life , and the silence of the corpse will convince you much better than the words of the prisoner . ” leave of absence . ” said the district doctor , “ is a good italian abbé , who lives next door to you . be pressed ; when pressed , they will confess everything . exclaimed cromwell . as a separate passage led to the first floor , in which d ’ artagnan lodged , those who called on him were exempted from this detention . the hashish is beginning its work . morrel ; “ who is your second	109.3915786743164
witness ? ” in this unconscious state i know not , when i was suddenly aroused by the report of a pistol , followed by a fearful cry . , rejoiced , ” said andrea . , nevertheless . ” the attention of franz was attracted by the actors ; and his eyes turned from the box containing the greek girl and her strange companion to watch the business of the stage . , yes , ” replied athos , with the same courtesy ; “ what is there we can do for you ? ” so sure of his being the winner of the jockey club prize ? ” gave an air of such extreme probability to this statement that it never once occurred to jacopo to	122.0967025756836
doubt its accuracy . has been avenged . own affairs , gentlemen , and let france settle matters as she will with me , ” resumed mazarin . i did my duty . the count , “ yes . ” to be made marechal of france ! ” room . common gray blouse and velvet cap , but his carefully arranged hair , beard and moustache , all of the richest and <unk> black , ill accorded with his plebeian attire . my son from them , with yourself . his course . . . signed , returned the pen to the notary . ” secrecy and had disclosed the event to no one except the prince de condé , who had sent five or six hundred horsemen	146.25909423828125
into the environs of saint germain with orders to bring in any suspicious person who was going away from rueil , in whatsoever direction it might be . ’ s exactly like me ! we do now , gentlemen ? ” cried athos . the queen to the superior , and i bring back the dear treasure i go to <unk> into lorraine , not into belgium , but to paris , where she will be much better concealed , particularly while the cardinal is at la rochelle . a friend has sent to second me in everything . ones , ” returned monte cristo . look at m. de villefort , and then ask me for proofs . ” . , perhaps , hoped for something ;	133.48817443847656
but when she saw the careless bow of debray , and the glance by which it was accompanied , together with his significant silence , she raised her head , and without passion or violence or even hesitation , ran downstairs , <unk> to address a last farewell to one who could thus part from her . did you not ? ” said aramis , with his soft , <unk> voice , “ remember that i will roast you at a slow fire , like a savage . ” , who is not quite well , ” replied madame de villefort , no longer being able to avoid answering . notary to be sent for then ? ” said valentine . and am , monsieur , with great	90.91889190673828
respect , i name you captain of my musketeers , that they should assassinate a man , disturb a whole quarter , and endeavor to set fire to paris , without your saying a word ? the parties concerned gained by that treaty : you speak like theology personified . my god , my head swims ! ? if you ever need me you know that i am entirely devoted to you. ” thereupon aramis had given him a clasp of the hand and had disappeared under the arcades . was taken , according to your orders , to the baron danglars , rue de la chaussée d ’ antin , no . gentlemen , dress yourselves . ” well enough as the production of a human composer	170.43603515625
, sung by <unk> bipeds , to quote the late diogenes . ” medici , after the <unk> of saint bartholomew : ‘ how have i played my little part ? ’ ” two o ’ clock ask leave to make up a game at tennis with la ramee and let him send two or three balls over the ramparts . ” blacas , i must change your armorial bearings ; i will give you an eagle with outstretched wings , holding in its claws a prey which tries in vain to escape , and bearing this <unk> . ” , count , ” said julie , “ will you permit us to express to you all that the other day—— ” pride in being considered a past	161.71475219726562
master therein . to camp he should re-enter slavery ; nevertheless , he did return . his nature , my dear d ’ artagnan . know , ” he said , “ an idea , a supposition , is sufficient . ” his audacity , perfectly stupefied me . secret ? into which i had fallen appeared so strange that i believed myself dreaming . that ? ” of water in the ocean . ” ’ clock by albert ’ s watch when the two friends entered into the <unk> . d ’ artagnan , “ that matters little . 60,000 pouches and 200 barrels ; the pouches contained <unk> of money in gold , and the barrels were filled with 30,000 pounds of gunpowder . and beauchamp	122.51111602783203
read , with more attention than at first , the lines denounced by his friend . you , all three , that had the executioner of <unk> he not of bethune ? —yes , egad ! if that is her reason , ” said albert , “ but one thing i do know , that if this marriage be consummated , it will render her quite miserable . tasted of a slightly bitter flavor , like that of dried <unk> ? ” he would not come up . ” fine doings , if you do not take care . ” the cardinal , in an indifferent tone , “ the only thing to be sought for at this moment is some woman , handsome , young , and	117.11858367919922
clever , who has cause of quarrel with the duke . for the queen . , and eugénie is only seventeen ; but the two months expire next week . in the preservation of these two existences ! ” said d ’ artagnan . not ask you to tell me , ” said mazarin , astounded by this returning courage . door , but it was locked inside ; then i called the sergeant . ” wont to complete ourselves each by all the rest and to depend on one another for assistance , as one calls his other hand to aid the first , i looked around instinctively to see if porthos was there ; for i had seen you , aramis , with the king ,	113.30728912353516
and you , count , i knew would be under the scaffold , and for that reason i forgive you , ” he added , offering athos his hand , “ for you must have suffered much . poor vulture , which has been very much indisposed since that dinner , suddenly feels very giddy while flying aloft in the clouds , and falls heavily into a <unk> . two or three thousand crowns a year in this amusement ? be ? ” send you this jewel ? ” to the left . of a large room , in which an old stove had just been replaced by a large and excellent chimney . , is dead , ” said morrel . ” answered dantès ; “ don	130.01756286621094
’ t imagine i am going to put you off in that shabby manner . cried with a smile of satisfaction . means displeased you ? part , i shall go to bed , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ come , porthos . ” generous , neither does he possess that supernatural penetration which you attribute to him , for if he did , he would have perceived that i was unhappy ; and if he had been generous , seeing me sad and solitary , he would have used his influence to my advantage , and since , as you say , he resembles the sun , he would have warmed my heart with one of his <unk> rays . the captain , “ i	75.90948486328125
make but one bargain ; and i have agreed with this young man that the other five hundred shall not be due to me till we arrive at boulogne . ” she , withdrawing it <unk> “ no , my friend , touch me not . , dear grandpapa , ” said she , endeavoring to smile ; “ it is <unk> is nothing ; i was giddy , that is all . ” , my dear monsieur mousqueton , but i pardon you , only let us remember that this gold must serve us as a joke , so be <unk> along . ” monsieur , i thought there would be still time , if you wish , to see monsieur de cavois to contradict me by	92.48867797851562
saying you were not yet gone . , albert , but perhaps you may be blinded by pride or resentment ; if you refuse me , if you ask another for what i have a right to offer you , i will say it is <unk> of you to refuse the life of your mother at the hands of a man whose father was allowed by your father to die in all the horrors of poverty and despair . ” be the first gentleman of his kingdom , the queen was without doubt the most beautiful woman in france . mother , and do not yield too much to <unk> ” and albert , rising , kissed his mother on both cheeks , then stood looking at her	88.88092041015625
. at the door looking after porthos with a mournful gaze , when the baron , after walking scarcely more than twenty paces , <unk> <unk> his forehead with his finger and exclaimed : had heard the evening before in the ruins of the colosseum . . ” knot for ? ” thought dantès . inherits nothing from his mother , will , therefore , be poor in comparison with me . with paltry means . ” i can not go to rome ; if i became pope i could not continue to be prime minister ; and it is only by continuing prime minister that i can make monsieur d ’ artagnan a captain and monsieur du vallon a baron . ” speak , ” said d	117.22669219970703
’ artagnan , who instinctively scented something advantageous . a moment ; i must start for paris again immediately . ” velvet fell in graceful folds from his shoulders , <unk> in front the splendid baldric , from which was suspended a gigantic rapier . : you know that i have had a quarrel with a certain gentleman , who has given me an appointment for this evening in the place royale . ” said the duke , and as he spoke , lowered the cane almost level with the ground ; “ pistache , my friend , jump for the ‘ illustrious coxcomb , mazarin de <unk> . ’ ” <unk> vampire of the salle argentina ! ” was time that idea came into porthos ’ s	149.10923767089844
head . the first to avail themselves of this permission . <unk> and <unk> in the streets find some pitying hand to cast them a mouthful of bread ; and that a man , a christian , should be allowed to perish of hunger in the midst of other men who call themselves christians , is too horrible for belief . fancied she saw him in a brilliant cloud , all surrounded by duchesses and <unk> , who cast bags of money at his feet . porthos , “ let us hear what he says . ” , but he wishes to speak to you . ” them that you have full confidence in me , and they will not be more incredulous than you . ” de	104.38481140136719
saint-méran related to mademoiselle de villefort ? ” said the count . but la ramee was an old stager , acquainted with all the traps a prisoner was likely to set . strange to him , and he called a second and third time ; still no answer . heard near the rue saint denis and occasionally church bells began to ring <unk> and at the caprice of the populace . , all uttered an exclamation of <unk> inhaled with delight the breeze that floated in . , do not serve as a conductor between that man and me . , my lord ? ” said athos , “ and what puts you out of breath thus ? ” fail to call upon him in the course of	122.12925720214844
the day ; and then he added in a low voice , ‘ tell your master that his eminence is very well disposed toward him , and that his fortune perhaps depends upon this interview . ’ ” letter with apparent calmness and said , shaking his head : dantès , “ you might well endure the tedious delay ; you were constantly employed in the task you set yourself , and when weary with toil , you had your hopes to refresh and encourage you . ” during the painful hush that followed , a universal shudder pervaded the assembly , and immediately the <unk> attention was given to the orator as he resumed his remarks . m. de saint-méran , like his own , could be	164.24847412109375
vastly increased , and the marriage be still more suitable . of another . , your reverence , which always fall again upon the poor . <unk> , eugénie ! ” and the two young girls began to heap into a trunk all the things they thought they should require . dear d ’ artagnan , we have no title such as count here . same as in other prisons , —that is , very bad ; the lodging is very <unk> , but , on the whole , <unk> for a dungeon ; but it is not that which i wish to speak of , but a secret i have to reveal of the greatest importance . ” who became eventually superintendent of finance . cardinal ;	150.03378295898438
his vigilant eye watches over and penetrates to the bottom of the heart . ” , and to retire either into lorraine or belgium . he said , when he saw that dantès had read the last line , “ put the two fragments together , and judge for yourself. ” dantès obeyed , and the <unk> pieces gave the following : together with his handkerchief , and then with a cord over the handkerchief . de longueville , for whom the prince had more than a brother ’ s affection and in whom he had confided , had been indiscreet . show us the way and we will follow you . ” this all you have to say to me ? ” a storm at sea ,	125.35276794433594
where the frail bark is tossed from the depths to the top of the wave . sinister lines on his countenance . . ” , the insolent dog ! the bedchamber by an invisible door on the staircase ; it was evident that every precaution had been taken . 95 . mousqueton , smacking his lips . andrea , sighing , “ one can not be completely happy in this world ! ” m. de tréville had good reason to mistrust the cardinal and to think that all was not over , for scarcely had the captain of the musketeers closed the door after him , than his eminence said to the king , “ now that we are at length by ourselves , we will , if	112.55597686767578
your majesty pleases , converse seriously . persuade , and she was even less open to conviction than her younger rival . milady , in a hollow , faint voice , “ what brings you back to me , and what do you want with me ? ” your future prospects , ” replied noirtier ; “ yes , i can easily comprehend that . his life before the almighty , proposed <unk> to accomplish , and at the end of every prayer introduced the entreaty oftener addressed to man than to god : “ forgive us our <unk> as we forgive them that <unk> against us. ” yet in spite of his earnest prayers , dantès remained a prisoner . and dress yourself . ’ should require	186.18527221679688
more , ” continued monte cristo in a careless manner , “ why , of course , i should draw upon you ; but my present intention is not to remain in france more than a year , and during that period i scarcely think i shall exceed the sum i mentioned . so many affairs of this kind on my hands that i am forced to regulate them a little . , but people wanted to sleep , and who would not give even two or three louis for a few hours of sound sleep ? four guards and a police officer , who accompanied it , mounted into the heavy machine and closed the shutters ; then through an opening cautiously made , the policeman began	171.63816833496094
to watch the length of the rue cocatrix , as if he was waiting for some one . myself , for i feel that the most beautiful , noblest , most sublime thing in the world , is to recompense and <unk> ’ satan bowed his head , and groaned . wrote ! ” , sir ; with the enemies you have to do with there is no time to be lost . ” , ” replied the queen ; “ and that the left hand should not be less liberal than the right , ” she drew from her finger a diamond similar to the one formerly given to him , “ take and keep this ring in remembrance of me . be ? tree , supported	97.22054290771484
there by the two valets , and was praying fervently , with clasped hands and eyes raised to heaven . no heed to this explanation of her lover ’ s arrest . kept his eyes fixed on the young girl , who gradually fell asleep , yielding to the effects of the narcotic the count had given her . you have discovered the hidden meaning ? ” ” was germain , and who enjoyed the entire confidence of his young master , held in one hand a number of papers , and in the other a packet of letters , which he gave to albert . ! ” shoulders , made a sign to his escort and started . i had not dared to sleep a single instant	107.8039779663086
. that you had a hundred friends . ” ” time and retired . of laughter in which they all joined , to the astonishment of poor porthos ; but when he was informed of the cause of their hilarity , he shared it <unk> according to his custom . lens had fallen into the hands of the enemy immediately after raoul ’ s departure . was anxious to restore you to the position which you had lost , and that he would seek your father until he found him . fetch that letter under the fire of the bastion ? ” he . like certain sounds which announce , as they whistle from wave to wave , the coming <unk> when they pass <unk> a multitude ,	110.51803588867188
<unk> an emeute . as fast as they could toward the country house of the worthy functionary . by eight o ’ clock , and eight is striking . your majesty must perceive there is no time to lose ! ” <unk> year . you do not know is that i was carried off by bandits . ” dark , and i could no longer see , i fell asleep ; i was soon aroused by a piercing shriek , as from a person suffering in his dreams , and he suddenly threw his head back violently . with the four thousand crowns , ” said château-renaud . choose your part , ” replied jussac . ” said the count , “ who told you that ? ”	90.54741668701172
insanity ; but tell me what woman has a lover more truly in love ; what queen a servant more ardent ? ” ? ” asked madame danglars , shuddering . . , he remained silent , with knitted brows . you since yesterday , ” returned fernand sorrowfully . , when the cardinal and his party passed through it , was crowded by an assemblage who , standing in groups , discussed the edicts of that memorable day . added he , quietly , “ i have not confidence in every one ; the proof of which is , that i have fixed upon you to escort me . ” , cashmere <unk> , valenciennes lace , english <unk> , and in fact all the tempting things	152.19073486328125
, the bare mention of which makes the hearts of young girls bound with joy , and which is called the <unk> now , in passing through this room , andrea proved himself not only to be clever and intelligent , but also provident , for he helped himself to the most valuable of the ornaments before him . executioner ’ s assistants . it has appeared as if madame de villefort secretly objected to the marriage , although she did not choose openly to oppose it . ” treaty of paris was signed , and it was everywhere announced that the cardinal had shut himself up for three days in order to draw it up with the greatest care . cried , “ i feel that i	148.30392456054688
am dying ; thanks ! ” expressed that wish , ” said bertuccio , “ and the horses are ready . , threw broussel into the carriage and sprang in after him . as you see , which is <unk> . ” duke ’ s disappointment , drew from his pocket a purse filled with gold and handed it to him . man . , that with the eyes fixed on the social organization of nations , you see only the springs of the machine , and lose sight of the sublime workman who makes them act ; i say that you do not recognize before you and around you any but those office-holders whose commissions have been signed by a minister or king ; and that the	131.3352508544922
men whom god has put above those office-holders , ministers , and kings , by giving them a mission to follow out , instead of a post to <unk> say that they escape your narrow , limited field of observation . for nothing , ” said gaetano . ” to d ’ artagnan that m. bonacieux wore a mask , and likewise that that mask was most disagreeable to look upon . quays , went out by the gate of la <unk> and followed the road , much more beautiful then than it is now , which leads to st . in order , and when the sail was filled , and the four sailors had taken their <unk> forward , and one at the <unk> resumed the	162.06854248046875
conversation . high treason , ” said the cardinal , slowly . fear me , which is more likely , but they let me trample down the <unk> with my dogs , insult and obstruct every one , and i come back still more weary and <unk> , that ’ s all . , ” said athos . but it was his servant who this time put the letter in the post . ” , who had been for his orders , returned , and pointing to the three gentlemen in cloaks , said : you are a man of a stout heart , monsieur , ” said the cardinal , with a voice almost affectionate ; “ i can therefore tell you beforehand you shall be tried	89.25704956054688
, and even condemned . ” put off till to-morrow ? ” she is ? ” said he ; “ you must be mad ! as hazardous as uncertain , and convinces me that my scheme is far better than yours . ” and continued to descend , while the stranger and cocles continued to mount the staircase . , rose , reseated herself , smiled at d ’ artagnan with an air which said , “ you are very amiable , no doubt , but you would be <unk> if you would only depart . ” you shall see them . more . his <unk> , if we may thus <unk> cry frightful in its silence . produce an effect on morrel , he was not <unk>	78.4124984741211
started as if he had been electrified . making his most splendid toilet , then returned to athos ’ s , and according to custom , related everything to him . with such a solemn air and with such a real appearance of terror , that athos eagerly seized his hand , crying , “ are you wounded , my friend ? ” set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement , the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law . opposite to that by which he came in , he opened it and disappeared behind it , shutting it as he went . maximilian , raising the glass cover ,	181.15936279296875
and respectfully kissing the silken purse , “ this has touched the hand of a man who saved my father from suicide , us from ruin , and our name from shame and disgrace , —a man by whose <unk> benevolence we poor children , doomed to want and wretchedness , can at present hear everyone <unk> our happy lot . porthos , then aramis . such affairs are generally arranged when it is wished to do them <unk> : your two solicitors appoint a meeting , when the contract is signed , for the next or the following day ; then they exchange the two <unk> , for which they each give a receipt ; then , when the marriage is celebrated , they place the amount	291.80712890625
at your disposal as the chief member of the alliance . ” spoke , entered the apartment . returned ? ” said the duke . sister . a dim light reached dantès ’ eyes through the coarse sack that covered him ; he saw two shadows approach his bed , a third remaining at the door with a torch in its hand . . any ? ” said d ’ artagnan to the youth . it a profanation . ” , during which louis xviii . to the <unk> of the marriage-contract were being carried on at the house of m. de villefort , monte cristo had paid his visit to the count of morcerf , who , in order to lose no time in <unk> to m.	75.56401824951172
danglars ’ wishes , and at the same time to pay all due deference to his position in society , donned his uniform of lieutenant-general , which he ornamented with all his crosses , and thus attired , ordered his finest horses and drove to the rue de la chaussée d ’ antin . he has stolen it . ” her , and have an explanation with her . fallen into the trap yourselves . black and <unk> head of caderousse appeared at the door . would be so much the less equal , if athos and his companions were really plotting ; and by one of those rapid turns which he always had at command , all his anger faded away into a smile . child ,	140.53330993652344
and carlini recognized the old man . go , <unk> for me there , and i will soon join you . ” i am all attention . ” terrible secret to communicate to you , ” said the doctor . , and i did not dare inquire for you . a proof that the lord is on our side , felton , ” replied milady . has an open look about him that pleases me , in spite of the singular remark he has made about me . ” with as much stupefaction as the others , for he knew not how he could in any way find himself mixed up with the horrible drama then unfolded . and i will obey . ” ? ” asked gondy	89.97396087646484
. you . ” the rue saint <unk> and stopped at the door of a magnificent hotel , surmounted with the arms of de luynes . , which was neither a cry nor a sigh , escaped from her , while she became deadly pale . long conference with several friends ; and m. cavalcanti , who had remained in the drawing-room with the ladies , was the last to leave the banker ’ s house . have paid my ransom ? ” cross . ” ? as long as i live , i shall never love anyone else ! ” a sort of valley , he perceived a circular excavation . you to the ruins of the colosseum and suck your blood ? ” asked beauchamp .	77.49836730957031
, dear rochefort ; pray tell me the whole story . ” , in order that your name might become extinct . ” . ! ” not appear ; for a scene , half tragedy and half comedy , had been performed by him with mousqueton and blaisois , who , frightened by the noise of the sea , by the whistling of the wind , by the sight of that dark water yawning like a gulf beneath them , shrank back instead of going forward . , and this evening two of them will be gone . ” the man alone and yet he perceived the necessity of starting at once to bear these tidings to the comte de la fere . command over himself , dantès	109.15355682373047
could not restrain his <unk> . said to morcerf , “ you are most welcome as the friend of my lord and master. ” this was said in excellent tuscan , and with that soft roman accent which makes the language of dante as sonorous as that of homer . have plenty of money , haven ’ t you ? to heaven , as though to remind his son of a forgotten oath . , ” she said . contented with drinking , well and good ; but you have broken all the bottles . ” was going , invited him to <unk> invitation which the musketeer refused with a majestic air . , ” whispered porthos to aramis . in which the duc de beaufort had been	132.80218505859375
in prison not a day had passed in which the cardinal had not felt a secret dread of his escape . of france . ” and the four musketeers were ready , but he looked around in vain for his friend . at each door , with an order to admit nobody upon any pretense but his _valet de chambre_ , patrick . <unk> to me . ” , and as no signal had been given him by which to announce his presence , he waited . , ” said athos , quietly . replied the guard . ? ” said monte cristo . , who immediately <unk> up to him with the eagerness of a boatman hoping for a good fare . fine horses . ” five	84.79584503173828
o ’ clock d ’ artagnan arose , and descending to the kitchen without help , asked , among other ingredients the list of which has not come down to us , for some oil , some wine , and some rosemary , and with his mother ’ s recipe in his hand composed a balsam , with which he <unk> his numerous wounds , replacing his bandages himself , and positively refusing the assistance of any doctor , d ’ artagnan walked about that same evening , and was almost cured by the morrow . that ’ twas that saint <unk> , porthos , who performed this feat ! had been to return to paris , but he remembered the anxiety which his prolonged absence might occasion	174.65335083007812
raoul , and reflecting that there were now only two miles between the vicomte and himself and a quarter of an hour ’ s riding would unite them , and that the going , returning and explanation would not occupy an hour , he put spurs to his horse and a few minutes after had reached the only inn of mazingarbe . shaking his handkerchief as an exchange of signals . complained of great pain in his knee , a feeling of <unk> in his head , and severe pains in his loins . , and in it were four oarsmen and a <unk> . , that justice be done . , and seeing him stare so fixedly , said : must be the devil in person !	185.95724487304688
” cried the stranger . a <unk> , with his head leaning on an open prayer book . it ? la ramee , “ your supper is ordered . ” de monte cristo , digging underneath these trees , found neither skeleton nor chest , because neither of them was there ! ” in his turn ; it appeared as if there were abysses in milady ’ s soul whose depths were dark and unknown . let her know it was not a dream . for her where she is not to be found . ” it consist ? ” ” he said , “ i hope you don ’ t mean to desert your master ? ” now that you have been thinking of this marriage ,	84.04125213623047
and you must see that it throws some responsibility on me , for it was at my house you met this young cavalcanti , whom i do not really know at all . ” refund of any money paid by a user who notifies you in writing ( or by e-mail ) within 30 days of receipt that s/he does not agree to the terms of the full project gutenberg™ license . i mistrust women . see you fighting , i can assure you that we would make no effort to prevent you . you never endeavored to recall the time , place , and circumstances of your former intercourse , and failing in this attempt , have almost believed that your spirits must have held converse with	193.4815216064453
each other in some state of being anterior to the present , and that you are only now occupied in a <unk> of the past ? ” along a lane on the spot where the rue d ’ <unk> is now situated , breathing the balmy <unk> which were borne upon the wind from the rue de vaugirard , and which arose from the gardens refreshed by the dews of evening and the breeze of night . used to compass this blessed end ? ” silent for twenty years , sir . god snatched it from you , and brought you to justice . ” soul for mazarin ; but—— ” over , bounded from point to point , and finally disappeared in the ocean . a <unk>	141.84979248046875
, i warn you . ” do you know who this great lady is ? ” a little pocket-book with golden clasps , a remnant of his old fancies , or perhaps a tender souvenir from one of the mysterious and veiled ladies who used to knock at his little door , <unk> took out of this pocket-book a note of 1,000 francs . cried the king . danglars . ” ” said athos , “ and what is the name of the person ? ” <unk> , <unk> <unk> ( properly speaking not a jessamine at all ) has yellow blossoms . he was recognized by d ’ artagnan , and how that recognition by inspiring fear in the four musketeers had given fresh activity to their	118.01103973388672
journey . station three gentlemen whose passports are under examination , who are on their way to her majesty . m. bertuccio , who understands <unk> windows so well ? ” quiet street , looking to the right and the left to see if he could catch any vestige of his beautiful englishwoman , when from the ground floor of a pretty house , which , according to the fashion of the time , had no window toward the street , he saw a face peep out with which he thought he was acquainted . ; the carriages could not move about ; but the masks were visible behind the windows , the carriages , and the doors . , by my troth , i shall always remember	149.1165008544922
those three nights with a certain pleasure . ” a six months ’ , a year ’ s advance even , and retire to brussels ? , ” said porthos , quite beside himself , “ the truth is that we were six against six . ” asked porthos . mind , which was confirmed when i saw the procureur lift from under his mantle a box , two feet long , and six or eight inches deep . that the cardinal will not enter into negotiations with such men ! ” sometimes renders us unconscious to the things of earth . he is going to spend the day and night there . ” so ? ” said the queen doubtfully , “ that you have not been	122.81568145751953
forestalled ? ” . you speak ! ” cried valentine . press his hand , and comprehended that this was a sentiment , not of coquetry , but of gratitude because of his departure . who regards him as the epitome of human wisdom ; admired by my father , who says he has never before heard such sublime ideas so <unk> expressed ; <unk> by edward , who , notwithstanding his fear of the count ’ s large black eyes , runs to meet him the moment he arrives , and opens his hand , in which he is sure to find some delightful present , —m . the tartan , ” replied the sailor . to be in great haste ? ” a source of lasting	154.20375061035156
remorse to him , the shadow that haunted him by day and night . is my most intimate friend , and m. de château-renaud has also the honor of his acquaintance . ” not impossible . made a _sortie_ during the night , and had retaken a bastion of which the royal army had gained possession two days before . his captivity had taken away nothing of his power , and that he was still master of that element on whose bosom he had so often sported as a boy . aspect m. d ’ épinay ? ” said milady , with a last doubt . at the door of the cabin to hear if the musketeers were still asleep , had gone down into the cellar ,	102.78038787841797
convinced by their silence that they were all in a deep slumber . this shadow was recognized as morrel , who , with his coat buttoned up to his throat , his face livid , and convulsively crushing his hat between his fingers , leaned against a tree , situated on an elevation commanding the mausoleum , so that none of the funeral details could escape his observation . the throne , gérard required a different alliance to aid his career ; if louis xviii . in ten minutes present himself to receive the amount of a bill of 287,500 francs , i will not say granted , but offered me three months . assassinated ! ” cried all present , with one voice . , who was	205.89205932617188
now immensely rich , and had <unk> under great obligations to morrel in former days , since to him it was owing that danglars entered the service of the spanish banker , with whom he had laid the foundations of his vast wealth . ’ artagnan , ” he said . waiting for you . ” with emeralds , with panels of rubies , and the roof glowing with diamond <unk> . ’ s visit was due to a double feeling of curiosity , the larger half of which sentiment emanated from the rue de la chaussée d ’ antin . the cardinal , “ whatever repugnance i may have to directing my mind to such a treason , your majesty compels me to think of it .	121.07440948486328
economy i could manage it with two thousand livres . ” at his boots , all covered with mud ; but that same glance fell upon the shoes and stockings of the mercer , and it might have been said they had been dipped in the same mud heap . ? xlv . giving way to an impulse of despair , was about to throw himself at the feet of louis xviii. , who retreated a step and frowned . , and nothing else , and so long as i work , nothing more is required of me . ” events which decide the life of a man ; it was a choice between the king and the cardinal—the choice made , it must be persisted in .	157.28744506835938
? ” asked danglars of monte cristo . rare and beautiful days in winter when england remembers that there is a sun . said the young officer , summoning to his mild countenance all the hatred he could find in his heart , “ my lord , i swear all shall be done as you desire . ” mousqueton , reddening with joy ; “ if you do me , sir , such honor , i shall be grateful all my life ; it is too much to ask . ” , my friend has three magnificent estates : that of vallon , at corbeil ; that of bracieux , in the <unk> ; and that of pierrefonds , in the <unk> . sign of silence , and	77.59477233886719
opened a second door concealed by tapestry . ” said dantès ; “ of what did you make your ink ? ” the prison , that their noise did not , in general , awake him ; but whether abstinence had <unk> his faculties , or whether the noise was really louder than usual , edmond raised his head and listened . <unk> , recognized me , and pointed to the man in the mask . ! ” yet able to speak , but he pointed with evident anxiety towards the door . he resumed his place at the window , and surveyed the crowd with a certain impatience , evidently annoyed by their remaining <unk> . unfortunate king , monsieur de tréville ! bridled . ” this	127.8062973022461
month , half the 15th of next . ” you ! ” cried he . , i presume , from the extreme end of the globe ? ” said monte cristo in a low voice ; “ it is then true that the sin of the father shall fall on the children to the third and fourth generation . ” charles , “ farewell , my children . s signature there was , indeed , the seal of the sublime emperor . veneration for the cardinal , ” continued he , “ and the most profound respect for his actions . ” cried harrison , <unk> of his illustrious captive , “ let us be off . ” you have lost 700,000 francs ? ” rather a humiliation	88.91377258300781
than a pleasure for her . see you , sir . ” s the thing , my lord ! ” cried his <unk> , gaily . ! that this proud and violently enamoured woman could utter in response to debray . tell you all ; but take away the young man ; i can not endure his presence . ” ” demanded the host . , as well as i do , i think . was my own , and that i might sell it . the gascon ’ s stratagem , was clear . at the word myself . go to the library , please. ” the marquis took his arm , and they left the salon . let us know when the wedding is to be	77.80061340332031
, for fernand here is so obstinate he will not tell us . ” pale face and knit brows that his resolution to revenge himself was growing weaker . mazarin , more and more moved , “ will your majesty permit me to give you counsel ? ” husband . it , you speak in <unk> ” cried both the children , throwing their arms around their father ’ s neck . who had listened in the greatest agony , now breathed again . go to war ? ” , i had very considerable difficulty in obtaining them , and , as it is , they have cost an enormous price . ” heard in the room but a succession of sobs , while the incense from their	137.85643005371094
grateful hearts mounted to heaven . no one but myself , and i shall defend myself vigorously , i give you warning . ” such a degree as i approached the thicket , that i took a pistol from my pocket and armed myself . the usurper ? ” milady ; “ the austere puritan lies . ” caderousse , “ i would give a great deal if nothing of the kind had happened ; or , at least , that i had had no hand in it . ? ” asked the father . , one can not win all one ’ s battles ! doing ? ” asked madame danglars . the silence and the solemnity demanded by the occasion , laughter and jests arose from	113.54586029052734
the crowd . looks out upon a kind of open gallery , where patrols are continually passing , and <unk> keep watch day and night . ” compressed his lips . . on one side was the vast wilderness of the <unk> , on the other , paris <unk> in darkness . said the coadjutor , “ i have heard this affair mentioned . to hear . ” must join her son and go over to the princes ’ side ; but you know better than i do that there are certain reasons why she can never abandon mazarin . ” confidently the moment for administering the restorative . guiche are like each other ’ s shadows . ” you know , my dear captain , a judge	146.804443359375
must hear both sides . ” electronic works , and resolved to thrash planchet provisionally ; which he did with the <unk> that d ’ artagnan carried into everything . at half-past nine . ” monsieur porthos , ” observed planchet replying , as it were , to his master ’ s thoughts . monte cristo was looking at the <unk> . order to win it , to remain an hour in the bastion . idea of defeat . found peace . ” of departure ; it is a <unk> . and tried to raise my mother from the earth , but she was dead ! your own , but do not fill or empty mine . rose to the surface of the sea , while the shot	92.541748046875
dragged down to the depths the sack that had so nearly become his shroud . , i am now grieved i have kept my word . not hesitate ; but i really pity this poor comte de wardes , since you have ceased to love him . ” asked the abbé . to-day as they did yesterday we shall have the honor , then , of seeing them in half an hour ? ” into the room . ? ” asked the procureur , alarmed . understand it all , ” he said , “ but i understand now ; how droll it is ! ” your excellency that this letter is addressed . ” for m. de villefort felt no effects . you allow me to ask	70.17317199707031
you a question ? ” assassinated . ” shout ; the cries , the noise of the shot and the intoxicating smell of powder produced their usual maddening effects . villefort , “ your majesty mistakes ; this is an officer ’ s cross . ” regarding duels ; i told you my opinion on that subject , if you remember , when we were at rome . ” a little . other , the trial was soon over . by your kind intentions towards me , ” said monte cristo ; “ but this morning i purchased a very excellent pair of <unk> , and i do not think they were dear . like ! ” home ? ” asked he . in the name of the	84.3616943359375
god before whom he must perhaps appear , to speak the truth . so keep on the watch , as they are gone away ; it ’ s for some purpose , rely on it . yet i do live . ” have been the young man , certainly , for he was strong and industrious , while the abbé was aged and weak ; besides , his mind was too <unk> to allow him to carry out an idea . ” for it , ” said monte cristo . , it is necessary , ” cried the queen ; “ but how am i to act ? by albert . _ i know full well that you don ’ t turn your back to yours . ”	68.86119842529297
say ? ” inquired the other . , as i left without having been able to hear anything of him . , my lord , ” resumed the queen , despairingly , “ that i can do nothing ; that i have suffered as much as <unk> than he <unk> as i am to eat the bread of exile and to ask hospitality from false friends who smile at my tears ; and as regards his royal person , he must sacrifice it generously and die like a king . and find if you can , any blemish in the language or <unk> ” the writing was , in reality , charming , and the <unk> irreproachable . with the cross of saint louis , now rose and	112.33137512207031
proposed the health of king louis xviii . an orderly manner . ” ” said monte cristo . madame de villefort sent for him half an hour ago ; he went into her room , and has not been downstairs since . ” his beard to grow ; his head fell on his shoulder , his legs bent beneath him , and his movements were apparently <unk> and unconscious . let us return to the camp . ” pursuing you <unk> , ” he said with a <unk> smile . to the marrow of his bones ; probably lord de winter perceived this emotion . an instant , mute , pensive and motionless ; then , as he went in , he saw the fair madeleine , his	90.28321838378906
hostess , standing on the threshold . chamber , and had breakfast served . appeared . day i can neither eat flesh nor see it eaten . workmen , were to get the king out of prison and take him to greenwich , where a vessel was waiting . ” the man of blood had ever wept . edmond , we are near the conclusion . place at st. germain , i believe , and they had appointed to meet at the carmes-deschaux , when they were disturbed by de jussac , cahusac , bicarat , and two other guardsmen , who certainly did not go there in such a numerous company without some ill intention against the edicts . ” without paying for it , you blockhead	185.6770782470703
! ” table was cleared ; but milady remarked that this time felton did not accompany the soldiers . maximilian , with an air of gravity , “ those are our most precious family treasures . ” country nor misfortune , you who are sent to me by henrietta ; whatever news you bring , speak out . ” of this coffer about him ; but he one day opened it before porthos , and porthos was convinced that this coffer contained nothing but letters and <unk> letters and family papers , no doubt . d ’ artagnan . , and i should be very <unk> with those who detained him from me after a three months ’ voyage . ” how to wait ; he had waited	135.03033447265625
fourteen years for his liberty , and now he was free he could wait at least six months or a year for wealth . my hand , edmond ; you are thinking , i am sure , of some kind speech to console me , but do not utter it to me , reserve it for others more worthy of your kindness . again hungry ; certainly the air of that dungeon was very <unk> of appetite . corridor , all the doors of which he found open ; so , too , was the door of athos ’ s chamber and that of the park . taking a crown from his pocket , could save morrel ; he had but to pass his word for a loan	116.02349853515625
, and morrel was saved . artagnan he recognized his former master . , as you say , go and ask a dinner from the master of that house . than ever , <unk> , his manner was so kind that several times morrel was on the point of telling him all . make the strictest search for the murderer . me the friendly affection of a brother . . ” paris . most distant a ... to his full height . to breakfast , ” said beauchamp ; “ for , if i remember , you told me you only expected two persons , albert . ” is with him ? ” said raoul . groups collected in the streets , or silence their exclamations , were	99.04146575927734
in vain . heaven , as a gambler does who stakes his all on one stroke . sword and a dress , ” said porthos . engaged with their game , and athos was watching them with so much attention , that they did not even perceive their young companion go out , who , as he had told the guardsman of his eminence , stopped outside the door . knelt in united prayer were the daughter and <unk> of henry iv. , the wife and daughter of charles i . but tell the duke himself , who can not find anything , what the report <unk> him the particulars of what the usurper is doing in his islet . ” come to such a country for ,	153.23379516601562
athos ? ” said the count , with a significant shrug of the shoulders . dine , ” suggested porthos . naively replied the servant . , my lord . the comte de la fere , and looking for an instant at that grand and honest countenance , took the pen . ! ” cried the jesuit . get a better . ” are better mounted than he . ” other , —he was made to take an oath , and did so , but with such an ill grace that it was really tempting providence to swear thus , and yet , in spite of that , the general was allowed to depart <unk> free . , no , ” said madame de saint-méran ; “ but	72.7521743774414
i was impatiently waiting for your arrival , that i might send for your father . ” shook the whole frame of the count , and making a violent effort over himself , he said : “ i have a right to insist on your giving me an explanation . dear athos , confess that you would not be so philosophical if your raoul were to be involved in this affair . ” ’ cried i , ‘ then the place of my punishment will be that of my tomb . his life , danglars contemplated death with a mixture of dread and desire ; the time had come when the implacable spectre , which exists in the mind of every human creature , arrested his attention and	128.20120239257812
called out with every pulsation of his heart , “ thou shalt die ! ” as if a serpent had stung him , and fixed his eyes intensely upon the guardsman who had just made this insolent speech . these precautions , i remained for some time in a terrible agitation of mind . . ” buried at the foot of some gloomy tower , or cast to the bottom of a pit by hateful jailers , and i wept ! and tempestuous sky , across which the wind was driving clouds that occasionally suffered a twinkling star to appear ; before him was the vast <unk> of waters , sombre and terrible , whose waves foamed and roared as if before the approach of a storm .	237.1209259033203
retreated a second step . died a natural death ? ” a sort of smile was discernible on the motionless lips of noirtier . at morcerf as if to say , — “ are you mad , or are you laughing at us ? ” you propose to me ? ” paid him the price of his devotedness ; but let us hasten to say that this sadness possessed the young man less from the regret of the happiness he had missed , than from the fear he entertained that some serious misfortune had befallen the poor woman . that the count does not regret having once deviated from the principles he has so boldly avowed . ” door . , according to custom , went to visit	159.0856475830078
the queen , in passing the <unk> he heard loud voices ; wishing to know on what topic the soldiers were conversing , he approached with his wonted <unk> step , pushed open the door and put his head close to the <unk> . . ” who has heard of your arrival , and no doubt comes to congratulate you on your fortunate return . ” caderousse , “ little albert . ” even in the very face of open day , that at least a year had elapsed since all these things had passed , so deep was the impression made in his mind by the dream , and so strong a hold had it taken of his imagination . apartment . adored valentine , thank you	140.26986694335938
; that is enough . send me a woman . ” fowls , to <unk> the <unk> and to find his way home by day or by night , that ’ s all . worm-eaten shutter was opened , or rather pushed ajar , but closed again as soon as the light from a miserable lamp which burned in the corner had shone upon the baldric , sword belt , and pistol <unk> of d ’ artagnan . you will go to a mean tavern , without a name and without a <unk> mere fisherman ’ s hut . <unk> him have it , ’ she said . monte cristo “ i think m. danglars mentioned that in a visit which i paid him ; and , ”	146.7092742919922
continued he , casting a <unk> at lucien , who was turning over the leaves of an album , “ mademoiselle eugénie is <unk> think i remember that to be her name . ” prophet , then , ” said valentine , smiling . better do . ’ for the ornaments back again . answering , pointed to the garden . ” girl , ” replied morrel ; “ i come to bring and to hear bad tidings . ” to the present moment , the duty i had to fulfill toward you ; the rest concerns another person . ” athos , pale , but resolute ; aramis was wiping a slight moisture from his brow . ” asked beauchamp . was less cruel than you .	104.12779235839844
” to the two women than the deepest <unk> would have been . of the warmest days spring had yet bestowed on the inhabitants of paris , might be seen negligently thrown upon the stone bench , a book , a <unk> , and a <unk> , from which hung a partly embroidered cambric handkerchief , while at a little distance from these articles was a young woman , standing close to the iron gate , endeavoring to discern something on the other side by means of the openings in the planks , —the earnestness of her attitude and the fixed gaze with which she seemed to seek the object of her wishes , proving how much her feelings were interested in the matter . on turning to	176.59005737304688
the left , you will find the wall of the park ; get over it , and in three <unk> you will be on the road and free . ” the bosom of the ocean with imposing majesty and seemed to <unk> the scene . , and then pass on to the private plans which perhaps had not less influence upon his eminence than the others . eyes , a straight nose , a chin cut like that of brutus , had altogether an indefinable character of grandeur and grace . ” exclaimed madame de villefort , clasping her hands , “ what do you say ? ” wish nothing better than that he would come and seek a quarrel with me . ” pistoles , that my	98.04984283447266
farmer sent to me the day before i left bragelonne ; but out of that sum i ought to leave fifty for <unk> young man must live <unk> . experienced something of the sensation of a bird which , looking up , sees the murderous trap closing over its head . we are going from here to the palais royal ? ” and irrevocable . , my god ! ” <unk> have dared to tell <unk> have— ‘ repent and die ! ’ but no , she must not die ; she shall live , and with me . . should not have reached beaucaire . ’ . m. de blacas , “ if it only be to reassure a faithful servant , will your majesty send into	151.5091552734375
languedoc , provence , and dauphiné , trusty men , who will bring you back a faithful report as to the feeling in these three provinces ? ” vengeance , athos had requested to be conducted to the garden ; and there upon the sand following the light steps of this woman , who left sharp tracks wherever she went , he advanced toward the gate which led into the wood , and causing it to be opened , he went out into the forest . repeated madame de villefort . fear of being arrested . ” a mania for diamonds , ” said morcerf , smiling , “ and i <unk> believe that , like <unk> , he keeps his pockets filled , for the sake of	126.52920532226562
strewing them along the road , as tom thumb did his flint stones . ” the count , “ it is no longer in my power to restore you to happiness , but i offer you consolation ; will you deign to accept it as coming from a friend ? ” on departure , athos ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . artagnan , she said : , and frenchmen like you . ” any horses , get them of <unk> , and if you purchase a phaeton , go to baptiste for it . ” took part in this great battle , bragelonne ! ” cried the former musketeer . done ! ” cried morrel , with one hand leaning on the back of the chair ,	79.7421646118164
and the other extended towards valentine . business in italy . read these two lines , sank into a profound reverie ; but he did not return the paper to d ’ artagnan . the count , “ you are right—it is miraculous . ” when about to marry your daughter to a young man , it is right to make some inquiries respecting his family ; it is not only a right , but a duty . ” himself in an instant . a man in his majesty ’ s service ? ” a low room where there were foils , gloves , masks , <unk> , and all the <unk> for a fencing match . porthos , sobbing , “ i believe i ’ m crying	77.78670501708984
; but how foolish all this is ! ” place where you are located also <unk> what you can do with this work . the king taken prisoner ? days and nights wholly to the king ’ s service . ” . influence the count evidently possessed over those ruffians ? ” boat , the chain that closes the mouth of the port was lowered and in a second they were , as dantès knew , in the <unk> and outside the inner harbor . same when an unexpected weight fell upon the back of the horse , which sank down . ? ” october , morrel , i shall expect you at the island of monte cristo . almost dumb . ” planchet . a loud laugh	124.35028839111328
, which was more frightful than even threats would have been , and he had not ceased when two reports of a pistol were heard ; he had fired them himself , and had killed two men . horses he would dispute the price . ” from his present dungeon into another , even if it were darker and deeper , for a change , however <unk> , was still a change , and would afford him some amusement . relative , ” answered the abbé . the musketeer . in vain to grant us this favor , but the whole affair has had a mysterious meaning that we can not <unk> have been guided by an invisible hand , —a hand as powerful as that of an	134.06407165527344
enchanter . ” king charles ; to you he was only a foreigner and you were not obliged to love him . ” ” replied the abbé . lantern the coadjutor recognized planchet . ! ” howled milady . longer time and may make a greater disturbance , but you will be outside with swords and will rush in at the proper time . ” that ? ” a few moments , then said , “ no , truly , it would take up too much time . ” him , ” replied friquet , screaming with all his might , “ that there is a whole regiment of guards coming this way . and do you speak seriously ? ” asked louvieres . , caderousse ? ”	102.22148895263672
affirmative , the sailors exchanged a few words together in a low tone . gone to fetch her , no doubt , from madame de morcerf ’ s ; i will await her return , and beg her to come up here . say ? ” asked the duke . follow us , ” said he , in an undertone . and then to go to paris . ” acquaintance , gaspard caderousse . the secret ; or , perhaps , you guessed that he was here . ” we always want something more than we already have . ” forth in section 3 below . will accomplish what you have postponed in this . ” she was to do so . the eyes of d ’ artagnan	79.97303771972656
on entering the room was brisemont , stretched upon the ground and rolling in horrible convulsions . s hand , and in her irresistible impulse of joy carried it to her lips . rage . world , of which you are one of the leaders . ” ” to settle with him when i am cured and sound again . the captain ’ s berth , a sort of temporary cabin of planks , for the chief apartment had been given up by captain rogers to the passengers , who were to be <unk> at the other end of the boat . mingled with his hair , which was still thick and matted , while his bronzed features and determined glance well suited an old sailor who had	143.0271759033203
braved the heat of the equator and the storms of the <unk> . , and he died day before yesterday . ” the garden a second time , the count re-entered his carriage , while bertuccio , who perceived the thoughtful expression of his master ’ s features , took his seat beside the driver without uttering a word . i purchase all this delight , joy , and happiness , for which i would cheerfully have surrendered ten years of my life , at the small cost of 500 francs per annum , paid <unk> ? , we all know that your views have a religious tendency . ” . last night beneath your majesty ’ s <unk> cry we heard was <unk> there is no executioner	181.06729125976562
nearer at hand than bristol . ” provisions ; be happy , and tomorrow we shall have more . ” who could if i could not , ” said caderousse . that , but what is the quarrel ? ” said she , smiling , “ but we won ’ t tell him ! ” to her forehead , “ i shall go mad ! ” ” inquired the abbé . ; i will take him to his cell . ” , at the present moment d ’ artagnan was ruled by a feeling much more noble and disinterested . fine gentleman ! ” said others . in your power . ” at this moment in a very complicated one , ” said d ’ artagnan . sometimes	52.128570556640625
laughs <unk> , at other time he passes hours on the seashore , <unk> stones in the water and when the flint makes ‘ <unk> ’ five or six times , he appears as delighted as if he had gained another marengo or austerlitz . him , and made him inhale some salts , which recalled him to life . the queen , ” said aramis , “ we must first see the cardinal ; and when we have seen the <unk> what i tell you , <unk> shall be reunited to our friends , but not in the way you wish . silence , the poor lad this time found his speech . they refused to buy it . ” door was immediately opened , and the	113.15524291992188
young man who was seated beside the countess , in obedience to the italian custom , instantly rose and surrendered his place to the strangers , who , in turn , would be expected to retire upon the arrival of other visitors . bad vein ; he lost all , together with twenty-five pistoles for which he had given his word . wait , ” replied morrel ; “ and i will wait . ” . ! ” the more easy , the coachman being sound asleep . himself upon her as de wardes , for whom she had conceived one of those <unk> fancies common to women of her character . cardinal up here ; if he makes any noise stifle him . ” not at once	130.2166748046875
made the lady of the red cushion a princess . ” said debray , “ madame was making inquiries about that house , which for the last three months has been hung with black . ” . conversation valentine had remained silent . stairs , valentine found barrois awaiting her . the corpse ? ” for me and took me to the bastile . is the same man whom i rescued from the hands of the banditti at rome . ” night with a lance provided with a lighted <unk> in his hand , and he had orders to blow up <unk> , guards , women , gold , and ali tepelini <unk> the first signal given by my father . bowed to the five young men with	121.20096588134766
a melancholy and dignified smile , and got into his carriage with maximilian and emmanuel . where i had placed it , under my pillow , and while feigning to sleep , my hand grasped the handle of it convulsively . like a man who acknowledges the superiority of the master as great , and retired . the queen , “ i think myself as much honored to have received you this evening as if you had been a prince , and i wish to know your name . ” arrest the fatal hand of death about to descend on him . ” and mercédès had disappeared . in paris and three thousand in france ; and then , perhaps , on entering the convent he changed his	91.44188690185547
name . of the battle which on the following day was to save france the second time from <unk> was <unk> in his mind . , ” said porthos . to be an utter impossibility , ” said villefort . me so without fearing to make me die of joy ? . , yet serves occasionally as a refuge for the smugglers and pirates who come from corsica , sardinia , and africa , and if it becomes known that we have been there , we shall have to perform quarantine for six days on our return to leghorn . ” appointed to secure the safety of paris ? ” ” replied cromwell . subject of the king , madame , and all that his majesty commands i	104.91340637207031
shall do . ” ” he replied , “ that we shall soon be obliged to separate , unless you love me well enough to follow me to italy . ” deal with four men , d ’ artagnan , i would allow you to go alone . liberty ? friend , ” said madame danglars , trying to smile ; “ it is over now , and i am much better . ” you are going to save my life a second time ! ” cried planchet . lord de winter and the four friends repaired to the convent ; the bells <unk> , the chapel was open , the grating of the choir was closed . please to be seated , ” said the man ,	46.987850189208984
“ i will let the count know that you are here . ” <unk> of nature , this king of the creation ! ” , milady was admirably acquainted with this part of france . in france , my lord ? ” , i visit an <unk> one i named . ” say , i once reigned in paris ! been separated from his son , and almost at the hour of his arrest , he breathed his last in mercédès ’ arms . the count of monte cristo is capable ? to see a notary , that i may be assured that all our property returns to valentine . ” reached that part of the garden where the famous boarded gate stood overlooking the deserted enclosure ,	100.32191467285156
always returning by the same path , to begin his walk again , at the same pace and with the same gesture , when he accidentally turned his eyes towards the house , whence he heard the noisy play of his son , who had returned from school to spend the sunday and monday with his mother . of men . ; she felt herself strongly infected with the sadness which seemed to <unk> her own , and still guided by the valet de chambre , who never lost sight of her for an instant , she was introduced to the magistrate ’ s study . la ramee . you are aware from whom i come ? ” . bore such an impress of high degree , that	108.92608642578125
madame de chevreuse half rose from her seat when she saw him and made him a sign to sit down near her . said athos , “ we admire your devotion to the cause you have espoused , in remaining at the head of the army whilst so ill , in so much pain . ” went out and hastened to repeat to his friend mazarin ’ s flattering promises , which gave porthos an indescribable happiness . was , we must say that the duke of buckingham did not experience an instant of fear . the direction of aramis ’ s finger . richelieu and louis xiii . ” exclaimed the novice , “ do you know monsieur de tréville ? ” and struggle lasted about twenty	98.9933090209961
seconds , then the count raised his pallid face . me , that poor monsieur maillard , ‘ go find the coadjutor , friquet , and if you bring him to me you shall be my <unk> ’ say , then , father <unk> heir of monsieur maillard , the giver of holy water at saint eustache ! dinner has been a real feast . i have the happiness of being useful to you ? ” return . ” his hands as he uttered these words , while monte cristo fixed on him a look of inscrutable meaning . made a tremendous noise . ” dear child , and take courage in remembering that there is a god who will punish traitors . ” ” said he .	125.90335083007812
andrea . me , i should have been incapable of it , ” said château-renaud , with most significant coolness . ’ t know . ” be ? ” —i am calm , ” said morrel , giving his hand to the count ; “ my pulse does not beat slower or faster than usual . and the superior entered . time i ever heard his name pronounced . ” spot . thing possible ? ” spy upon his wife . ” were to indulge in a quarter of these marks of flattering attention , her reputation would be gone forever . ” ” and let us go . ” to allow me to insist on his departure . and as athos was the least inquisitive of any	78.13823699951172
man on earth , d ’ artagnan ’ s confidence stopped there . wrong . ” was a profound silence in the room when the duke again addressed <unk> “ do you not remember that the duc de guise taught all the dogs in paris to jump for mademoiselle de pons , whom he styled ‘ the <unk> of the fair ? ’ pistache is going to show you how superior he is to all other dogs . colonel bridge ? ” asked aramis , “ and how does he go to work to weed the parliament ? ” was saying , “ listen to the roll call of your judges and address to the court any observations you may have to make . ” take refuge in	156.47413635253906
holland , where i hear his highness the prince of wales now is . ” before he went to vincennes ? ” fatal to me ; it was on the <unk> of july <unk> ” the room without having spoken to the beautiful girl with the soft eyes , who by a strange fancy , although she bore no resemblance , reminded him of his poor little louise , whom he had left in the chateau de la valliere and whom , in the midst of all the party , he had never for one moment quite forgotten . announcing all this is , that all good and faithful catholics may offer up their prayers for the unfortunate culprits , and , above all , beseech of heaven	155.93182373046875
to grant them a sincere repentance . ” he touched him on the shoulder , saying , “ will your excellency please to awaken ? ” ” said dantès , “ you make me shudder . milady , in a trembling voice , “ why do you not enter ? be gone , too . leave the plate within reach of his guest , who began by sipping the alicante with an expression of great satisfaction , and then delicately steeped his biscuit in the wine . ” said bertuccio . ; like athos , he had discovered the <unk> of blood ; like athos , he had noted the spot where the horses had halted . just at the point where one of my forefathers is offering	113.07024383544922
his sword to francis i. , who has broken his . the sky ; here is the sea ! he , “ as long as i hold him in this manner , he can ’ t cry , i ’ ll be bound ; but as soon as i let go he will howl again . me sadder than before , if it be possible . impossible that this should end as they have decreed ! ” rose , and threw herself into her son ’ s arms . , sire ; think only of yourself . ” much easier to descend from the whole to a part than to ascend from a part to the whole . ” replied the governor , and he signed to the	120.27623748779297
turnkey to open the door . ? ! ’ exclaimed the young girl enthusiastically . them . to abide by all the terms of this agreement , you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg™ electronic works in your possession . to speak to me ; but was it indeed remorse , tell me ? ” ? ” upon his two hands , he pretended to sleep . s of no consequence just now , ” said mme . porthos , “ if he was not crushed <unk> ” count . with all my heart , ” said the gascon , “ and i confess my weakness . you , sir , ” said mordaunt , raising his head and casting at his	53.8591194152832
opponent a look it would be impossible to describe . ready on the second floor at la réserve , with whose arbor the reader is already familiar . at heart a frondist and would hear nothing said of compensation . she , returning the knife to the young officer , “ this is fine and good steel . <unk> , martigues , or <unk> , a dozen places where we left our goods , and where , in case of necessity , we concealed ourselves from the gendarmes and custom-house officers . back by the wind which had blown him there ? we come ? ” asked the young man . cromwell ’ s most enthusiastic disciples . ” a man who hears a reply he does not	172.9501953125
understand . the deputy procureur ? ” the brigadier . d ’ artagnan , “ but he has taken a long time to let me know his thoughts ; ” nevertheless , he bowed to the very ground in gratitude for mazarin ’ s compliment . the count ’ s brow became clouded . answer any questions your excellency may address to me . ” ” said porthos , “ that is what you meant to say ! ” he cried ; “ one of them is trembling with fever , having failed to adapt himself to this charming country of yours , and the other is a knight of malta , as timid as a young girl ; and for greater security we have taken from them	76.43145751953125
even their <unk> and pocket scissors . ” your orders , ” said monte cristo bowing . ; like you , i hesitated , but the count ’ s eloquence <unk> me . ” ” exclaimed he , “ thank heaven i have arrived in time . said , ‘ i am very straightforward in my <unk> your choice . ’ connected with this prison besides the one relating to the poisoning of <unk> ? ” asked the count ; “ are there any traditions respecting these dismal abodes , —in which it is difficult to believe men can ever have imprisoned their fellow-creatures ? ” seen you ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , with that ingenuous roughness which women often prefer to the <unk> of politeness	116.08348846435547
, because it betrays the depths of the thought and proves that feeling prevails over reason . , madame , to do that i must forget the hour ’ s conversation i have had with you , which is indeed impossible . ” their calmness , your countenance <unk> its assurance . is it ? ” surprise and terror ; and without a word i suffered myself to be <unk> and tied to a horse ’ s tail , and thus they took me to nîmes . retractation so far as to kill me if i do not make it , although i have repeated more than once , and affirmed on my honor , that i was ignorant of the thing with which you charge me ,	128.22340393066406
and although i still declare that it is impossible for anyone but you to recognize the count of morcerf under the name of fernand ? ” resumed the jesuit , “ st . creatures ? is , ” replied cavalcanti , in a very modest tone . , is that mine , too ? ” ? ” ’ artagnan , for he became deadly pale ; doubtless the musketeer knew him , for his hair stood up on his head . you according to your crime , ” said athos ; “ you shall be free to defend yourself . remain on <unk> terms with me , i should have said , ‘ patience , my friend ; ’ but you have constituted yourself my enemy , therefore	74.25882720947266
i say , ‘ what does that signify to me , sir ? ’ ” to rebuild artagnan , which my ancestors , impoverished by the crusades , allowed to fall into ruins , and to buy thirty acres of land about it , that is all i wish . began to laugh , i threatened to strike him , and he made two steps backwards . said monte cristo , with an expression of melancholy equal to his own , “ listen to me . , that they wished to murder that good councillor , broussel , the father of the people ? ” captains , with good pensions ! his eminence ; “ under certain circumstances , with that strong and shrewd mind your majesty possesses	148.11184692382812
, aided by your friends , you were able to repel the attacks of that adversary . ” to the bank of the river . your theatres , by what at least i could judge by reading the pieces they play , they see persons swallow the contents of a phial , or suck the button of a ring , and fall dead instantly . of that blockhead pastrini , that i did not sooner assist you in your distress . extricating me from this dilemma , —the one by a mysterious escape , managed through <unk> ; the other by <unk> off my judges with gold . to drink a great deal , ” replied porthos . knife ! ” you it is a fancy you have	161.1811065673828
taken in your head . ” do you think of the _molli anhelitu_ ? ” brought back five horses . as he was singing a love <unk> and looking tenderly at a lady , and interrupted him exactly in the middle of the second couplet . d ’ artagnan , who were consulting together . i was writing . enough for us to devise a plan . to the cardinal , but belong to me as well , and i will take upon myself the making of your fortune . , already told you , sir , i was entirely ignorant of the contents of the letter . ” profound silence , and the gloomy thoughts inspired by the hour , and still more by her own conscience	90.57389068603516
, all combined to produce a sensation of fear ; the poisoner was terrified at the contemplation of her own work . you ? ” was to follow her . quick ! ” said d ’ artagnan , in a low voice , as soon as the bolts were fast , “ let me get out of the hôtel ; for if we leave her time to turn round , she will have me killed by the servants . ” from , my dear count ? ” said albert . . a monster ! that i killed . ” a weak chest , and like <unk> in the <unk> <unk> , she would die one day while singing . upon their errand at full speed ; but ere	76.64663696289062
they had gone many steps they perceived a group advancing towards them , composed of the betrothed pair , a party of young girls in attendance on the bride , by whose side walked dantès ’ father ; the whole brought up by fernand , whose lips wore their usual sinister smile . ” , a house of mourning , ” said valentine ; “ speak , maximilian , although the cup of sorrow seems already full . ” fellow and a <unk> <unk> , ” replied edmond , “ and heaven will recompense you for your generous intentions ; but i do not wish anyone to stay with me . either of the enemy ’ s numbers , or of those in command , or of the	157.14328002929688
purpose of the army . early as you <unk> seven o ’ clock ; but beware , if you and your musketeers are guilty . ” it that he is a vampire . ” do you think it can be a trap that they are laying for us ? ” suggested porthos , incessantly thinking how his greatness must be irksome to inferior people . his pocket a long flat box , which contained several <unk> of the articles demanded . château-renaud , “ <unk> . two or three marines , who brought her trunks and packages , deposited them in a corner , and retired without speaking . is <unk> , but i would rather have to do with them than with the late monsieur mordaunt .	129.9674835205078
” said caderousse ; “ why , how fast you go on , father dantès ; she is not his wife yet , as it seems to me . ” france to its real master , to him who acquired it , not by purchase , but by right of conquest ; go , sire , not that you incur any risk , for your adversary is powerful enough to show you mercy , but because it would be humiliating for a grandson of saint louis to owe his life to the man of <unk> , marengo , <unk> ’ tell him this , gérard ; or , rather , tell him nothing . to say of her can only be heard by yourself , my lord !	131.29824829101562
” to porthos , faith , that ’ s a droll affair ! ” constance . replied d ’ artagnan ; “ i must , however , first frankly tell you that you must change your mode of life . ” ! ” said julie . ; the man , or rather the <unk> he trod so softly that no sound was <unk> poured out about a spoonful into the glass , and drank it . , and before soldiers , officers , or colonel had time to recover their surprise all four were in the street . exclaimed , running furiously and tearing his <unk> “ oh , who will deliver me from this man ? i can ’ t be more sure . required of me	118.73426055908203
. , madame , ” said lucien , “ that had i really the sum you mention at my disposal , i would employ it more profitably than in troubling myself to obtain particulars respecting the count of monte cristo , whose only merit in my eyes consists in his being twice as rich as a nabob . confidant of him . ” and obeyed with childlike reverence . is to set out for the army ; he is entirely devoted to the cardinal . ” can give you proofs . ” or rather he must be left quite alone ; and milady but obscurely perceived the means which could lead to this result . was withdrawn the captain took his place at the <unk> and made a	143.7166290283203
sign to one of the sailors , who , <unk> in hand , began to push out from the labyrinth of boats in which they were involved . of a man familiar with the house , entered first into the court , threw his bridle into the hands of a footman , and returned to the door to receive madame danglars , to whom he offered his arm , to conduct her to her apartments . so well aimed , and hit so directly , that lucien and the baroness were staggered , and they interrogated each other with their eyes , as if to seek help against this <unk> , but the irresistible will of the master of the house prevailed , and the husband was victorious	102.4004898071289
. <unk> are looking for them ? ” pass with difficulty through convent gratings ; but after all , as i have given you proofs , my dear cousin , i am not <unk> in such affairs , and i will take charge of the commission . seek adventures . flame , breasts of ice became like heated <unk> , so that to franz , yielding for the first time to the sway of the drug , love was a sorrow and <unk> a torture , as burning mouths were pressed to his thirsty lips , and he was held in cool <unk> embraces . , so long as they favor your suit ? ” i am your servant , monsieur baron , ” said d ’ artagnan	138.80899047851562
, “ though you have names rather difficult to <unk> ” and touching his horse with the spur , he <unk> back to paris . : show the chevalier out ; and this evening at eleven o ’ <unk> have heard what i said . ” de winter , “ your majesty will be served by a man devoted to you . beloved , my noble girl , my only blessing in the world . the duke , who took a knife with a silver blade to raise the upper crust ; but la ramee , who was afraid of any harm happening to this fine work of art , passed his knife , which had an iron blade , to the duke . to war by that	104.76403045654297
means ; you see , the cardinal is about to make the next campaign , helm on head and partisan in hand . , unfolded it , and , raising his hand , “ heaven be praised , and his holiness also , ” said he in a loud voice ; “ here is a pardon for one of the prisoners ! ” and locked the door behind them . , dear monsieur porthos ? ” said she , <unk> . i know what you mean , —the railway , of which he has obtained the grant , is it not ? ” ventured to say , “ i have heard you relate , monsieur mousqueton , that once on a time , at chantilly , you fed	95.57841491699219
your master and yourself by taking partridges in a snare , carp with a line , and bottles with a <unk> . ” a speedy , violent death would be a fine means of deceiving these <unk> enemies , who appeared to pursue him with such incomprehensible vengeance . to begin . post , and smiled sadly on us as we entered . ” left ? frightened by the change in her countenance . , have committed a crime , since you are here and are accused of high treason . ” same man returned in the same carriage , which , instead of stopping this time at the end of the rue férou , drove up to the green door . he had been worsted , and	115.01656341552734
this time on his own ground . , and i thought it might console you all a little to have a share in the matter . not rich and has need of his position as lieutenant to enable him to live . angel whom you hoped for has left this <unk> has nothing more to do with the adoration of men . ” continued morrel ; “ recall the scene , for the words you thought were only given to silence and solitude fell into my ears . whom your majesty interrogates , ” replied the coadjutor in the same calm manner , “ i reply that i hold monsieur le marechal ’ s opinion in every respect . ” , cured ; and one fine morning ,	128.21649169921875
in better health than ever before , he set out for france . ” said de guiche , “ are you going to reply ? ” ” cried porthos . escape , even if i intended . ” the travellers and paris , almost superhuman serenity appeared to surround the count ; he might have been taken for an exile about to revisit his native land . stupefied . ” ” more , doctor ! more and more , his white lips and clenched teeth filled dantès with apprehension . ; and now—— ” at last said athos , the first to speak , “ by this time , i think , all must be over . ” of the room where the queen was receiving he made	113.70037841796875
a sign for them to wait and opening the door : will make you then sign your declaration , and confront you with him you have denounced ; i will supply you with the means of supporting your accusation , for i know the fact well . throw again , do you not ? ” know with whom he had to deal , and fell upon the body of his comrade as if he were dead . the presence of their pupils they fear that some of their <unk> or <unk> may turn out badly cooked . ” a wife , who through everything has behaved like an angel ; he has a daughter , who was about to marry the man she loved , but whose family	134.97947692871094
now will not allow him to wed the daughter of a ruined man ; he has , besides , a son , a lieutenant in the army ; and , as you may suppose , all this , instead of <unk> , only <unk> his sorrows . usual precision , opened a printed paper , and read : ” replied villefort , significantly ; “ it is important that you should be seen there . ” ” said he , “ you are brave young men , proud in daylight , faithful in darkness . was about to harness the horses to my carriage , he discovered that they had been removed from the stables without his knowledge . been many years in use , for it was	73.56951141357422
thickly covered with a coating of soot ; this soot i dissolved in a portion of the wine brought to me every sunday , and i assure you a better ink can not be desired . wind blew upon his cloak . ” out several voices , deceived by the blue ribbon and chestnut horse of winter ; “ take him alive . ” the grotto . and drew up at this inn to rest my horse . of the <unk> of paris , thought that when a man had three names of his different estates joined one to another , he ought to be very happy in such a paradise ; then he shook his head , saying , “ if i were porthos and d ’	172.24636840820312
artagnan came to make me such a proposition as i am going to make to him , i know what i should say to it . ” you may be sure of it . ” porthos , “ ’ tis astonishing how empty violent agitation makes the stomach . ” frenchmen have no consideration ! ” thee , for harm may come of it ! ” you are dreadfully impertinent . ” a great passion on receiving the letter , saying that monsieur porthos was a <unk> , and that she was sure it was for some woman he had received this wound . ” her <unk> heart , and at the distance of a few paces i saw my father , who was glancing anxiously around .	82.6469955444336
. almost , ” said raoul . you will do so , for you are recommended to a young general who is very fond of <unk> that in single combat , which often takes place in the cavalry , never to fire the first shot . ” , ” said mazarin , “ what service do you prefer , in the town or in the country ? ” then , to relate the history of my past sorrows ? ” said she . ” lost . cried aramis , eagerly . march , and at the end of two hours perceived a considerable body of horsemen about half a league ahead . entered the ground floor room , the cardinal , without asking further information , ascended the	96.58280181884766
staircase like a man who has no need of having his road pointed out to him . ! ” said porthos , with his loud laugh . felton . great action bears its recompense with it , the brave exploit of d ’ artagnan resulted in the restoration of the <unk> he had lost . are we not pretty good christians ? ” , deeply grieved at having been prevented the honor of being presented to the countess during her sojourn in paris , was most anxious to make up for it , and had requested him ( franz ) to remedy the past misfortune by conducting him to her box , and concluded by asking pardon for his presumption in having taken it upon himself to do	164.67799377441406
so . the countess g—— entered . very current , and m. de tréville loved incense as well as a king , or even a cardinal . jump on shore ; and had he dared , he would , like <unk> brutus , have “ kissed his mother <unk> ” it was dark , but at eleven o ’ clock the moon rose in the midst of the ocean , whose every wave she <unk> , and then , “ ascending high , ” played in floods of pale light on the rocky hills of this second <unk> . aramis , “ you will please to understand , gentlemen , that bazin alone can carry this letter to tours . would bring about my condemnation , <unk> ,	172.76992797851562
exile ! ” to you ? ” of them yourself to anyone ? ” liberty and we accepted it . in his chamber the personal equipment of a man , complete , except for the sword , arranged along the wall . , don ’ t remind me of it ; ’ tis that which has made me so cross since yesterday . , and the wife and daughters of broussel held up their hands in supplication to the people ; the latter knew that this officer , who was so pale , but who appeared so determined , would keep his word ; they continued to threaten , but they began to disperse . just as long as friendship required , and then avowed to franz that	119.68354034423828
he would do him a great favor by allowing him to occupy the carriage alone the next day . danglars ; “ whether she kill herself or not , what matter , provided dantès is not captain ? ” said athos . robbed ? ” me , ” said monte cristo , “ and i must begin by asking your pardon for what i am about to say , that if m. noirtier disinherits mademoiselle de villefort because she is going to marry a man whose father he detested , he can not have the same cause of complaint against this dear edward . ” he paid the price demanded , without thinking to ask for any <unk> . consider that i have abundantly exercised that in beginning	112.51707458496094
every morning the task of the night before , and every night renewing the task of the day . d ’ artagnan to raoul , seeing that athos wished to be alone , “ come , let us take a turn in the fencing gallery ; that will amuse you . ” sake , where is that ? ” asked the marquise . were taken this morning , will you let me have them ? ” was a stifled groan . , the people who arrest and imprison you , ought , at least , to feed you . ” find there ! ” a dining-room of moderate size , the windows of which opened on one side on a garden , on the other on a <unk>	88.67806243896484
full of magnificent flowers . ? ” . ! ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ don ’ t you see they are <unk> ? ” with the officers of the guard , with the other prisoners , or with me . ” had come twenty minutes before the time appointed . scarron , “ i continue to receive monsieur <unk> <unk> , who thinks ill of me , and you wish me to give up seeing the coadjutor , because he thinks ill of another man . am listening ; conceal nothing , gloss over nothing . winter lied , and she was the more alarmed . , if there be need of it , meaning to offer you fifty pistoles , if , against all probability	83.03482055664062
, you should be short at the present moment . ” and by way of supplying an <unk> remedy , called for four bottles of champagne . the most miserable of queens , but the most unhappy of <unk> , the most wretched of wives . strive , for you ought to live , and to be happy , albert . ” ! —three ! ’ murmured my , father ; — ‘ four ! ’ he then arose , seizing his arms and <unk> his pistols . ; but listen , and you will understand . , ” he said . <unk> you not going to change your dress ? ” may face everything . as a sailor , by my love for mercédès , by the	110.74418640136719
life of my father—— ” with the coadjutor , whom i met last night at madame de rambouillet ’ s and whom i found particular in his remarks respecting me . ” s tomb , ” said he , extending his hand over the head of the young girl , “ i swear to you , haydée , that if any misfortune happens , it will not be to me . ” count andrea cavalcanti , ” announced baptistin . forgive him . ” have simple soldiers , because they have the advantage of serving in a privileged corps , thus to play the great lords ; discipline is the same for them as for everybody else . ” her hands . the old man . ? ”	90.9418716430664
not ; some evidence required from us , perhaps . ” planks of the scaffold creaked with the weight of an advancing procession , and the eager faces of the spectators confirmed what a last hope at the bottom of his heart had prevented him till then believing . simple , ” replied athos . strange , ” said m. de tréville , after meditating a minute ; “ you mentioned my name , then , aloud ? ” de villefort , “ it is really frightful . ” ” said franz , “ leave all to our host ; he has already proved himself full of resources ; let us dine quietly , and afterwards go and see _l ’ <unk> à <unk> ! _ are you	113.14909362792969
going to do with it ? ” asked athos . ? ” said athos to his adversary . i think you are running a great risk of a prosecution for <unk> of character . ” then was heard the regular <unk> of soldiers . , who guessed d ’ artagnan ’ s meaning , darted at him a glance which might have been thought threatening ; but d ’ artagnan took no heed of it . time since the late cardinal burnt urban grandier , though . ” wind , and in a few minutes they were at the gates of london . am at your service . ” the frenchman took off his mask ; teresa , with the chief ’ s consent , did the same	71.8503646850586
. who has displeased you ? . ” debray ; “ he scarcely knew mademoiselle de villefort ; you said so yourself . ” furious , and left to her own <unk> , she went for the marechal de la meilleraie and desired him to take as many men as he pleased and to go and see what was the meaning of this pleasantry . ” he said , “ here you are , peppino ! ” or black , were raised behind by the point of a sword , or before by the barrel of an <unk> or a musket . . toward him and pressed his lips to his brow , as he would have done to a young daughter . you are too much in	70.70092010498047
fortune ’ s way . madame , ” replied the woman , “ it is as i have said . ” he said , “ i must admit that i sent for you to appoint you to quiet service ; i have certain <unk> , what is the meaning of that ? ” monsieur the cardinal and the king . , but it was too late . sink upon his hands , while two large tears rolled down his cheeks . ? ” ; and as the king began to lose what he had won , he was not sorry to find an excuse for playing <unk> we may use a gaming phrase of whose origin we confess our ignorance . madeleine no news ? ” asked aramis	73.37513732910156
, smiling . me , and as my soul was not subdued they wished to <unk> my body forever . and rushed toward her . ? ” he cried . to prove that the general was murdered . the heat of the day unconscious on the battle-field , the cool freshness of the night brought him to himself . with astonishment at the revelation and confession which had produced a catastrophe so different from that which had been expected during the last fortnight by the parisian world . found you humble and penitent , i might have prevented benedetto from killing you ; but i found you proud and <unk> , and i left you in the hands of god . ” friend ? ” asked d ’	100.71316528320312
artagnan . corner ; do not forget them , they are in many circumstances very useful ; there is porthos ’ s purse , too . ” d ’ artagnan , “ i threaten simply and solely because i am obliged to do so . this evening , ” continued mazarin . at the door . was , it seems , sufficiently glorious to allow itself to be ungrateful , and it was so for all services that did not date from the imperial period . him ! been one <unk> if their four hearts had <unk> in one breast . ” ” rome , he went and got himself obscurely killed in a night skirmish , scarcely noticed in history . over the pommel of the saddle	134.92343139648438
, as he was wont to do when he wished to have both hands free , unsealed the letter of madame de longueville and started at a gallop on the road to lens , attended by raoul and his small escort , whilst messengers sent to recall the troops set out with a loose rein in other directions . your trunks . ” that i have you , ” said the old man . united states , check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading , copying , displaying , performing , distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other project gutenberg™ work . the parliament , members of which can , of course , be	190.6449737548828
bought , but even monsieur de mazarin is not rich enough to buy the whole body . ” albert , “ but this has nothing to do with the existence of the count of monte cristo . ” sirs . called lord wilmore , who takes the name of sinbad the sailor . ” the day , and the cold during the night tolerably well , but the third morning my horse died of cold . in the passage to listen at a door , and maximilian and emmanuel , who had <unk> passed forward a few steps , thought they heard him answer by a sigh to a sob from within . that it is the letter <unk> which m. noirtier wants , ” said the notary	91.03372192382812
. cried kitty , “ there is my mistress calling me ! to me , for you form a part of my existence , and , if i may venture to tell you so , i also feel anxious . more fatal , more alarming for us—the child was , perhaps , alive , and the assassin may have saved it ! ” room . this recital with a sigh , a tear , or a shriek for every detail . ’ , in the hopes of discovering a door , but everywhere the walls returned a full and flat sound . handkerchief . he had received ; it was the first rendezvous that had been granted him . yourself ? —well ? ” haydée , “ he	116.67149353027344
did not dare to keep us , so we were sold to some <unk> who were going to constantinople . felton had told all . with all my heart , ” said comminges ; “ for i know who you are and what service you once performed for her majesty ; i know , too , how dear to you is the young man who came so <unk> to my aid when that old rogue of a broussel was arrested . is right , and i believe your majesty will think it equally important . ” an exclamation of joy . the profit would be enormous , there would be a gain of fifty or sixty piastres each for the crew . ? to move , and started	114.55046081542969
off at a moment ’ s notice . , you are right ; and if i have sworn to revenge myself , it is not on the french captain , or the count of morcerf , but on the fisherman fernand , the husband of mercédès the catalane . ” “ shut up ! ” from the audience . , or rather has been in his youth , a <unk> , ” resumed the stranger , continuing the remarks he had begun , and addressing himself to his auditors at the window , without paying the least attention to the <unk> of d ’ artagnan , who , however , placed himself between him and them . tired of singing , and you take a fancy to study	80.77044677734375
diplomacy with the minister ’ s secretary . they were able to distinguish a man , who approached them , swimming vigorously . placed bazin in the cart with his comrades , and they set forward to join porthos . this project ? ” asking , ‘ where is the cardinal ? ’ ‘ what has become of the minister ? ’ ‘ where has the favorite gone ? ’ how they must be looking for monseigneur in all corners ! overcome . no longer fighting , but amused themselves with stories about women , and in the antechamber , with stories about the court . closed the gate and fastened the string to the nail , and cast a look around . other five hundred , ”	156.2834014892578
replied milady , placing her hand upon the bag of gold . report of a meeting of the bonapartist club in the rue saint-jacques , held february 5th , <unk> . ’ ” ” cried d ’ artagnan . sire , it was he ! ” they met bertuccio , who was waiting there , motionless as a sentinel at his post . him , and began to curl his mustache and knit his eyebrows ; but the knee of mme . no more . been arrested , and as i am his wife ’ s confessor , if she knows where he is i shall know it too . ” with his estate of épinay . to the window of the room in which they were ,	68.91283416748047
facing the street . this project ? ” , sir , it was a touching spectacle to see these young creatures , destined by their talents for higher stations , <unk> together , and through their unwillingness to change any of the customs of their paternal house , taking six years to accomplish what less scrupulous people would have effected in two or three . , we shall cover ourselves with glory . shall drown before reaching it , ” continued blaisois . not mistake . my good friend . ” danglars <unk> ” the difficulties of the case ; it was the honor of m. de morcerf , and that of the whole house , he proposed to defend , by <unk> a debate on personal questions	144.59304809570312
, which are always such painful <unk> of discussion . and here we are . ” the youth in his sweet voice , “ it seems to me that there is only one career for a <unk> of the army . said , the young girl left the bedside to see m. noirtier . perfectly comprehending the meaning of the question . blow with a beating heart . ? ” whispered planchet . dantès . dame , where a te deum was <unk> . the service . ” , ” he murmured . madame danglars , dressed in black and concealed in a long veil , was ascending the stairs leading to debray ’ s apartments , notwithstanding the <unk> of the concierge that the young man was	86.8258056640625
not at home , debray was occupied in <unk> the insinuations of a friend , who tried to persuade him that after the terrible scene which had just taken place he ought , as a friend of the family , to marry mademoiselle danglars and her two millions . in our <unk> bonacieux ? ” château-renaud , “ are only found in the volga . ” lightning they perceived the village of <unk> . lead your highness into places where you will have to walk . ” , the governor of the <unk> of the gentlemen i expected <unk> to have such a wish for him , that i gave him to him . ” , and enjoyed the satisfaction of which he had been ambitious all his	79.54855346679688
<unk> of standing behind a gilded carriage . concealed some precious stone , some valuable diamond ; so that we are like those misers who are unable to absent themselves from their treasures . had received the account of the adventure from the mouths of the heroes of it , related it in all its details to his eminence , not forgetting the <unk> of the napkin . ” said albert , “ i beg pardon for my intrusion , but i was anxious to know from your own mouth if your master was really out or not . ” . _moccoli_ , are one of the episodes peculiar to the last days of the carnival . the principle on which i wish to act . ” ”	116.15397644042969
opened and a footman announced mademoiselle paulet . not live if she is not better . ” ’ s life was attempted by poison four days ago , though she escaped , owing to the precautions of m. noirtier . disturb you , i have enough for two . ” , <unk> unlike the virtuous monsieur grimaud so <unk> by la ramee ; for he said nothing and did much . your name , or remain _incognito_ ? ” asked the captain . ! ; if i had any doubts as to my misfortune , these doubts had vanished in an overwhelming reality . as i do , that she deceives me ? ” said the king . ! ! ” replied monte cristo with one of those	113.87541961669922
smiles that a painter could never represent or a <unk> <unk> . of the king he encountered the burning eyes of aramis . they held their pistols ready also . are very clever , ” said d ’ artagnan . held for twenty-five years had succeeded in making him more or less than man . to betray me ? ” ! ” , in order to rest himself ; but the sea was too violent , and he felt that he could not make use of this means of <unk> . upon his knee . and disappeared . the cry of a crow ; a <unk> answered this signal . , go to the right ; porthos , come with me to the left ; these gentlemen should	90.31491088867188
file off into normandy , whilst we , by the nearest road , reach paris . ” answer . , ’ said the chief , ‘ i now understand why carlini stayed behind . ’ the abbé , becoming more and more fixed , seemed to rest with ill-concealed satisfaction on the gloomy depression which was rapidly spreading over the countenance of caderousse . he had cast a rapid , investigating glance into the kitchen ; and he was obliged to confess to himself , to the shame of the procurator ’ s wife and his own regret , that he did not see that fire , that animation , that bustle , which when a good repast is on foot prevails generally in that <unk> of good	160.5901641845703
living . he , “ so long as i do remain in paris , and nothing forces me to quit it , do you mean to tell me that i may rely on receiving the sum you just now mentioned to me ? ” require , and remember that if you are not able to serve me here in paris , you may be of the greatest service to me at marseilles . ” trophies , presenting to view swords of all sorts , and on the walls hung four great pictures representing in their ordinary military costume the cardinal de lorraine , the cardinal de richelieu , the cardinal de la valette , and the archbishop of bordeaux . has sent you some as from us ?	107.98497009277344
” finished his questions , for a moment later he said good-night and carelessly followed the same path taken by the first cavalier . raoul . ” name i want to know , in the midst of your hundred names , that i may pronounce it when we meet to fight , at the moment when i plunge my sword through your heart . ” it , porthos , ” said aramis . every night in france . ” to take a charming promenade ; here is a delicious breakfast ; and yonder are five hundred persons , as you may see through the loopholes , taking us for heroes or <unk> classes of <unk> greatly resembling each other . ” , ” replied athos , in his	107.6344223022461
gentle but decided voice , “ we came here to defend king charles ; we have but ill defended him—it remains for us to save him ! ” by louvieres , had not made another step forward ; but the awful murmuring , which indicates an angry people , continued . , i had so much the habit of calling them by <unk> that i have forgotten their real ones . ” the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete , old , middle-aged and new computers . saying ? ” ? ” asked albert . thought that there was an englishman in all england who would have required so long an explanation to make him understand of whom	259.8086853027344
i was speaking . ” , say to d ’ artagnan that i love him as a son , and embrace him for me . indeed , ” cried he . after <unk> ? ” are , enemies ! ” said porthos . ” said d ’ avrigny , and he took him into the chamber where the sick man lay . resigned himself ; he drew the <unk> , and partook largely of the fish with the garlic and fat . . ” step to find her you are lost . ’ the wounded man and you had time to observe him , and perhaps you would know him again were you to meet him . ” _ said villefort , “ he is a noble fellow	65.2327651977539
. glass touched her lips , her hand remained suspended ; she heard something on the road which sounded like the rattling of a distant gallop . order me to arrest the devil , i would seize him by the horns and would bring him in . ” derive the title of count ? ” as a ‘ de <unk> ’ ; and if besides the pleasure of being in garrison here , we must hear such things as these , no mortal can hold out . ” athos ; “ that does honor to your imagination . ” the same place where the duke had left him . ” cried the duke . millions in your hands alone ! they had expected to be thwarted , to	98.27845001220703
have to force the gates , to overturn the guards . have adopted and who does not even know who was his father . ” ” knows without doubt ; but as for me , i accuse nobody . ” d ’ artagnan to resume this little dialogue ; but then all the ideas of vengeance which he had brought with him had completely vanished . was a woman here ? ” replied aramis , becoming as pale as death . now here are <unk> francs payable shortly ; they are all signed by you , and assigned to our house by the <unk> . ” ” said athos ; “ yet it is probable , on the contrary , that we shall enter , because we seem	93.28379821777344
to have to do with sensible people . the handsomest in the <unk> chamber that i could have let ten times over . ” sir . ” monte cristo ; “ and so those gentlemen down there are men of great talent . friend . asked athos . coachman ; ali will drive . ” the most striking objects in the world , even to a man void of uneasiness ; but for one who has a timid conscience , and with good cause too , the yellow , blue , and white uniform is really very alarming . see , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that you have still that honest lad with you . ” on the field of battle ; but in the	91.8021011352539
meantime we shall part good friends , i hope . ” said villefort , in answer to his wife , “ you know i have never been accustomed to play the patriarch in my family , nor have i ever considered that the fate of a universe was to be decided by my nod . profit upon each article you purchase for my toilet , amounting in the course of a year to a sum <unk> your wages . ” of mine and if he had not so bad a memory he ought to invite me to your wedding , seeing he came to mine . ” the fair one , uttered those terrible shrieks which resounded through the house , while the other , rushing to the	134.42247009277344
bell-rope , rang with all her strength . , ” said caderousse , “ hold up your head , and answer us . i want you to take me up in your fine carriage , and carry me <unk> ” andrea turned pale , but said nothing . monsieur , ” said the duchess , “ you are a true nobleman ! without this casket ? ” , ” he cried , “ but the people have dashed the sentinels against the gates and they are now forcing the doors ; what are your commands ? ” <unk> arms ? ” go , ” said albert in a firm , calm voice ; “ you love me too well to wish me to remain useless and idle with	91.56890869140625
you ; besides , i have signed . ” de saint-méran , ” repeated the doctor , “ then madame de saint-méran , —a double fortune to <unk> ” villefort wiped the perspiration from his forehead . ” said louis xviii. , “ take it , such as it is , for i have not the time to procure you another . augustine monk . ” , and dressed with unusual care . were very long . the steward . here by cardinal mazarin , and at this moment represent both the king and the cardinal , and are , therefore , as ambassadors , able to act with impunity , a thing that general oliver cromwell , who is assuredly as great a politician as he is	98.14582824707031
a general , is quite the man to understand . witty , somewhat talented , as the comic operas say , and <unk> that is happiness , sir—why do you call me unhappy ? ” a room in some respectable house , wear a decent coat , shave every day , and go and read the papers in a café . ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ we must finish with this , ” and in his turn he pressed mordaunt hard , who continued to lose ground , but evidently on purpose and without letting his sword leave the line for a moment . ones . ” felt she was lost if she did not come to the assistance of the disconcerted puritan . ” is	155.4473419189453
perfectly just , ” cried m. de boville . ” replied the major , “ it would be necessary to write to the curé for <unk> , and it would be some time before they could be obtained . ” down his throat , and this remedy which had before been so <unk> to him , produced the same effect as formerly . , when he spoke to you , for sending him about his business . ” went out . chair , his eyes fixed on the clock ; there were seven minutes left , that was all . everybody is looking at her ; and in spite of bradshaw ’ s gaze she has not turned pale . ” . milady , “ i know it	60.2152214050293
is so . in the bargain , for whenever the coward sees the first glimpse of the shores of africa , he runs down below , and can only be induced to appear again when we are out of sight of that quarter of the globe . ” officiating ministers from the most populous , and consequently the most disturbed <unk> of paris had assembled there . but not equally . , perhaps , show us some gratitude ; but the queen would never forgive us , and it is she whom we have to consider . the life of his silent companion but what revealed itself . bonacieux , with a self-sufficient air , “ she is too <unk> a woman . ” villefort , smiling ,	161.42030334472656
“ i confess i should like to be warned when one of these beings is in contact with me . ” find out which of his companions stood in greatest need , he caught a glance from athos . style . tell captain gaumard of his good luck , and to offer him employment from his new master . athos , putting a finger on his lips , with the sad smile peculiar to him ; “ let us talk no more of <unk> will bring bad <unk> ” and athos set forward toward charenton , followed closely by aramis . ” whispered aramis to athos , touching his shoulder with one hand and pointing with the other to the arms which the gascon wore under his belt	132.20530700683594
. not adopt this means , athos ? ” said d ’ artagnan . we see , were worthy of and understood one another . me . seen me trifle with a friend ’ s heart and a king ’ s life ? crime in my house ; for when crime enters a dwelling , it is like <unk> does not come <unk> ’ listen . . ” ” exclaimed porthos . madame bonacieux , ” said the <unk> . die ! ” m. morrel <unk> , ” continued château-renaud , “ is an admirable one , which he will tell you some day when you are better acquainted with him ; today let us fill our stomachs , and not our memories . we asked the question	83.38067626953125
, for there is a wounded and dying man who demands the succor of the church . he , addressing planchet , “ you have eight days to get an interview with lord de winter ; you have eight days to <unk> all sixteen days . not wait for the opposite party to speak . here , then . ” he had retired into a convent , there to <unk> , at least for some time , the follies of <unk> . ” stammered villefort ; “ at least , i hope not . ” no weapon left in your power . ’ then , as we said , d ’ artagnan stopped , asked for a bottle of wine of the best quality , and placing himself	71.02544403076172
in the darkest corner of the room , determined thus to wait till daylight ; but this time again his hopes were disappointed , and although he listened with all his ears , he heard nothing , amid the oaths , coarse jokes , and abuse which passed between the laborers , servants , and <unk> who comprised the honorable society of which he formed a part , which could put him upon the least track of her who had been stolen from him . in their pleasures , as i thought of them in my troubles . court . andrea , some screaming , _ “ la <unk> <unk> ! ” <unk> a cruel operation , which consists in cuffing a comrade who may have fallen into	195.6820526123047
disgrace , not with an old shoe , but with an iron-heeled one . me herself . ” stayed there in his rides about paris , recollected the bell and bottle inn ; he turned around , saw the sign by the light of a reflected lamp , and having dismissed the child , giving him all the small coin he had about him , he began knocking at the door , very reasonably <unk> that having now three or four hours before him he had best <unk> himself against the fatigues of the morrow by a sound sleep and a good supper . already upon the scent , ” resumed d ’ artagnan . few rays , not of daylight , but from a lamp , penetrated	182.20944213867188
through the <unk> planks of the door ; he approached just as the brigand was refreshing himself with a mouthful of brandy , which , owing to the leathern bottle containing it , sent forth an odor which was extremely unpleasant to danglars . globe he inhabited , and of which he could feel nothing , appeared to him perfectly impossible . edmond to himself , “ this is a terrible relapse ! you to be so well acquainted with all this ? ” whispered the count , who depended on the secret spring , which was unknown to the <unk> , clever as he might <unk> “ try again , you have a few minutes ’ work there . ” them to me . ” flash of	140.68994140625
lightning , that seemed to <unk> the remotest heights of heaven , illumined the darkness . ” asked blaisois . , expecting every moment to see that poor wretch holding between his hands the poniard plunged into his heart . ” forty pistoles into his pocket without any <unk> the contrary , thanking his majesty greatly . everything is decided , ” cried porthos , rubbing his hands , “ suppose we think of dinner ! ” the neighborhood . ” , ‘ confess yourselves to one another , ’ and i confess to you , d ’ artagnan . ” forbade her assuming this simple ornament , though she had not yet had time to put on the outward semblance of woe . your eminence , ”	127.76620483398438
said the queen , “ i must inform you that charles i. , my husband , is on the eve of a decisive engagement . instant with his usual impassiveness ; then , seeing that the crisis threatened to be prolonged , he went out . something by scandal , notwithstanding your millions . of his companions and the golden fringe of the cardinal ’ s cloak , he waited till the horsemen had turned the angle of the road , and having lost sight of them , he returned at a gallop to the inn , which was opened to him without hesitation . want of oil , but she paid no heed to the darkness , and dawn came , but she knew not that it	98.73558044433594
was day . . ” buckingham ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . be agreeable to you that we hold our conference ? ” inquired aramis , perceiving that people were stopping to look at them , supposing that they were going to engage in one of those <unk> duels still <unk> in the memory of the parisians , and especially the inhabitants of the place royale . ” said the cardinal , leaning , as they walked through the garden , on his friend ’ s arm , “ you told me just now that you had been twenty years in the queen ’ s service . ” , not feared . ” , which he gave to this man ; then he bowed . hid himself	54.852447509765625
behind it ; in passing by the house where the scene which we have related took place , he remarked that the window was again lighted up and he was convinced that aramis had not yet returned to his own apartment and that when he did it would not be alone . touched with remorse , not at inducing porthos to enter into schemes in which his life and fortune would be in jeopardy , for porthos , in the title of baron , had his object and reward ; but poor mousqueton , whose only wish was to be called <unk> it not cruel to snatch him from the delightful state of peace and plenty in which he was ? not tasted the three or four glasses	192.54864501953125
of rare wine which were placed before him , here took one , and drank it off . madame . , madame , since i saw you for the first time , and during those three years i have loved you thus . chamber occupied by the priest . organ or <unk> on the stomach , another on the brain , another on the intestines . into the midst of this tumult and disorder that our young man advanced with a beating heart , ranging his long rapier up his lanky leg , and keeping one hand on the edge of his cap , with that <unk> of the embarrassed provincial who wishes to put on a good face . ” said , had just fainted ; they	138.84803771972656
had supplied her with a smelling-bottle , and she had recovered . discuss the matter with the queen . ” to her . side , losing its footing , and fell , <unk> raoul ’ s leg under its body . you finish ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ <unk> has become of athos ? ” loyal , ” he said , “ you are brave , faithful and loyal . secret ! not slept , ” said villefort , showing his undisturbed bed ; “ grief does not <unk> me . understood that it was to him this compliment was addressed , approached , assuming a most <unk> air . contrary , they met , and it was the viscount himself who conducted him to	88.64698791503906
the bed of the dying man . ” round , for this attack could not have come from the bastion , which was hidden by the angle of the trench . the stairs ; she pretended to be descending , but in reality she was waiting for him . leave of absence in one hand , and m. de tréville ’ s note in the other . all , but was deaf . to be accused of treason ! he , “ was i mistaken ? ” makes linen as smooth and as easy to write on as parchment . ” the comte de la fere . ” moments , and had heard the last words of the visitor . paces of it , he heard a noise	73.813720703125
of people and the carriage stopped . on the letter . cigars , m. de morcerf . ” me , or shall i take edward ? ” her , monseigneur , ” said athos . piles of golden coin ; in the second , were ranged bars of <unk> gold , which possessed nothing attractive save their value ; in the third , edmond grasped handfuls of diamonds , pearls , and rubies , which , as they fell on one another , sounded like hail against glass . ” ( coming ) exclaimed peppino , who from <unk> the house of signor pastrini understood french perfectly in all its <unk> . —you are my adopted father . perceived , and yet , to his praise we speak	203.209228515625
it , he did not hesitate a second . and , raising it to his purple lips , took about half of the liquid offered him . superb andalusian horse , black as jet , nostrils of fire , legs clean and elegant , rising six years . summoned to await her coming ? ” ” said the englishman , bowing . a large tomb and awaited the arrival of morrel , who by degrees approached the tomb now abandoned by spectators and workmen . i have no relation in the world . a giant . the same impulse . badly sprained her <unk> . ” plan ; i dare say it is a pretty one . ” pronouncing a syllable . finished , they cast the earth	158.7655487060547
over the corpse , until the grave was filled . , ’ tis not easy to make people say what they don ’ t wish to let out . ” , ” added he in a low tone , “ that i should remain in paris just now to watch the paper . ” see , have remained poor , wretched , and forgotten . ” . man of his holy profession would not deceive us ! ” far , madame ; and that i am authorized to seek for the suspected paper , even on the person of your majesty . ” although such a genius , could never have done that . ” ” said milady , in a tone of voice so firm , and	69.0040512084961
with a countenance so unchanged , that if d ’ artagnan had not been in such perfect possession of the fact , he would have doubted . ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ and do you <unk> ” horrible spectacle . made a sign to apprise ali , who , understanding that danger was approaching from the other side , drew nearer to his master . the environs of the castle , ” thought d ’ artagnan . the two musketeers . . ” as it appeared , had smelled unusual perfumes in the house , were of military punctuality , and held their stools in hand quite ready to sit down . quarter of an hour m. d ’ avrigny returned with his associate ; they	82.65526580810547
found the outer gate closed , and not a servant remaining in the house ; villefort himself was obliged to open to them . woman , who would place the knife of jacques clément or of ravaillac in the hands of a fanatic , would save france . ” the count , who felt his heart die away within him ; “ adieu , and think of me . ” thou two horses ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , jumping on one of them . have to know me yet . be brought to you ? ” at once that you intend starving me to death . ” there , ” said aramis . murmured cromwell . village planchet turned to the left in obedience to the	94.54411315917969
orders of aramis , and stopped underneath the window which had light in it . monte cristo , “ that ’ s a fine reason to give . , by the saint honore gate , d ’ artagnan , who had time before him , walked around and re-entered by the porte richelieu . , only by <unk> , with whom you could not associate . ” it seemed fit for table , and preserved its wholesome appearance . ? ” said she . show you the way . ” ” asked athos . sister and i are skillful in <unk> dreams , and even entertain great fear of them ; but of yours it may be said , i hope , every dream is an illusion .	94.28762817382812
leave paris just now without <unk> ” , at present , but quitting paris , as i told you , as soon as possible . his hood , and disengaged his hands from the folds of the cloak . suggest one idea to you ? ” ’ artagnan , who entered the courtyard on horseback , bernouin rubbed his eyes and thought he must be mistaken . ” he said , “ my dear monsieur d ’ artagnan , and you can not set out yet . boy , ” replied the old man , “ it is very fortunate . ” project gutenberg™ him , who requires but a prayer , a word , a tear , and he will forgive ? to m. de tréville ’	62.07619857788086
s . he , biting off with his large white teeth an enormous mouthful of bread , “ i have formed a plan . ” sermon be clear , ” said the curate . morrel , recovering his assurance as he proceeded , “ do you recollect that a few days before the landing of his majesty the emperor , i came to intercede for a young man , the mate of my ship , who was accused of being concerned in correspondence with the island of elba ? his melancholy ride , murmuring between his mustaches , “ these four men must positively be mine . ” <unk> ! ” under cover of the <unk> <unk> , striking her breast so vigorously that everybody , even the	140.838623046875
lady with the red cushion , turned round toward her . felton , “ finally , what did they do ? ” dear duke , go <unk> listen . ” <unk> the countenance of milady ; but this expression was fleeting as the reflection of lightning . it . d ’ artagnan , “ you will go and release your companion , who is guarding the coachman . . the count , “ do you still regret anything in the world , and yet die ? ” ’ avrigny struck his forehead with his hand . upon a topic so pleasing to morrel , that he was ready to accede to anything that valentine thought fit to propose , and he likewise felt that a piece of intelligence	76.18838500976562
such as he just heard ought to be more than sufficient to content him for one day . , ” replied the young man ; “ she will escape us , and it will be your fault , athos . ” to date contact information can be found at the foundation ’ s website and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact , till my legs no longer serve , till my heart bursts in my bosom but i will arrive before they do . ” anguish the cold sweat came forth upon his brow , a pang stronger than death clutched at his <unk> . you are ignorant of the contents of this letter ? ” this time his legs did not tremble , and his sight was clear ;	146.65164184570312
he went to a corner of his dungeon , detached a stone , and with it knocked against the wall where the sound came . sword wound of his companion by a _sortie_ which he <unk> . responded that they would be glad to see the gallows erected ; they would serve for the hanging of those detestable judges who purchased favor at court at the price of the people ’ s misery . time the sacred words : ‘ god is great ! ’ however , my mother had still some hope . ” said d ’ artagnan , bowing , “ we have had that honor . winter , “ it appears to me like a bar of red color . ” tell me , if	116.5548324584961
your sister listened to such a proposition ? ” me that ? —what do you wish ? ” swimming toward us . see me , thinking to make me happy . ; i destined it for her , and , knowing the treachery of the sea i buried our treasure in the little garden of the house my father lived in at marseilles , on the allées de meilhan . cleared up at a later period , ” murmured the young woman ; “ no , monsieur , be silent . ” upon you , for i shall be there , ” replied the cardinal , pointing with his finger to a magnificent suit of armor he was to wear , “ and on our return , <unk>	106.21318054199219
will settle our account ! ” peasant ’ s costume , and as she passed she raised her mask . do not mention it ! ” cried the host , in the most pitiable voice imaginable . , ” said d ’ artagnan , checking him with his hand ; “ and now his eminence confirms it . ” grievously from his wound , though it had been dressed anew by m. de tréville ’ s surgeon , was seated on a post and waiting for his adversary with hat in hand , his feather even touching the ground . escort me home . albert , “ it is of no use to be in the company of a greek if one <unk> just in the same style	89.75627899169922
as with a parisian ; let me speak to her of the east . ” say , ” resumed the guard , “ that coysel is not a sorcerer , but i say that if his prophecy gets wind , it ’ s a sure way to prevent it ’ s coming true . ” we go higher , so that we have a spiral which in defiance of reason rests upon the <unk> and not on the base . said monte cristo , “ you have lost nearly 1,700,000 francs this month . ” , but wait at rueil , for my conviction is that they are at rueil . give my own name , not possessing one , i can tell them my father ’ s	116.38333129882812
. i tell it . yes , ” said noirtier , delighted to be understood . not so scarce as i thought . ” peculiar to <unk> rose and left the room . hours after her from portsmouth , ” said lord de winter . make a speculation in beer , as we did in straw , ” said porthos . speaks of , you gave them to the duke of buckingham , did you not ? certain of that . ” ” said porthos , trying to give to his mustache a curl which it had lost whilst he had been alone . as able as you are . ” user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue	92.20659637451172
all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg™ works . whom d ’ artagnan had impressed the necessity of absolute silence and who did not even now begin to comprehend the scheme of his friend , which was to follow mazarin in his visit to athos , he was simply mute . , yield immediately to the young man ’ s request , but made a few conscientious objections . ” said blaisois . , after the taking of the bastion , the rochellais had <unk> it or left a garrison in it ; the object then was to examine the place near enough to <unk> the reports . in eight days you will be where you ought to be , and my task	117.1263427734375
will be completed . ” , <unk> on your sword , run after adventures , and leave as in old times a little of your fat on the roadside . ” air of importance which such people assume when they are clad with military dignity , said : bonacieux impatiently with his eyes till he had gone out ; and the moment the door closed , “ they have seen each other ; ” said he , approaching the cardinal eagerly . that you can do with most project gutenberg™ electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement . ? ” so . ” athos , “ in your <unk> ” you are right , ” said the host . broad sheet of lightning	107.36233520507812
opened the horizon in its whole width , darted like a serpent over the black mass of trees , and like a terrible scimitar divided the heavens and the waters into two parts . a cry , but a cry of joy . since you are so liberal , i ought to offer you something . ” artagnan ’ s practice , ever since the riots , to sleep in the same room as porthos , and on this <unk> morning he was still there , sleeping , and dreaming that a yellow cloud had overspread the sky and was <unk> gold pieces into his hat , which he held out till it was overflowing with pistoles . had passed since noirtier first fell into this sad state	161.95236206054688
, valentine ’ s powers of invention had been too often put to the test not to render her expert in <unk> <unk> for gaining a knowledge of his wishes , and the constant practice had so perfected her in the art that she guessed the old man ’ s meaning as quickly as if he himself had been able to seek for what he wanted . the two women to emmanuel , “ we are indeed ruined . ” , “ a charming woman , who entertained kind views toward our friend d ’ artagnan , who , on his part , has given her some offense for which she tried to revenge herself a month ago by having him killed by two musket shots , a	157.44171142578125
week ago by trying to poison him , and yesterday by demanding his head of the cardinal . ” ” said porthos . , provided it is safe , ” said the commissary , with an indifference which penetrated poor bonacieux with horror . need of it . ” d ’ artagnan ; “ it will make a little change . ” what country you are , ” said the young man , in the purest <unk> . corner of the rue de la <unk> when the boy rushed after him like a bloodhound on full scent . ” company , and on leaving the faubourg st. antoine , mounted two horses properly equipped , which a servant without livery had waiting for them . . ? ”	78.34297943115234
asked felton . you will remember those two vows , will you not ? mazarin , drawing the ring from his finger , “ my dear d ’ artagnan , there is a diamond which belonged to you formerly , it is but just it should return to you ; take it , i pray . ” . ” ” ? ” asked aramis , in the same language . to assist me , beauchamp , if contempt has not banished it from your heart . ” into the mass of documents piled before him , he opened the drawer of his desk , touched a spring , and drew out a parcel of cherished <unk> , amongst which he had carefully arranged , in characters only known	72.37422943115234
to himself , the names of all those who , either in his political career , in money matters , at the bar , or in his mysterious love affairs , had become his enemies . to meet him , and the gigantic porthos , who stood a head above the entire rabble , soon announced that he saw the royal equipage approaching . this , on the same road , there is an inn , and about a mile further on , after leaving the inn , you will reach the village of greney . mass , in the chapel of the virgin . ” i gave him a box on the ear , such as i gave this morning to the little citizen who <unk> me	138.2508087158203
, it would change the appearance of things . ” alone , but albert observed that as this was an unusual circumstance he might be allowed to <unk> from the usual etiquette of duels . at the pomme-de-pin . you ? ” five minutes ’ grace , we have only ten left . ” i assure you , though i would not say so to others , that if the queen , acknowledging the <unk> she has done me , would recall my mother and give me the <unk> of the admiralty , which belonged to my father and was promised me at his death , well ! said caderousse sententiously , “ one can talk while eating . window in front of the carriage . the way	114.40040588378906
of it , ” said the minister , with the gravest air in the world : “ napoleon lately had a review , and as two or three of his old <unk> expressed a desire to return to france , he gave them their dismissal , and <unk> them to ‘ serve the good <unk> ’ these were his own words , of that i am certain . ” during the prescribed three months to her estate of saint-méran ; i say hers , for she inherits it today . excellency ’ s project ? ” towards my brain . artagnan , ” replied aramis , “ you understand , when i was a musketeer i mounted guard as seldom as i could ; now when i am	109.87100219726562
an abbé i say as few masses as i can . very private spot . is you . ” , company of dessessart . ” say that we had too much trouble in taking him to let him off so easily . ” i come to beg you to render me a service . ” yes , i know you are very indulgent toward the queen , too indulgent , perhaps ; we shall have occasion , i warn you , at some future period to speak of that . ” <unk> has been sent for , who will be tomorrow at the castle , and will return as often as you desire her presence . ” by the terrible confidence of athos ; yet many things appeared	94.92555236816406
very obscure to him in this half revelation . ” exclaimed raoul , fixing his glance on one point in the stream , splendidly illumined by the setting sun , “ a horse , a rider ! ” d ’ artagnan to himself , “ can this be the seigneur du vallon de bracieux de pierrefonds ? my turn and it has sometimes not been disgraced when the hilt was in my hand and the sheath at my side . fight as an amateur . certainly not ; a good man , a man holding religious office , as does the abbé busoni , could not condescend to deceive or play off a joke ; but your excellency has not read all . ” man ’ s brain	157.3734130859375
instantly responded to the idea that <unk> all <unk> ! cunning fellow , ” murmured mousqueton . not familiar with the slang of the rue de <unk> , and as it is fifteen years since we applied this word for the first time to this thing , allow us to explain to them what is a mousetrap . few minutes monsieur raised his voice , and said , “ i want for this mission three or four volunteers , led by a man who can be depended upon . ” and had the vexation of hearing that the prisoner played , drank , sang , but that whilst playing , drinking , singing , he often stopped short to vow that mazarin should pay dear for all the	161.2657470703125
amusements he had forced him to enter into at vincennes . . delicacy , ” said andrea , <unk> the notes hastily into his pocket . this cavern , morcerf ? ” asked beauchamp . only let me know where to find you that i may not run needlessly about the neighborhood . ” significant manner in which the whole party pointed to my blood-stained garments , i involuntarily surveyed myself , and then i discovered that the thick warm drops that had so bedewed me as i lay beneath the staircase must have been the blood of la carconte . relate it everywhere , and to everyone , so that the emotion of our unknown benefactor might reveal his presence . ” satisfy himself that it really	183.84828186035156
belongs to us , he wishes you to relate to him , as i have done already , the miraculous manner in which the diamond came into our possession . her hand , and turning with flashing eyes upon kitty , she cried , “ what is this letter ? ” the parliament , which , supported by the citizens , replied by declaring that cardinal mazarin was the cause of all the discontent ; denounced him as the enemy both of the king and the state , and ordered him to retire from the court that same day and from france within a week afterward ; <unk> , in case of disobedience on his part , all the subjects of the king to pursue and take him	116.90254211425781
. he , ‘ are dogs who bark and bite at the same time , they are for the two first who shall have a longing for your diamond , friend caderousse . ’ de winter , the corrupted catholic , knows very well that i am not of his religion , and this is a snare he wishes to lay for me ! ” as the two friends approached to enter , they showed them every kind of civility , thinking them <unk> from the royal party and wishing to bind them to their own . heaven ’ s name ! ” and raoul fell back trembling upon his chair . is at work , which is the same as if he were out . ” on	105.57825469970703
the marquis de saint-méran ? ” , marquis , or you will lose it all . ” a run of two leagues , mousqueton ’ s horse sank . he , “ what is this ? that it was wine which produced this sadness ; for in truth he only drank to combat this sadness , which wine however , as we have said , rendered still darker . the young girl , passing her hand across her burning forehead . do not recollect telling you that . ” proverb that is very much in point . ” was that ? ” will serve for my excuse . had never been before . from any one of us a home instead of from mazarin ? ” replied julie	103.97711181640625
with hesitation ; “ what is your pleasure ? born , and my blood is warm , as you may have remarked , my dear d ’ artagnan . ? ” , ” said morrel . till his tongue <unk> to the roof of his mouth ; then , no longer able to resist , he called out . entirely , sir ; but all that even you know with respect to the french code , i know , not only in reference to that code , but as regards the codes of all nations . whose name had never once been uttered by athos , gave d ’ artagnan uneasiness . seized the letter , read it , or rather devoured it , his countenance radiant .	98.41449737548828
in the dressing-room ? ” sir ! by this delay , and you are now about to hear it . the principle of horace , <unk> <unk> , had contented himself with showing his knowledge by declaring in what lake the best lampreys were caught . while two silent tears rolled down her cheeks . ? ” those who think that the necessary silence of the night brings counsel with it . the circumstance of my having bought her one day , as i was passing through the market at constantinople . ” a manner as to turn their backs on nobody . ” demanded porthos . insupportable to her that at the risk of whatever terrible consequences might result to herself from it , she implored the	191.20423889160156
captain to put her on shore ; but the captain , eager to escape from his false <unk> between french and english cruisers , like the <unk> between the <unk> and the <unk> in great haste to regain england , and positively refused to obey what he took for a woman ’ s caprice , promising his passenger , who had been particularly recommended to him by the cardinal , to land her , if the sea and the french permitted him , at one of the ports of <unk> , either at lorient or brest . and rang the bell thrice . before the imperious look of his master , and remained motionless , without making any answer . the policy of <unk> governments to suffer the	165.78614807128906
victims of their persecutions to reappear . therefore , for eleven o ’ clock , desiring signor pastrini to inform him the moment that albert returned to the hotel . château-renaud in his turn , keeping his little cane in his left hand , and saluting with his right . he , “ mad , desperate , determined to get rid of an existence from which she had stolen everything , honor and happiness , my poor brother returned to lille , and learning the sentence which had condemned me in his place , surrendered himself , and hanged himself that same night from the iron bar of the loophole of his prison . ; the stranger made a feint and a lunge , and that so rapidly	147.82369995117188
that when monsieur porthos came to the <unk> , he had already three inches of steel in his breast . agitated you seem ! ” are not what they were formerly , ” observed porthos ; “ everything <unk> . ” ” do , for fear of losing the <unk> the name along the route . when the wheels of that coach crossed the gateway a report was heard , and a thick smoke escaped through one of the panes of the window , which was broken by the explosion . holsters , that velvet <unk> , that saddle studded with <unk> they all for me ? ” he crossed the pont neuf , congratulated himself on having found planchet again , for at that time an intelligent	144.28428649902344
servant was essential to him ; nor was he sorry that through planchet and the situation which he held in rue des lombards , a connection with the bourgeoisie might be commenced , at that critical period when that class were preparing to make war with the court party . a native ? ’ tell me , did he put all these questions to you ? ” his party were <unk> the street “ les bons enfants ” behind the theatre built by richelieu expressly for the play of “ <unk> , ” and in which mazarin , who was an amateur of music , but not of literature , had introduced into france the first opera that was ever acted in that country . millions which i	285.94580078125
paid away ; almost directly afterwards another demand for the same sum was presented to me ; i put this creditor off till tomorrow and i intend leaving today , to escape that tomorrow , which would be rather too unpleasant for me to endure . the young man , with anxiety , “ i shall be sure to be placed in an agreeable position . ” <unk> ” ! ” about , but that ’ s of no consequence to us , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ let us ride onward . ” but his voice failed him . ” france with millions , had been unable to find the grave of his father , who had perished from hunger . the kiosk at my	101.15455627441406
father ’ s feet , were seated twenty palikares , concealed from view by an angle of the wall and watching with eager eyes the arrival of the boats . wood d ’ artagnan perceived the road that had been described to him , and at the end of the road he saw the towers of an immense feudal castle . me ! ” said milady to herself , at the height of joy at having obtained so quickly such a great result . you ; your wounds are mortal . ? ” , and was able easily to understand his thoughts , and to convey her own in return , and , through her <unk> and devoted <unk> , it was seldom that , in the ordinary	111.17816162109375
transactions of every-day life , she failed to anticipate the wishes of the living , thinking mind , or the wants of the almost inanimate body . danglars , “ but i confess i didn ’ t quite comprehend its meaning . ” ” answered caderousse ; “ we might be interrupted in the most interesting part of my story , which would be a pity ; and it is as well that your visit hither should be made known only to ourselves . ” tréville announced this good news to the three musketeers and d ’ artagnan , inviting all four to breakfast with him next morning . guitant , with a burst of laughter ; “ those men must be poets . ” said the count	110.52762603759766
, speaking to ali in the arabic language , “ is desirous that her son should thank you for saving both their lives ; but the boy refuses , saying you are too ugly . ” . pain which gnawed at his heart , and then <unk> through his whole body . regret , as he said , he was obliged to keep his bed . to meet him ? ” in leaving his house that m. de caderousse was murdered by his friend benedetto . is the isle of dogs . door of his study ; having in a few words thanked the district doctor , he turned to d ’ avrigny , and said : doubt on that score . ” should be sulky with us	102.65896606445312
for having captured the stuart , for whom , i hope , you ’ re preparing a pretty trial . ” supper , but he rose quickly on hearing the two friends announced . of entries and <unk> ? ” , you received a visit from cavois , ” resumed the cardinal . dishonored by appearances ? athos , “ perhaps a king should act thus , but not a husband and a father . right to say that vengeance is the pleasure of the gods . into twenty-four hours , each hour into sixty minutes , and every minute <unk> into sixty seconds ? was for his sake she has committed these crimes . calm yourself . in rolling her husband up to the table . it	168.9368896484375
was a temporary <unk> . council of state , ” d ’ artagnan remarked to porthos ; “ but we held better ones at la rochelle , with athos and aramis . ” the windows at the palazzo rospoli , by way of recompense for the loss of our beautiful scheme , i don ’ t know but what i should have held on by my original plan . ’ s conveyed a terrible doubt ; it alarmed d ’ artagnan more than a menace would have done , for it was a warning . think we are in bad company . ” to have made you the offer of these horses . . ” groans , and next morning , as soon as wasilio ’ s wife	102.8358383178711
could muster up courage to venture abroad , she caused the door of our dwelling to be opened by the public authorities , when assunta , although dreadfully burnt , was found still breathing ; every drawer and closet in the house had been forced open , and the money stolen . say to the people ? ” ” answered the marquis . ” answered the three friends ; “ it is a family affair . against me with that hypocritical grief which renders her so interesting , and this last offense has made the cup overflow . ” as others doubtless will admire , the details we have to relate , our main preoccupation concerned a matter to which no one before ourselves had given a thought	243.4078826904297
. knew the name of the person to whom it was addressed , ” said villefort . , my brave fellow ? ” said athos . my dear duke . as you see , great need of hearing from you . to show you how sincere i am . ” which screened the sun from the grapes , and won the heart of the gardener . , and would have gone down to her grandfather ’ s room , but on the stairs she met m. de villefort , who took her arm and led her into the drawing-room . sealed the letter with her private seal , and gave it to mme . cardinals that can fight ? you , jacopo ? ” returned the captain .	62.4041748046875
gave the keys of valentine ’ s room to m. de villefort , so that no one could reach the <unk> excepting through that of madame de villefort and little edward . way for ten minutes . forced the man to turn away his head . ? , which whistled through the air like a <unk> , and the <unk> mass fell with a <unk> crash on the <unk> ’ s skull and crushed it . we shall not be <unk> if we pay our respects to him directly ? ” marchioness , your duchess , your princess . athos , “ what are we to do with ourselves till evening ? said to herself , “ is lost , and so are we . a time when	90.7556381225586
i little thought i should ever be able to accomplish it , ” said the unknown with a singular smile ; “ and i made some others also which i hope i may fulfil in due season . ” ’ s idea ! ” said aramis . it altogether , ” said athos ; “ but i wish to remind aramis that he can not quit the camp , and that nobody but one of ourselves is trustworthy ; that two hours after the messenger has set out , all the <unk> , all the police , all the black caps of the cardinal , will know your letter by heart , and you and your clever person will be arrested . ” , and mazarin , who	87.5339584350586
had held his breath , ventured to breathe again . ! ” to d ’ artagnan . , his anger increased at every step ; and instead of the proper and lofty speech he had prepared as a prelude to his challenge , he found nothing at the tip of his tongue but a gross personality , which he accompanied with a furious gesture . died away when signor pastrini himself entered . , madame ? ” said he . the major , “ there might be doubts raised . ” done you the honor to remain here ? ” is time to draw back , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and your eminence is perfectly free . ” sir . ” cried the abbé ;	73.41951751708984
“ impossible ! ” deduction from this compensation , sir ? ” inquired monte cristo . out ? ” ? ” same time to procure you amusement and glory , gentlemen , ” said athos . is formed , let us act promptly . you will have <unk> and all the rest . ” son has left england , that he is in france , on his road to paris , if he be not here already . ” the cardinal , “ leave severity to your ministers . <unk> nowadays . ” three friends ; “ ’ tis mordaunt ! ” the pasha ’ s troops , ” replied morcerf ; “ and it is no secret that i owe my fortune , such as it is	57.503456115722656
, to the <unk> of the illustrious <unk> chief . ” interest stirred his blood . never weep , ” said milady . you have seen me ; you knew me once . ” him . ” be found on arresting him , for the letter will be found upon him , or at his father ’ s , or in his cabin on board the _pharaon_ . ” fly from me by returning to paris ; you believed that i would not dare to quit the treasure over which my master had charged me to watch . count , in a tone that made franz shudder , “ this young gentleman is one of _my <unk> young gentleman lodges in the same hotel as <unk> young gentleman	95.51512908935547
has been up and down the corso for eight hours in my private carriage , and yet , i repeat to you , you have carried him off , and conveyed him hither , and , ” added the count , taking the letter from his pocket , “ you have set a ransom on him , as if he were an utter stranger . ” my lord , ” said felton ; “ the circumstances are more serious than you perhaps believe . ” arm , which fell back by its own weight , perfectly inanimate and helpless . he was a strapping fellow of forty , or five-and-forty , who had more than once , in time of danger , given ample proof of his presence	105.73155975341797
of mind and courage . ” five hundred men , did you not ? ” said the procureur with his imperturbable calmness of manner , “ i consider those alone misfortunes which are <unk> . ” of that , albert ? —at two-and-twenty to be thus famous ? ” , ” said athos , “ are many , but be assured we shall take no improper advantage of them . ” singing boy at notre dame ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . men . ” worthy of a prince to travel upon such horses . ” ! _ one might believe this is an allusion to the queen-mother ! ” and i my title ? ” a man your friend whom you have only known for eight	106.63813781738281
or ten days ? moment , moved by a similar impulse , looked back also . ’ exclaimed caderousse . , that explains all . the same to him , ” said albert . no longer pure , but thick and <unk> , —he was in prison . said he , calling d ’ artagnan ’ s attention to the fact that they had come back to the chateau after an hour ’ s walk , “ we have made a tour of my <unk> . ” months he had learned to write . if it is coming . ” athos , who , standing up with outstretched hand and quite out of his mind , thus assailed the public accuser . , athos ; one can hide	85.2769546508789
nothing from you , ” answered d ’ artagnan . , working at a list of pensions and <unk> , of which he was trying to reduce the number . and they started at a gallop by the rue richelieu . am come to look for him ; he is a friend of mine . ” said he to d ’ artagnan , “ a suggestion . ” avrigny , i beseech you , do something for her ! ” redistributing project gutenberg™ electronic works manner ? ” cried athos . great hand of porthos with her delicate fingers , smiled , made the sign of the cross , and left the church . bodies . ” backwards , and bowing down to the ground ; it was	65.7185287475586
the first time he had ever met a similar client . , have pity on me ! ” murmured the executioner ; and he fell back on the bed , pale , trembling , and apparently about to die . milady ; “ let us not , even here , speak thus of him . my death was suicide ; and yet it is important for the honor of my memory , —and this surely is not vanity , but a <unk> pride , —it is important the world should know that i have consented , by my free will , to stop my arm , already raised to strike , and that with the arm which has been so powerful against others i have struck myself .	97.27127075195312
of having reached the end of the route he had only <unk> its beginning , and he therefore turned round and retraced his steps . to be present at the trial . ” you a question . a point of the sea , commanded by the terrace where he was . said he , “ appears to be an infamous creature , but not the less you have done wrong to deceive her . delighted with his joke , went away laughing loudly . are , and get along with you upon your journey , ” replied the duchess , with the gayety which made her so charming , “ for i am sufficiently in bad odor already , without compromising myself still more . ” fast on	118.7785415649414
an errand with which my grandfather charged him , and when he returned , took nothing but a glass of lemonade . ” wrong , father , ” she said , “ that you should take this key from me ? ” to wait for us on the piazza del popolo , by the via del babuino , for i shall be glad to pass , myself , through the corso , to see if some orders i have given have been executed . ” the queen , and to the cardinal ; moreover , i have answered for your devotion also . ” will go . ” apparently . he said you would make an excellent steward , i concluded you had <unk> was all . ”	85.04804229736328
albert , ” he said , with all the emotion he was capable of feeling , — “ believe me , i feel deeply for your misfortunes , and if in any way i can serve you , i am yours . ” with you , baron ? ” d ’ artagnan said to him as they descended the staircase of the palais royal . too warm , in my opinion , about the fate of madame bonacieux . ” looked at athos as if seeking to read in his eyes a rule of conduct . leave him to be educated by our enemies , who will give him evil counsel ; whereas , brought up by the coadjutor , for instance , he would imbibe national principles	107.82294464111328
and love his people . ” , a part he was playing ? ” stoop to nobody but the king , the cardinal , and <unk> he considered the first three personages in france . ” evening my enemy resolved to paralyze the resistance he could not conquer . he to debray , who had thrown himself into an easy-chair at the farthest extremity of the salon , and who held a pencil in his right hand and an account book in his left , “ what are you doing there ? , madame ; the orders are issued . ” returned the count , with surprise . , and saw with pleasure , in a little <unk> , that her white complexion and brilliant eyes were alone	124.22144317626953
visible . mysterious under all this , athos ; this woman is one of the cardinal ’ s spies , i am sure of that . ” is no more , and therefore can have nothing to do with hatred or revenge , so let all such feeling be buried with him . ” unscathed , and it was fright alone that had overcome teresa . cried porthos , <unk> his hands and nodding his head . two men seemed imminent ; but by degrees carlini ’ s features relaxed , his hand , which had grasped one of the pistols in his belt , fell to his side . <unk> to be made a baron ? ” tréville , “ as i told you , monsieur d	84.64395141601562
’ artagnan is little more than a boy ; and as he has not the honor of being a musketeer , he was dressed as a citizen . , leaving behind it a glittering stretch of foam . are not a woman , ” muttered mazarin . to put up at the ‘ arms of england ’ ? ” ” said the young man . and the past , there is an abyss between you , edmond , and the rest of mankind ; and i tell you freely that the comparison i draw between you and other men will ever be one of my greatest tortures . ” said the young man ; “ oh , no , indeed , the count will do me the justice	67.52212524414062
to assert that i have , on the contrary , always entreated him to break off my engagement , and happily it is ended . ? ” us in italy , ” said valentine timidly . worth more to be viewed with an angry eye than not to be seen at all . ” said the stranger , “ he has neither fled nor is in prison ? ” ” of the brigands remarked to his comrades that cucumetto was stationed ten paces in carlini ’ s rear when he fell . ? ” go , just god ? ” his hotel , ordered horses to be ready in two hours , and asked to have his breakfast brought to him . he here he would confirm every	124.3721694946289
<unk> wrote then to franz that if he did not come with the four thousand crowns before six , at ten minutes past i should have gone to join the blessed saints and glorious martyrs in whose company i had the honor of being ; and signor luigi vampa , such was the name of the chief of these bandits , would have scrupulously kept his word . ” ” , yet he fearlessly condemns . impression on mordaunt . , has not dantès given you a letter from him ? ” as a waiting maid ? , ” resumed mazarin , “ that it is in a double envelope . ” touched the brush with the tips of their fingers and made the sign of the cross	149.89747619628906
; the coadjutor threw a piece of money into the hat , which was on the ground . sir , it was expressly forbidden ; but they <unk> the vigilance of the guards , and made a passage from one dungeon to the other . ” be the more grateful to you , as she knows your antipathy for that amusement ; besides , it will be an opportunity for her to wear those beautiful diamonds which you gave her recently on her birthday and with which she has since had no occasion to adorn herself . ” ” said madame de villefort ; and she passed over to monte cristo a bottle full of the same kind of red liquid whose good properties the count had <unk>	113.32479858398438
on edward . the count . ” smiled porthos , with his sublime composure . , —although it is immaterial to me , —where are we going ? ” proudly ; as to teresa , her eyes sparkled when she thought of all the fine <unk> and gay jewellery she could buy with this purse of gold . against the solid rock , and it would take ten experienced miners , duly furnished with the requisite tools , as many years to perforate it . they were to go first to monsieur de bouillon , as his house came first ; but first of all athos begged that he might go to the hotel du grand charlemagne , to see raoul . at work at his poem ,	198.72967529296875
shut himself up in athos ’ s closet , and begged not to be disturbed before the moment of drawing swords . by a struggle ? albert ’ s hope , the day passed <unk> by any incident , excepting two or three encounters with the carriage full of roman peasants . than going to m. danglars ? ” in despair , die and be damned ! ” and drawing a poniard from beneath his robe he thrust it into the breast of the wounded man , saying , “ here is my absolution ! ” on account of the ostentatious luxury of his wife , whose house was hung with red velvet <unk> with gold fringe . been here ? ” air like the passion and anger	151.7902374267578
in her thoughts . , sir ? of everything , only i eat but little ; and today , that you reproach me with my want of appetite , is my day of appetite , for i have not eaten since yesterday morning . ” postscript , which made him forget the <unk> of the letter . my treasure , my hope . villefort . his pocket a paper . . . passed away ; and the evening came on slowly , but finally it came . , <unk> it were not my <unk> i should come one day , pale as a spectre , and say to you , ‘ assassin , you have killed my child ! ’ <unk> that should happen , although i am	95.43113708496094
a christian , m. d ’ avrigny , i should kill myself . ” ” you are the only person who can serve me , monsieur de rochefort . passed by <unk> in one rapid and instructive course . they said this . towards his mother-in-law , for it was she . written , carlini seized it , and hastened to the plain to find a messenger . by that veiled lady i met you with the other sunday , near the gate st. honoré . ” quickly , and come up to me , ” said andrea to his groom . result of those duels ? ” ” a painting by léopold robert or <unk> . , turned to monte cristo . in noirtier ’ s eyes	95.92312622070312
; he was evidently trying to discover the motive of this proceeding , and he could not succeed in doing so . has become queen of paris , <unk> interim , and since she could not venture at once to establish herself in the palais royal or the tuileries , she is installed at the hotel de ville , where she is on the point of giving an heir or an heiress to that dear duke . ” carelessness . he cried ; “ stand off the road ! ” a lackey to be found ? ” you will not oppose our executing the orders we have received ? ” asked one who appeared to be the leader of the party . said the baron . will come	100.19842529296875
on board , m. morrel , ” said dantès , observing the owner ’ s impatience , “ here is your supercargo , m. danglars , coming out of his cabin , who will furnish you with every particular . in any case , and is still less so on the part of those who came to bring the queen the message of a liar . ” is as i have said , maximilian , —there is no one in the world of whom i can ask help but yourself and my grandfather , who is little better than a <unk> support to cling to but my mother in heaven ! ” ’ replied the shepherd , with the same air as he would have replied , alexander	90.62287902832031
, king of <unk> . , ” said albert , “ that instead of opposing , she will encourage me . ” the mercer ’ s young wife was , but had promised to have her sought for ; but this promise was very vague and did not at all reassure d ’ artagnan . they placed a small table upon which stood a bottle of orangeade , her usual beverage , and a glass . to say more , and refrained . subterranean retreat at the expiration of five minutes , he found the abbé seated upon a wooden stool , leaning his elbow on a table , while margotin , whose animosity seemed appeased by the unusual command of the traveller for refreshments , had crept	143.94667053222656
up to him , and had established himself very comfortably between his knees , his long , <unk> neck resting on his <unk> , while his dim eye was fixed earnestly on the traveller ’ s face . winner ? ” of each of <unk> on arriving in france . it ! , you will not refuse to accept one of them , and to request your three companions to accept the others—that is , in order to make war against us . <unk> , or even gold crowns , ” thought d ’ artagnan , “ we shall yet be able to do business <unk> ” he saluted the cardinal and plunged the bag into the depths of an immense pocket . is very rich , —at	104.60409545898438
least , i believe so , ” said monte cristo . , despite one slight shade of care , light as a summer cloud , seemed a physiognomy of absolute felicity . murmured caderousse , seeking to regain the window , which the count pitilessly <unk> “ reverend sir , i don ’ t <unk> me—i take my <unk> ” he . in the middle of the room , bursting with laughter . young and handsome ? ” asked the cardinal , with a certain degree of anxiety . , poured out for himself a glass of water with a trembling hand ; then hastily swallowing it , went to sit down at the first vacant place , and this was , by mere chance , placed next	131.8707275390625
to the seat on which poor mercédès had fallen half fainting , when released from the warm and affectionate embrace of old dantès . the <unk> , and is gold your god ? the queen , “ it is time for his majesty to go to bed . ” about ten o ’ clock in the morning , the banker himself had been walking to and fro for some minutes thoughtfully and in evident uneasiness , watching both doors , and listening to every sound . , and spoken to her ! du vallon is rich and has therefore nothing in the way of fortune to desire ; but i think i remember that there was a question between him and monsieur mazarin as to making his estate	127.80105590820312
a barony . , has she tried to fly ? ” even . ” aramis ? ” instantly . ” no one was to be allowed admission ; but the sentinel , who knew that mordaunt was one of the most confidential friends of the general , thought the order did not extend to the young man . ” asked franz , “ what do you wish me to do with this paper ? ” the match , had not the noble marquis anticipated my wishes by requesting my consent to it . ’ ” ? ” vallon , is of a very melancholy disposition , so much so , that one can scarcely get three words out of him all day . the air of a man	77.86500549316406
who is aware of the rank of his guest ; then , after having led monte cristo around the little garden , he returned to the house . having both a sister and an adopted son , you have never spoken to me of either ? ” private stair , mazarin leaning on the arm of d ’ artagnan a hand the musketeer felt trembling . the cannon which announced the fatal event , she had ordered the anchor to be weighed . continued aramis , “ i have lived very agreeably . does it signify whether it was he or i ? said d ’ artagnan , reappearing under the shoulder of the giant , “ but i am in such <unk> was running after someone <unk>	119.63504028320312
” and is it not that he may never do us any harm ? ” he said ; “ i have my conditions to impose . to give a ball to mazarin . ” tell me at least , was struck with a master ’ s hand . ” diamond in your possession , sir ? in their cloth robes and preceded by six sergeants , each holding a <unk> in his hand , went to attend upon the king , whom they met on the steps , where the provost of the merchants made him the speech of <unk> compliment to which his majesty replied with an apology for coming so late , laying the blame upon the cardinal , who had detained him till eleven o	107.03411865234375
’ clock , talking of affairs of state . ’ artagnan ’ s rapidity in action and that he is not the man to lose an hour , knowing that we were expecting him . ” ” , d ’ artagnan , ” replied athos , without falling into the snare which his gascon friend had prepared for him by an appeal to his <unk> love , “ however that may be , you know in the bottom of your heart that it is true ; but i am wrong to dispute with my master . for leaving you so abruptly ; but a most ridiculous circumstance has occurred , which is this , <unk> & french , the roman bankers , have sent to me a certain	86.75318145751953
person calling himself the count of monte cristo , and have given him an unlimited credit with me . ” is not all . ! ” said he ; “ it is the day my father was <unk> ” valentine and villefort were dumb ; the eye of the old man alone seemed to say clearly , “ go on . ” said aramis , “ there are questions between them at this very moment . by me—i was not even aware of it ; but you have , by the step you have taken , called my attention to the paragraph in question , and it will remain until it shall be either contradicted or confirmed by someone who has a right to do so . ”	80.9952163696289
not make madame de villefort even smile , so much was every mind engaged , and so solemn was the situation . road , excellency , and now you can not again mistake . ’ renée , for he fancied she was again about to plead for dantès . ” said the curate , “ that i have recommended you to this gentleman , who is a powerful lord , and that i have made myself responsible for you . ” you said i offended the good god , ’ said la carconte with a horrid smile . st. valery , he found a horse quite ready and awaiting him . do with him ? ” we offer them double that we shall not procure a carriage .	108.09475708007812
” friends , word for word , all that had passed between him and his host , and how the man who had abducted the wife of his worthy landlord was the same with whom he had had the difference at the hostelry of the jolly miller . ” cried the countess ; “ you must not leave me . ; he had to collect the documents he had long been preparing against this storm , which his sagacity had foreseen . ” murmured the two young people . ; but do not be too confident . the help we <unk> chance ? ” resumed morrel . the gascon ; “ he looks displeased . spot where he and the stranger were , the roof had given way	118.04357147216797
, leaving a large round opening , through which might be seen the blue vault of heaven , thickly studded with stars . d ’ épinay . ” count of monte cristo had ever been in france before he made this visit to paris ? ” m. de tréville , if , at the bottom of all this , they had not felt it was the great love he bore them which made him speak thus . much at hearing the stories ; but vampa reassured her with a smile , tapping the butt of his good fowling-piece , which threw its ball so well ; and if that did not restore her courage , he pointed to a crow , <unk> on some dead branch , took	124.52420043945312
aim , touched the trigger , and the bird fell dead at the foot of the tree . continued athos , “ you , who but lately were so anxious for such an opportunity for expressing your gratitude to monseigneur , here it is ; avail yourself of it . ” sergeant , who began to see that he was the victim of an <unk> , was almost in a frenzy of despair . ; you were recognized , and the cardinal named you . is cast among fools , it is necessary to study folly . <unk> of some brave gentleman , an enemy himself to mazarin , as every gentleman ought to be . ” order to comply ; but at each effort he fell back	126.04180908203125
, moaning and turning pale . , —at a small port , near antibes , in the gulf of juan . ” artagnan . the honor to give me a hearing ; that is all i want . ” was intended <unk> is noirtier , logically speaking , who drank it . return to lille , my brother in his turn succeeded in making his escape ; i was accused of complicity , and was condemned to remain in his place till he should be again a prisoner . s room . ” out to the queen the two studs the cardinal had given him . mother ; you shall have an opportunity of observing her more closely . sure , he promised to rejoin us , and	103.56378936767578
we have seen nothing of him . ” go to bed himself , observed that after such sad events everyone stood in need of rest . whom you are receiving at your house , and to whom you intend to marry your daughter , is a felon who escaped with me from confinement at toulon . said richelieu , “ receive my thanks for the good guard you have kept . have found it impossible to repeat what had been said the last few minutes , when suddenly madame danglars ’ hand , pressed on her arm , aroused her from her lethargy . a smile , and when wounded had exclaimed with the great philosopher , “ pain , thou art not an evil . ” fault	151.88284301757812
, madame . , addressing the cavaliers , who became more and more numerous every instant ; “ gentlemen , encircle his eminence , that you may show him the greater honor . that monsieur d ’ artagnan has been in england . everything went on properly , but no sooner was my back turned than benedetto became master , and everything went ill . for two soldiers , ” said the governor . , his position , his fortune , and more than once , when he consulted the look of the paralytic , that look answered , “ that is good , proceed . ” to madame danglars ; then resting both hands upon his desk he said in a voice more hollow than usual :	138.785888671875
entertainment being concluded pistache was desired to say what o ’ clock it was ; he was shown monsieur de chavigny ’ s watch ; it was then half-past six ; the dog raised and dropped his paw six times ; the seventh he let it remain <unk> . them . , bleeding , and almost senseless . this way . ” said athos , pointing to mme . a movement of the head and porthos with his voice . her son ’ s arm and leaving the house . the races , baron ? ” inquired the countess eagerly . you on condition that you let me go . ” i am , ” cried valentine , sobbing , “ i will give up all , even	101.54136657714844
my dear old grandfather , whom i had nearly forgotten . ” cried mme . , sir ? ” asked monte cristo , advancing to meet the commissioner . that of porthos fastened to the manger , but to an empty manger . ’ avrigny had made all possible haste , valentine had not revived from her fainting fit on their arrival , and the doctor examined the invalid with all the care the circumstances demanded , and with an interest which the knowledge of the secret intensified twofold . have watched ? ” said valentine uneasily ; “ where have you been ? —i have not seen you . ” coolness of his nation , addressed him in terms nearly similar to those with which he had	147.21543884277344
accosted the mayor of marseilles . d ’ artagnan , “ you shall judge of him for yourself . will not ! ” lord , ” said athos , glancing at aramis , “ your highness is discontented with your party ? ” my first note . athos , who had assumed the command of the expedition , “ while grimaud spreads the table , let us begin by collecting the guns and cartridges together . instant perceived a large lantern carried on a pole appear on the deck , <unk> the forms of shadows behind it . in <unk> with the orders of the authorities , who sent me a reinforcement of six men , such measures as i thought necessary to get possession of the persons	107.51274871826172
of the pretended <unk> . ” the devil did you ask me for a uniform when you would have been so much better in a cassock ? , toward anne of austria , and said with a very perplexed and embarrassed air , “ and now it remains for me to make the principal examination . ” a very small , low window , just large enough to let a man through . to him to be silent . of loyal excuses , to make a friend of athos , whose <unk> air and austere bearing pleased him much . the man , thrusting his hands into his pockets , and looking <unk> at the youth ; “ i have taken the whim into my head ; do	106.13687896728516
you understand , master benedetto ? ” ” said porthos , “ it does not exceed two thousand five hundred livres ! i can render you , and for that i place myself entirely at your orders , that is , to present , or make my friends present , you everywhere ; besides , you have no need of anyone to introduce <unk> your name , and your fortune , and your talent ” ( monte cristo bowed with a somewhat ironical smile ) “ you can present yourself everywhere , and be well received . the queen , “ it has been refused . ” would have been deceived . ” could not arrive in time to cross the ferry with the travelers , halted to	92.55335235595703
wait for olivain . words . . said aramis . i want something to eat ! the better . see . we are cousins , ” said porthos , without being disconcerted , as he had never reckoned upon being received enthusiastically by the husband . of rank ; consequently the odd names of their adversaries were for them not only a matter of surprise , but of annoyance . accounts , and it was perhaps not the most favorable moment for finding him in his best humor . exclaimed the gascon , surprised . spot standing mute and motionless . it , but this letter has neither date nor postmark . ” of austria ’ s servant and signified that he was ready to follow him into	142.9331512451172
the queen ’ s presence . in war , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ why should it not be the custom in a duel ? ” you to say ? first window in the gallery . ” coward ? ” continued villefort , with increasing excitement , “ you , who could count , one by one , the minutes of four death agonies ? half open , quite stupefied . said athos , as pale as a corpse . me do ? ” said fernand . in assent . the count , with a smile which petrified the dying man , “ when you had just broken your knife against the coat of mail which protected my breast ! became <unk> ” we had forgotten	81.92316436767578
to say that jacopo was a corsican . selfish nature . always will be all-powerful . wishes ? ” sleeping might have said she was a young girl dreaming of the crown of flowers she was to wear on her brow at the next festival . , that enables me to <unk> them , i am very ignorant of <unk> , a count of a fresh creation , <unk> in tuscany by the aid of a commandery of st. stephen , and who would not have taken the trouble had i not been told that when you travel much it is necessary . the point of telling athos all ; but one consideration restrained him . way , my dear albert ! ” said he , holding out	126.92180633544922
his hand to the young man . <unk> ; you will soon not only surpass the railway , which would not be very difficult in france , but even the telegraph . ” i will content myself with arresting you ! ” not a foreigner ! circumstances , i am justified in doubting the wisdom of an old man who , because he hated the father , <unk> his anger on the son . not by a sentinel , but by a confidential servant , through whom , in case of urgency , charles could communicate instantly with his faithful subject . opinion ? ” ” interposed the old nobleman who had proposed the toast , “ let the young people alone ; let me tell you ,	105.58319091796875
on one ’ s wedding day there are more agreeable subjects of conversation than dry politics . ” replied danglars , “ i merely said you seemed in a hurry , and we have lots of time ; the _pharaon_ can not be under weigh again in less than three months . ” that with his conduct this morning ? ” surprise me , ” said d ’ artagnan , in a low tone to porthos , “ that mazarin would have been much better satisfied had i crushed the life out of his councillor . ” madame , ” answered he , “ that my father was a girondin , but he was not among the number of those who voted for the king ’ s death	81.70118713378906
; he was an equal sufferer with yourself during the reign of terror , and had well-nigh lost his head on the same scaffold on which your father perished . ” some esteem for me , ” said the mendicant with pride , “ and that not only will they obey me , but wherever i go they will follow me . ” and at six o ’ clock had already gone ten miles . in russia , will tell you the name of one , and major cavalcanti , who is an italian , will tell you the name of the other . ” than we want . of his creatures persecuted unjustly , placed between suicide and dishonor , believe me , sir , ” replied	103.986083984375
milady , in a tone of deep conviction , “ god pardons suicide , for then suicide becomes martyrdom . ” to the count ’ s forehead as this thought passed through his mind . t want any supper , ’ said caderousse . ” said his three friends . . ” a very natural resentment to avenge my mother . reached by porthos was about to bring back hilarity to faces now more or less clouded , hasty footsteps were heard upon the stair and some one knocked at the door . ! no account consent to pull his bed to pieces again for porthos , but for a consideration of four louis that the latter paid him for it , he consented that porthos should share	166.2105712890625
his couch with him . letter he had received from the viscount , in which , without assigning any reason , he begged him to go to the opera , but he understood that something terrible was brooding . see , madame , he recognizes you , and bows . ” and mean to get a housekeeper . ” men who , to drive away a violent sorrow , have recourse to wine , and who , as they drink and become intoxicated , feel a thick veil drawn between the past and the present . an <unk> income of 50,000 livres will enable you to support it admirably . so , ” said the novice , with an expression of joy which she made no effort to	134.07505798339844
disguise . he would more likely have got rid of me by <unk> a knife into me . ” reason . ” dealer ’ s ? ” the headsman of bethune , without mercy or pity , and he was the least guilty of you all . ” by d ’ artagnan and had arrived in time . ornament of your toilet ? cautiously with his head , and looked carefully around the chamber . each other . . enjoying a ride with madame de guemenee . ” coolly greeted each other with their lips ; but the cardinal was there , observing them with his vigilant eye . marshal did . ” of ali tepelini , which i have placed before you ; the ring , a	112.54883575439453
token of his good-will , which is here ; and , lastly , the most convincing proof i can offer , after an anonymous attack , and that is the absence of any witness against my veracity and the purity of my military life . ’ . young friend , has not been of sufficient length to admit of your having passed through any very important events . ” have said , the 1st of march , and the prisoner was soon buried in darkness . he to the abbé , “ i am anxious to see your treasures . ” of my being late , and why i come disguised . , wife , ” said the former , “ this splendid diamond might all be ours	124.94965362548828
, if we chose ! ” a severe <unk> course of medicine , at length he sent away all his doctors , declaring that he preferred the disease to the treatment , and came to paris , where the fame of his wit had preceded him . . s gone to blois ; the poor <unk> ” they sent mousqueton on before as agreed upon . ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ it was not the measured step of a foot soldier , nor was it the gait of a horseman . permission from the prince by a glance and went out . my lord , you can not guess who it is ; all this happened long before you came into the country where this queen	138.39566040039062
reigned . ) ” cried groslow , rushing to the hatchway ; “ perhaps there is still time to save us . ” i heard that . ” felicity from heaven , what joys from paradise , are comprised in a moment like that . idea , and maybe i should find my friend under the name of achilles . villefort , “ the <unk> of this event must prove to your majesty that the issue is in the hands of providence ; what your majesty is pleased to attribute to me as profound <unk> is simply owing to chance , and i have profited by that chance , like a good and devoted <unk> ’ s all . before she should be forced to resume this conversation	136.2635498046875
, so difficult to be sustained in the same exalted tone , she let her hands fall ; and as if the weakness of the woman overpowered the enthusiasm of the inspired fanatic , she said : “ but no , it is not for me to be the judith to deliver <unk> from this <unk> . so much more <unk> and <unk> as the land is approached , contemplating all the power of those preparations she was commissioned to destroy , all the power of that army which she was to combat <unk> , a woman with a few bags of <unk> compared herself mentally to judith , the terrible <unk> , when she penetrated the camp of the <unk> and beheld the enormous mass of <unk>	137.5150909423828
, horses , men , and arms , which a gesture of her hand was to dissipate like a cloud of smoke . friend , you know . ” ” monsieur le chevalier , if ever i am <unk> ” ? ” said albert , entering ; “ no carriage to be had ? ” i place in my stead a bold fellow who aspires to be his majesty ’ s special guard . said , one circumstance reassured her . , my dear lord ? ” god for my happy deliverance , ” said rochefort . one son , but two ; then , monsieur de coligny was killed , and—— ” to die , you would choose this death , count ? ” to live in	94.49593353271484
such a world of poetry and imagination must find far too little excitement in a common , every-day sort of attachment such as ours . , and other things afterward . ” much a thing is heightened in value when we obtain possession of it ? overtook us at cape morgiou , and we were wrecked on these rocks . ” wild with terror , consisted of groslow , who at the hour fixed by mordaunt had collected his men and the sailors . rochefort ; but that is not all . the smaller or to the larger of the two ? ” asked the host . at the same time impetuous and curious . ears ? ” mention made of d ’ artagnan or of porthos ,	208.81312561035156
but every one was engrossed by articles and <unk> . asked eugénie . , still moist . watered and he returned to the duke ’ s chamber rubbing his hands . for england during the night . in the <unk> ? ” that watches over the deserving . i understand , ” said mazarin ; “ want of fortune , perhaps . scoundrel ! ” cried milady , seeing the interest which the young officer , whose soul seemed to hang on her lips , took in this strange recital . , before i became a confectioner i myself was three years sergeant in the <unk> regiment , and before i became sergeant i was for eighteen months the servant of monsieur d ’ artagnan . ” edmond	121.23004150390625
dantès , mate on board the three-master the _pharaon_ , trading in cotton with alexandria and smyrna , and belonging to morrel & son , of marseilles . ” at the place of sojourn of the future abbé ; the defiles of the chamber of aramis were as well guarded as the gardens of <unk> . has deprived you of the power to disinherit me , at least entirely , as it has also of the power to compel me to marry monsieur this or monsieur that . be satisfied ; nobody saw her , ” replied d ’ artagnan , and he related to m. de tréville how the affair came to pass . said the traveller , ‘ am called sinbad the sailor . ’ ”	145.21539306640625
? may be for the best ; but we do not go far from this place ? ” no occasion to work , for the little sum of money buried by you , and which i found in the place you mentioned , will be sufficient to maintain me . to walk about , to have fresh air , books , and writing materials . with twenty of my best men , who , at a signal from me , will rush forward directly peppino is brought for execution , and , by the assistance of their stilettos , drive back the guard , and carry off the prisoner . ” , that of tréville was one of the most sought . ” said the old man ,	115.14047241210938
with a smile ; “ and by your leave i will use your purse moderately , for they would say , if they saw me buy too many things at a time , that i had been obliged to await your return , in order to be able to purchase them . ” him renewed life and hope , in the assurance that you have the power of restoring the son whom he has vainly sought for fifteen years . ’ ” his château , and made her the first lady in the province ; and in justice it must be allowed that she supported her rank becomingly . ” through the passage . to the left , so that the soldier will be at your right ,	105.37360382080078
as soon as he mounts on the bench to talk to us . ” wait until the last moment , and when my misery is certain , <unk> , hopeless , i will write a confidential letter to my brother-in-law , another to the prefect of police , to acquaint them with my intention , and at the corner of some wood , on the brink of some abyss , on the bank of some river , i will put an end to my existence , as certainly as i am the son of the most honest man who ever lived in france . ” the idea that a house belonging to my wife ’ s father and mother should pass into the hands of strangers . ,	90.92838287353516
a rope ladder , but a ball of silk cord , with a narrow board which was to pass between the legs , the ball to <unk> itself by the weight of the person who sat astride upon the board . said albert . , does not contain one ? ” said monte cristo . will pardon this intrusion on her meditations , but a foreign lord has arrived from england and waits in the parlor , demanding the honor of presenting a letter to your majesty . ” ‘ <unk> ’ for nothing , ” observed madame de chevreuse , “ your teeth are terrible . ” his head with an expression of despair . my servants by word or action . monsieur de beaufort was walking	104.08961486816406
in the <unk> his fire was put out , his <unk> all removed , taken away ; and thus his means of drawing utterly destroyed . it is of her . while single men passed from one group to another . me again , in spite of my <unk> years of age ? ” bites ! ” whispered the gascon to porthos . wet ; yet i fancy , as thou <unk> , that i see something . ” ? ” tell you a secret . ” , speak on , queen , ” said buckingham ; “ the sweetness of your voice covers the <unk> of your words . for you to know it , monsieur broussel , who knows everything ; but as for me ,	96.10076141357422
by holy truth , i did not know it and i thought i would give you good advice ; you must not be angry with me for that , monsieur broussel . ” edmond dantès , ” but the count seized his arm and prevented him . sending a scrutinizing glance from milady to the young officer . of mousqueton , ” said grimaud ; and he gave his arm to his old comrade , whose eyes were full of tears , nor could grimaud tell whether the tears were caused by wounds or by the pleasure of seeing him again . , ” said the count ; “ but look , is not your correspondent putting itself in motion ? ” ” said he , in so	97.65715026855469
low a tone that he could hardly be heard . , as we have said , was an italian , was called il signor giacomo busoni . m. andrea cavalcanti ! ” , then , so much ? ” ! done with considering ! alone in the world . ” franz , “ what think you of the count of monte cristo ? ” that i await with pleasure his decision , but i do await it . possible to avoid a little condescension toward a husband whose pretty wife has appointed a meeting with you that same evening at st . my adoration , ” said aramis , in his turn pressing his hand . ! ” replied the dying man , with an accent of gratitude	93.3493423461914
impossible to describe . to regret the devil ; that is my conclusion . ” it was the poor servant ’ s life was coveted ? you do not know your friends , my dear monsieur louvieres , ” said the coadjutor , raising his hat . ? ” asked monte cristo with an emotion he in vain endeavored to dissimulate . if you were yourself preparing for some dangerous undertaking , about which i did not dare to question you , since you told me nothing . , passed his hand across his brow . i am <unk> on . ” the other was not looking , <unk> a sly glance . , happy in golden <unk> . thought there was some secret understanding in that quarter	84.09649658203125
! ” and she greedily read the following few lines : , ” said the marshal , “ you have divined all that was possible to human genius . ” , but a wife , —good heavens ! ” said d ’ artagnan , “ can go and inform monsieur laporte . ” monsieur , you are well informed . ” to be seen , it was because the road made an elbow . . madame de <unk> , mademoiselle de <unk> , madame de motteville , and <unk> , her sister , so called on account of her <unk> just brought into her dressing-room the remains of the dinner , on which , according to her usual custom , she supped . enter . not chilled your	97.17511749267578
blood . only ? ” cried caderousse , “ ah , sir , do not jest with me ! ” than that , ” said porthos ; “ but what does not change , or changes for the better , is wine . ! ” cried the priest , with a laugh which made the dying man ’ s hair stand on end ; “ i , absolve you ? morrel to the heart . escape , and placing the old man on his bed , he seated himself on the stool beside him . ” he went on with a smile ; “ i will remain here , rush on the first person that opens the door , strangle him , and then they will guillotine me	73.31599426269531
. ” it abandoned to extreme want , bordering on famine ; agitated by fear , torn by faction . open the door if i heard anyone cry out , ” said the soldier ; “ but you forgot to leave me the key . ! ” the banker was enthusiastic in his applause . , ” asked the count , “ that not only my person , but also that of my friends , should be respected by you ? ” the creaking of a door , people going and coming , and some minutes afterwards a turnkey entered , saying : to assure herself of the reality of what she saw , then , uttering a faint cry , threw herself back in her seat .	129.48690795898438
of furniture , bare walls upon which , here and there , shone the old gold moldings which had resisted time and neglect , windows with broken panes ( impossible to close ) , no carpets , neither guards nor servants : this is what first met the eyes of athos , to which he , touching his companion ’ s elbow , directed his attention by his glances . . ; villefort started with joy . said danglars ; “ why dramatic ? ” is unquestionably a man of first-rate breeding and knowledge of the world . ” been my own son , ” replied bertuccio , “ or even my nephew , i would have brought him back to the right road , for the knowledge	186.2747802734375
that you are doing your duty gives you strength , but the idea that i was striking a child whose father i had killed , made it impossible for me to punish him . musketeer dressed and ready to go out . ; and the duke put the quill to the paper . friend , baron de château-renaud , one of the few true gentlemen now to be found in france , and from whom i have just learned that you were a spectator of the races in the champ-de-mars , yesterday . ” d ’ artagnan , “ you shall have your turn . his hands ; he raised his face , red with shame and bathed in tears , and seizing beauchamp ’ s arm :	85.09700775146484
his business a week ago to a confectioner from paris , an invalid , ordered country air for his health . ” to be ? ” he , “ i ’ m off to the bishop ’ s . the queen , “ never ! ” sails were furled , and they cast anchor about a hundred fathoms from the little harbor . bertuccio . ? ” asked the young girl . my good woman , make yourself perfectly easy , i beg of you . sire ? ” each offering equal securities . sake , ” he cried , pale and bewildered , without seeing whom he was addressing , — “ for pity ’ s sake do not call assistance ! where i live , ”	105.39672088623047
said kitty , “ provided i am well concealed , and nobody knows where i am . ” in m. de villefort ’ s garden ; from what you relate , i suppose it to have been the evening of madame de saint-méran ’ s death . people in saint germain who sell straw ? ” bad night when this letter was brought to him , announcing that the duke was free and that he would henceforth raise up mortal strife against him . like that of an enemy ? ” you of this ; you must not forget it , for it is a great defect in a rider . of great kindness of disposition , much <unk> of wit , and as to <unk> , m.	92.5257797241211
danglars assures me that his fortune is <unk> is his word . ” the baron to the duke , “ all the servants of his majesty must approve of the latest intelligence which we have from the island of elba . method of that period , in which he who could not live at the expense of the enemy must live at the expense of his compatriots . , ” said the king , falling upon his knees . said , “ i am then to die ? ; do me the favor to accompany me and i will conduct you to <unk> . ” lxiii . me : there ’ s more chance of fighting in paris , is there not ? ” dry land ; the	70.14256286621094
young man stamped on the ground to shake off the wet , and looked around for someone to show him his road , for it was quite dark . you find insufficient ? told you , sir , he was a very dangerous man ; and , fortunately , by his own act <unk> the government of the fears it had on his account . ” horses , with completely new harness , may be at the door with my carriage . ” grimaud . if it depends on me . ” with the letter he had received , he did not observe that ; but i , whom the strange fashion in which that letter came into the house had placed on my <unk> did not lose	93.8147201538086
a movement of his features . ” had failed her in attempting to escape , and that she had fainted in one of the paths , was the one that most impressed itself upon his mind . told you the other day ; you eat at everybody ’ s <unk> . , who became whiter than the wall against which he leaned to prevent himself from falling . appointment with athos without a second , determined to be satisfied with those his adversary should choose . you meddle , ” said fernand , seizing his arm ; “ but this i know , you have some motive of personal hatred against dantès , for he who himself hates is never mistaken in the sentiments of others . ”	140.69369506835938
half . ” the mission with which you wish to charge me ; and as i desire to continue to merit the confidence of your eminence , deign to unfold it to me in terms clear and precise , that i may not commit an error . ” rays , each resolving itself into some strange form to her disordered imagination , when suddenly by its flickering light valentine thought she saw the door of her library , which was in the recess by the chimney-piece , open slowly , though she in vain listened for the sound of the hinges on which it turned . fate of cardinals caprara said , “ does he enter without first asking for an audience ? ” they told me it	168.8203582763672
was 4,500 francs . said aramis ; “ i shall return immediately . ” and but one heart to give ; that promise is pledged to you , that heart is also yours . there will no longer exist a telegraph for me ; it will be nothing more than a sign from m. <unk> , or from m. <unk> , transmitted to the prefect of bayonne , mystified by two greek words , <unk> , <unk> . , ” replied franz , “ but our neighbor , the count of monte cristo . ” me ? ” in noirtier ’ s eye an expression of such deep meaning that the young girl thought she could read these words there : “ you are mistaken ; i can	81.93206787109375
still do much for you . ” is , ” replied dantès . eight o ’ clock that evening in the <unk> , and if postponement were necessary , the proceedings would be resumed each evening at the same hour . to negotiate with the pope for a cardinal ’ s hat for him ; but he knew how little reliance should be placed on such promises , made by the queen and mazarin . . ” been his motive for sending the cup to me ? ” you say ? ” ” observed d ’ artagnan , with a vexed look ; “ it would be impossible . ” ring that will obtain audience of him , and remove every difficulty , ’ said the captain .	71.50141143798828
” excellent dinner he had just <unk> . is horrible , sir . getting off so easily . ” to all , and if thy father abandon thee , valentine , it is i , and i swear it , that shall pursue the assassin . ” , ” was the reply contained in his look ; and this look expressed a feeling of strong indignation , mixed with profound contempt . rochefort ? terrible secret which she has sworn no one shall know without dying . , madame , but you were about to relate some story , were you not ? of d ’ artagnan , who urged his horse , though he stood in need of no <unk> , and they proceeded at a rapid	116.74456024169922
pace . have to say to him ? ” said danglars , laughing in his turn . what her name was as a young girl . ” his head . , and we are simple <unk> . ” half . ” sum that will be advanced upon it , or i will throw it into the seine ; and i doubt , as was the case with <unk> , whether any fish will be sufficiently <unk> to bring it back to us . ” indigestion , in spite of his grace , ” said d ’ artagnan . ? ” said the man . it occurs a fourth time i shall complain of it , so never mind . ” ” said debray , “ you have a	45.374755859375
splendid fortune , an income of about 60,000 livres a year , which is enormous for a woman who can not keep an establishment here for a year , at least . electronic work is derived from texts not protected by u.s. copyright law ( does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder ) , the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the united states without paying any fees or charges . this extreme delicacy , made his bow and went away , proceeding with a characteristic british stride towards the street mentioned . , you have no cause of hatred against me ? ” ” cried he , springing up , “ is it really you	291.8063049316406
? <unk> , walked behind this man , whose presence comforted louise . on , followed by the other coaches and about fifty horsemen . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ the expression is strong . ” on all these points on the following day , d ’ artagnan , in spite of his fatigue , prepared for an attack and determined that it should take place after breakfast . , ” said edmond joyfully . said d ’ artagnan , when they were sufficiently distant to proceed at a trot , “ i think all is lost and we have nothing better to do than to reach france . on the honor of a soldier , on the faith of a christian . ” gold chain	78.00745391845703
, and i want a pair of silver buckles . ’ of a wild beast that <unk> its prey , and his lips , half opened , disclosed his white teeth , small and sharp like those of a jackal . presume . ” , pardon me ! ” cried she , sinking upon the shoulders of milady . accustomed to assassinate people ; but i warn you i shall defend myself , even against you . ” s vigorous and daring mind , denying anything to be impossible , with that energy which marks the great man . and tranquillize your mind . ” cried the young queen , affecting surprise , “ you are giving me , then , two more : i shall have fourteen	121.99613952636719
. ” ? ” a one four times in my life . in a suit of glistening watered silk , trimmed with steel buttons , beautifully cut and polished . at him , as he replied , “ what makes you suppose so ? ” for this key which she always kept , and which was only taken from her in childhood as a punishment ? raoul , and your politeness has touched me . ” of monte cristo ? ” inquired the countess , when the servant had taken away the last vase of flowers , “ is it a family name , or the name of the estate , or a simple title ? ” , and a walk without rome will do us both good	100.39105987548828
. ” chavigny paid him a visit , the duke used to ask him what he should think if he saw an army of parisians , all fully armed , appear at vincennes to deliver him from prison . ll know it someday , aramis ; but at present i must imitate the discretion of ‘ the doctor ’ s niece . ’ ” <unk> to transmit the letter to her mistress , she did at last so decide , which was all d ’ artagnan wished . ” murmured bonacieux , rolling his eyes round in astonishment . . with an emotion that must have been remarked by morrel had not his eyes been fixed on the vessel . , as if by magic , in proportion	127.81653594970703
as the fire ascended , i saw yellowish characters appear on the paper . again appeared ; all eyes were fixed on the door , and i , ” said beauchamp , “ shared the general expectation and anxiety . would rather die ! ” cried the queen , in whom the imperious blood of spain and austria began to rise . said monte cristo ; “ i think i arrived just in time to obtain your signatures , or they would have been disputed with me . ” hand to testify that it was freely given . ” and fifty paces in this way , and then were stopped by , “ who comes there ? ” at the same time they saw the reflection of a	95.03996276855469
torch on a carbine barrel . asked porthos , warmly . for three . ” the refreshment room , the three musketeers and the two guards following him . ? ” there ? ” that she should come and see me twice a week ; for , as i had the honor to tell you , my wife loves me <unk> wife , then , came and confided to me that the queen at that very moment entertained great fears . ” master ? ” therefore , the first magistrate of marseilles , when one morning his door opened , and m. morrel was announced . mild . ” we feel when a storm is coming <unk> this issue was near , and could not fail to be	97.52693939208984
terrible . and ordered him to open it . pale that d ’ artagnan could not help perceiving it , and asked him what was the matter . one except major bartolomeo cavalcanti and his son . ” again as if by a spring . milady , in a sharp voice . affect him , and he took a perfectly physical sensation for a moral impression . the circus , and the sports where they killed three hundred lions and a hundred men . ’ artagnan and porthos the two soldiers had been found bound and gagged . ” said caderousse , putting out one hand timidly , and with the other wiping away the perspiration which bedewed his brow , — “ oh , sir , do	116.12201690673828
not make a jest of the happiness or despair of a man . ” ” about going , under pretext that he still suffered from his wound , but d ’ artagnan had said to him : persons who have the key to that door , ” murmured morrel , “ cocles and julie . ” on by a ferocious desire of vengeance . the officer , and left the room . lives . ” and i am his slave ; he has the right to notice nothing . ” some words . , porthos , that it was not a good plan ; that we couldn ’ t go a hundred steps without being recaptured , because we were without clothes to disguise ourselves and arms to	86.54407501220703
defend ourselves . ” . sudden movement that i was paralyzed with fear . smiling . <unk> of <unk> , travelling <unk> . ” see . , ” returned porthos ; “ and even when one is killed , one rises again , the proof of which is , that here we are ! ” <unk> the door , antoine . ” was launched , and when he was once launched nothing stopped him . ” said d ’ artagnan , in great anxiety . , doctor ? ” it was not for the emperor , it was against the bourbons ; for m. noirtier possessed this peculiarity , he never projected any <unk> schemes which could never be realized , but strove for possibilities , and he	96.98782348632812
applied to the realization of these possibilities the terrible theories of the mountain , <unk> that never shrank from any means that were deemed necessary to bring about the desired result . ” of monte cristo ! thou dost not oppose my flight . ” some pride , <unk> needed me , and i lived . ’ s chamberlain ? ” secretary . ” low before his highness . ; never <unk> people owe us no grudge . ” of him for an instant . that your three damned musketeers , athos , porthos , and aramis , and your youngster from béarn , have not fallen , like so many <unk> , upon poor bernajoux , and have not <unk> him in such a fashion that probably	168.99893188476562
by this time he is dead ? to the chateau which , compared to its ancestor on the hill , was exactly what a <unk> of the <unk> of the duc d ’ <unk> would have been beside a knight in steel armor in the time of charles vii . project gutenberg™ , including how to make donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , how to help produce our new ebooks , and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new ebooks . said he . by the faith of a gentleman ! ” said d ’ artagnan , with an accent so <unk> that no one could mistake it . then turning to grimaud , he said : of a republic ,	130.90347290039062
a kingdom , and an empire ? ” albert cast his eyes on the passport , then raised them in astonishment to beauchamp . and found the carriage at its post and the musketeer on the box . to go away ? ” am sure , the fullest confidence in my honor . sir , but we are told that a battle is expected and we do not wish to arrive the day after it . ” you that i have discovered your plans , i hope also to convince you of my delicacy . fish ? ” asked danglars . bazin , yawning <unk> , “ the ladder is still at the window . ” you talk to him and how he answers you ; i shall	84.6261978149414
very soon learn that language by signs , valentine , and i promise you solemnly , that instead of despair , it is happiness that awaits us . ” the most gallant air possible , d ’ artagnan drew his sword . for the bands ; my cassock is fastened by one button only , and i am always ready to become a musketeer once more . which says , “ take my advice , don ’ t touch them . ” the same evening , but nothing transpired of what had been decided on . ” cried mademoiselle d ’ armilly , whose pity returned as her fears diminished ; “ fly ! ” said grimaud ; “ they are gone to find assistance . ” said	114.65226745605469
the major , half aloud . not know that this is a young man whom the count is introducing ? ” said morcerf . however , that , as he was with his face to the enemy , he should have received a ball between his shoulders . francs . what ? ” asked caderousse . enjoyed the fresh breeze which played on his brow , and listened to the dash of the waves on the beach , that left against the rocks a lace of foam as white as silver . the new-comer left the hotel with the _cicerone_ , a man detached himself from the rest of the idlers , and without having been seen by the traveller , and appearing to excite no attention from	85.84073638916016
the guide , followed the stranger with as much skill as a parisian police agent would have used . heart ! ” said the king , “ i should not have been rescued . ” athos , whose great courage alone supported him , sank upon his knee . the right to choose my opponent . know anything about that , ” replied renée ; “ but , m. de villefort , you have promised <unk> you not ? —always to show mercy to those i plead for . ” <unk> water into a glass , and presented it to her , saying with a mildness in which was also a shade of command , — “ courage . ” now your mentioning to me at perugia something	118.63335418701172
of this sort . ” ” said the officer , “ everything is quiet <unk> i did not know that something is going on in yonder house ! ” you will go and examine it . ” <unk> not fear . ” do not think that ! ” inquire the reason of this unexpected visit ? ” said m. morrel , addressing the magistrate , whom he evidently knew ; “ there is doubtless some mistake easily explained . ” ’ t speak well of him . ” of that ; or , if she did , it was only in the same way in which i think of her . ” i have studied it in all its forms and in the effects which it produces .	62.640769958496094
” unfortunate prince ? no affair of mine , ” said the trembling voice of la carconte , as though through the flooring of her chamber she viewed the scene that was <unk> below . <unk> to you , monsieur , for you alone can assist me in the mission i have just received from her majesty . ” not know . of lord leven , i raised it and saw all , heard all ! ” something else , ” said he . mouth nor draw my sword between this and calais . . the arrival of this answer , your father came by the advice of monte cristo to ask my daughter ’ s hand for you , i decidedly refused him , but without any	101.679931640625
explanation or exposure . fowl a dish of <unk> beans made its <unk> enormous dish in which some bones of mutton that at first sight one might have believed to have some meat on them pretended to show themselves . answering , but the gesture might pass for assent . be alarmed ; i have been so for many <unk> ” <unk> as she was , the young girl knew that this was an opportunity to leave , and besides , madame de villefort came to her assistance . ” time ? ” asked the man in the cloak . ” he said , “ you are here to-night , still infuriated by yesterday ’ s adventure . ” , which he had carried between his teeth as	123.3984146118164
he swam . not have that honor . ” the end of the world . faithful account of the sum to your lordship , ” said planchet , putting the bag under his arm . goes may make us believe he has been to london and may stop at <unk> , let us give him only half the sum promised him , with the letter , with an agreement that he shall have the other half in exchange for the reply . ! but one thing , sir , for the secret you wish to know is not my own . ? ” inquired athos ; “ is it known why ? ” the porter was alarmed . d ’ artagnan , that porthos , would lend their	87.94451141357422
hands to such an infamy ? ” and we are not always twenty years old . show me a certain embroidered handkerchief . ” carlini . the land . my fault . ” the floor . ” excited in the chase ; first it flies , then <unk> , and at last , by the very force of desperation , sometimes succeeds in <unk> its <unk> . of the first families in italy , i think , did she not ? ” , then , sir . ” of ‘ the great , ’ as you well know . ” , it ’ s your opinion that monsieur de beaufort will escape ? ” nothing remains in the memory but a vague mist in which a thousand confused	118.01554107666016
images of trees , mountains , and landscapes are lost . said the count . grimaud , “ i ’ ve only one thing more to <unk> your highness will continue to detest me . ” monsieur cavalcanti . ” was quite indescribable , and then turned to d ’ artagnan . are going all right . ” two hundred crowns . ” ” asked grimaud . recovered its serenity . , my fine fellow , ” said the unknown to the servant , with so ironical an expression of the eye , and so frightful a smile , that he withdrew ; “ i only wish to say two or three words to your master , who gave me a commission to execute about a fortnight ago	78.87979888916016
. ” away , but he called me back . to note by what fragile and unknown threads the destinies of nations and the lives of men are suspended . lord ? . ” de condé , a prince of the blood royal , arrested by my mother-in-law , maria de medicis ; they saw my mother-in-law , their former regent , expelled by the cardinal ; they saw monsieur de vendome , that is to say , the son of henry iv. , a prisoner at vincennes ; and whilst these great personages were imprisoned , insulted and threatened , they said nothing ; and now for a <unk> god ! interests of your father , ” said the messenger . side ; chairs were placed ,	141.13279724121094
<unk> were raised , and windows were hung with flags . than severity . ” the shadow , which no one else observed . passed through them , and could see the house distinctly . be useless , and instantly determined how to act . the catalan , as he saw the final glimmer of caderousse ’ s reason vanishing before the last glass of wine . pentecost would not pass without your highness being out of vincennes . ” at morrel , as if to say , “ perhaps i may . ” something to eat ? ” ’ s eyes while he was speaking to us ? ” route , that during the ride to the colosseum they passed not a single ancient ruin , so	129.69625854492188
that no preliminary impression interfered to <unk> the colossal proportions of the gigantic building they came to admire . friend , thank you ; unfortunately , i have just breakfasted . ” am ready to follow you . ” , fine spoil ! ” said peppino in italian , and taking danglars by the collar of his coat he dragged him to an opening resembling a door , through which they entered the apartment which the captain appeared to have made his <unk> . eyes filled with tears . tutor ; let us return with renewed strength to the battle-field , and i promise you 500,000 soldiers , another marengo , and a second austerlitz . descended into the room below , approached the fire and lit a	152.35235595703125
candle . ” a proverb current in france relating to water which is quiet . ” caderousse hastily shut the door and returned to his guest , while la carconte lighted a candle by the <unk> ashes that glimmered on the hearth . finished ; i feel it by what remains in my heart . be easily imagined there is no <unk> of guides at the colosseum , that wonder of all ages , which martial thus <unk> : ; “ do you not see that each of your words burns me like molten lead ? ” in the opposite direction to that which you said i was gone . ” my word ? ” said tréville , with a brow flushed with anger . there ? ”	175.09078979492188
said the inspector . officer by the arm , and turned his head over his shoulder , so as not to lose sight of milady till he was gone out . whether the king <unk> was of the older or younger branch , whether the government was <unk> liberal , or <unk> ; looked upon by all as a man of talent , since those who have never experienced a political check are generally so regarded ; hated by many , but warmly supported by others , without being really liked by anybody , m. de villefort held a high position in the <unk> , and maintained his eminence like a harlay or a molé . m. franz , and promise you the punishment shall not fall on	190.64279174804688
him . ” d ’ artagnan spoken of as a very brave young man , ” said the citizen ; “ and this reputation which he justly enjoys had decided me to confide a secret to him . ” name of our master , ali <unk> ’ — ‘ if you come from ali himself , ’ said selim , ‘ you know what you were charged to remit to me ? ’ — ‘ yes , ’ said the messenger , ‘ and i bring you his <unk> ’ at these words he raised his hand above his head , to show the token ; but it was too far off , and there was not light enough to enable selim , where he was standing ,	95.78705596923828
to distinguish and recognize the object presented to his view . , this time i shall find you out. ” and d ’ artagnan , making himself as small as he could , concealed himself in the darkest side of the street near a stone bench placed at the back of a niche . await you at nice ? ” you speak a single word to anyone before the captain permits you , the captain will have you thrown into the sea . under the hand of the young man before the tumult ceased , steps approached , the door was opened , and d ’ artagnan , sword in hand , rushed into the rooms of m. bonacieux , the door of which , doubtless acted upon	104.76143646240234
by a spring , closed after him . uttered one word the whole of this time . mazarin , sitting down , “ we shall soon see something startling . ” ” of tetanus and poisoning by vegetable substances is so great , that were i obliged to affirm by oath what i have now stated , i should hesitate ; i therefore repeat to you , i speak not to a magistrate , but to a friend . sword , and cast myself into politics . monsieur du vallon , you are free . ” . ” said the duke , “ this is a bad day , or rather a bad night , to be out late ; is it not , countess ? ” you	101.20927429199219
<unk> heart , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that you are wrong to be so hard upon us tender hearts . ” just witnessed appeared effectually to have rent away the veil which the intoxication of the evening before had raised between himself and his memory . doubt , the bankrupt was in the hands of roman banditti . coming ? ” asked albert . husband who would not hear of <unk> . ” <unk> that he had done so . by accident , and , although barrois is dead , it was noirtier whose death was wished for . ” hand on the boat ’ s edge i will cut it off , regicide that he is . ” moment ’ s conversation , in	93.59725189208984
which porthos hinted that a lady of elevated rank had condescended to relieve him from his embarrassment , mousqueton entered . he lost two hours in his attempts , which were at last utterly useless . this letter ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . gentlemen , not disarmed them . <unk> had died of apoplexy . ” exclaimed barrois , “ a great misfortune has happened . window which looked into the courtyard . sinbad , laughing with his singular laugh , which displayed his white and sharp teeth . said , with desperate politeness , “ it seems to me that you change your costume almost as rapidly as i have seen the italian <unk> do , whom the cardinal mazarin brought over from <unk> and	135.17135620117188
whom he doubtless took you to see during your travels in france . ” agreement with the navy , that the access to my island shall be free of all charge . as if the reproach had not been addressed to him . ; death <unk> at your door—it <unk> goes , not blindfolded , but <unk> , from room to room . wind blows you hither at this hour ? ” said he ; “ have you come to sup with me ? that it is too soon after declaring myself for louis xviii . ’ artagnan was called away he should remain the sole possessor of the bed . , but unfortunately he is not in paris . ” all , madame . ’ artagnan ,	124.6591796875
i am nothing more than a good honest country gentleman . it is time to start ; the signature was indeed fixed to take place at nine o ’ clock , but perhaps valentine will not wait for that. ” consequently , morrel , having left the rue meslay at half-past eight by his <unk> , entered the clover-field while the clock of saint-philippe-du-roule was striking eight . to drag myself from under my horse i hope nothing need prevent us continuing our journey . ” it . ” ! ” said porthos , <unk> . continued the procureur , in that cold and decisive tone which seemed at once to <unk> all discussion , “ will , we are sure , meet with your approbation . ”	133.28489685058594
, on one condition . ” , then ? ” man darted through several rooms , till at length he reached valentine ’ s . ” and d ’ artagnan threw the bag upon the table . ! rolled over a fine gravel , milady could hear a vast roaring , which she at once recognized as the noise of the sea dashing against some <unk> cliff . groslow , and found him a more agreeable companion than he had at first believed him to be . heavy , damp , and cold . . ” at its mouth , and deep in the centre , to admit of the entrance of a small vessel of the lugger class , which would be perfectly concealed from observation .	123.44837951660156
be to god , we do not want , as monsieur can testify , for partridges , rabbits , carp or <unk> light , wholesome food , suitable for the sick . ” he said , “ that you are a widower , your wife ’ s connection can not injure you . ” and almost immediately fell into that deep sleep which is sure to visit men of twenty years of age , even when they are torn with remorse . i thank you ; you have recalled one of the most agreeable recollections of my youth . ” said gondy , shaking rochefort by the hand , who descended in his turn and closed the trap after him . it should be sold , ” replied	117.48326873779297
athos . them not ; her disorders , i know them not ; her vices , i know them not . , the young man found his mother , who was waiting for him with the famous recipe of which the counsels we have just repeated would necessitate frequent employment . ; i promise you not to persuade them to stay . ” for them . ” observing whether milady had or had not touched her repast , made a sign that the table should be carried out of the room , it having been brought in ready spread . fere ! ” very nearly . ” without being able to regain the complete exercise of my faculties , i retained the sense of my danger . ,	125.18396759033203
under the magic breath of some demon of the night , had suddenly changed into a vast tomb . father , tell me where it is , ” and he opened two or three cupboards . have still a certain amount of it to expend this evening ? ” , and they set off at a rapid pace . house ; the drawing-room was lighted <unk> went in there . , you will return to england ? ” ? ” said aramis . of the <unk> ” ? ” asked aramis . not return their fire . ” ? ” he said . ? —of what ? ” speech , which showed that she had taken the minister ’ s proposal seriously . it . ” looked at	66.69983673095703
him . ” two monarchs of their set on record who were at once sovereigns and lovers . , ” said the soldier . discovered the whole history in confession from the executioner of bethune , and having confessed him , after having learned everything from him , he gave him absolution by <unk> this dagger into his heart . monsieur ; everything is turned <unk> in the world nowadays . ” the shipowner , turning towards the young man , “ come this way ! ” , after having first run his eye over that part of the deed in which were specified the situation of the house and the names of the proprietors . far from here to the house i would return and finish him	120.97855377197266
. ” heaven ! ” monsieur de tréville held , you ask of me . ” ; and with the exception of a file , i have all that are necessary , —a chisel , pincers , and lever . ” covered with dust , wearing large boots , and holding a whip in his hand . you of this conspiracy ? ” wounded my father , and it was he who had given utterance to these frightful cries . no words about it . i waited at the door . ” is there ? ” said danglars ; “ for , at present , i can not say that i have seen anything extraordinary . know . ” with fatigue . by the affable smile and gallant	72.04427337646484
manners of an old governor of the port , who kissed her hand , she only remained long enough at boulogne to put into the post a letter , conceived in the following terms : smile ? ” , madame ! ” exclaimed the terrible interrogator . of extraordinary admiration . was not dead . time to see him again . soul , that they never mean to finish it . ” at the building . what he had requested and set sail , but not without turning about several times , and each time making signs of a cordial farewell , to which edmond replied with his hand only , as if he could not move the rest of his body . names of those faithful servants	139.59129333496094
who crossed the channel , in spite of monsieur de richelieu , <unk> the roads along which they passed by their blood , to bring back to your majesty certain jewels given by you to buckingham . ” into master broussel ’ s house , captain , ” replied friquet , in that wheedling way the “ <unk> ” of paris know so well how to assume when necessary . de quesnel , baron d ’ épinay ? ” asked he , although he knew it perfectly . the governor . ” did escape , what hatred he must cherish against him to whom he owed his long imprisonment ; who had taken him , rich , brave , glorious , beloved by women , feared by men	156.9315948486328
, to cut off his life ’ s best , happiest years ; for it is not life , it is merely existence , in prison ! ” said aramis , “ how are we to act ? ” more than <unk> almost cried out . to me so great an honor for a prisoner that i think monsieur de comminges must be mistaken . ” must die , ” replied the president calmly . was heard working away incessantly , when suddenly an unexpected noise resounded in the passage . retained his post a few minutes longer , he might have caught a dim outline of something approaching from the direction of bellegarde ; as the moving object drew nearer , he would easily have perceived that	153.4882049560547
it consisted of a man and horse , between whom the kindest and most amiable understanding appeared to exist . has conquered me , the legitimate monarch is he who is loved by his people . ” coachman received his master ’ s orders , and drove down the via del babuino . d ’ artagnan , “ you wouldn ’ t be sorry to understand the plot , would you , porthos ? ” again attacked him . was digging busily at one of the beds , stuck his spade in the earth , and approached , cap in hand , striving to conceal a quid of tobacco he had just thrust into his cheek . to fight with this gentleman , ” said aramis , coming	142.532958984375
in his turn onto the place . grow impatient , ” said athos . that reason , ” said mazarin , “ that i wish to start before them . ” ” he said . , feature for feature , a description of the comte de wardes . estrées ’ s pavilion ? said , “ it is only a veiled lady , some foreign princess , perhaps the mother of cavalcanti . ’ a thousand <unk> . ” , you kept him waiting a long time at boulogne . ” the shore , but without effort , without shock , as lips touch lips ; and he entered the grotto amidst continued strains of most delicious melody . the audience arrived athos was obliged to stay until	113.44666290283203
the queen , who was waited upon by a new deputation from paris , had consulted with her minister as to the propriety and manner of receiving them . , d ’ artagnan would have been perfectly happy ; and to make porthos contented there was <unk> ? with which we are acquainted , and entered noirtier ’ s room . the count but imperfectly , and he perhaps did not fully appreciate this new attention to their wishes ; for he was wholly absorbed by the spectacle that the piazza del popolo presented , and by the terrible instrument that was in the centre . , and dragged herself along several paces upon her knees toward her judges . ? . ” passage by which he was	132.40023803710938
to leave vincennes . personally , but from having heard the queen speak of him more than once as a brave and loyal gentleman . ” the officer , “ i thought you were in his service and that it was he who sent you to general cromwell . ” ” replied the secretary , resting on the stairs . there till my daughter be married . ” which proved that the conversation she had with the cardinal had fallen into outside ears ; but she could not suppose that he had dug a <unk> so promptly and so boldly . chevalier , ” returned lord winter . wait , ” said louis xviii . behead your father . blois and is ignorant of my departure ; watch	114.37449645996094
over him in my absence as much as you possibly can ; and if by chance you receive no news of me three months hence , tell him to open a packet which he will find addressed to him in my bronze casket at blois , of which i send you now the key . but the merit in all things consists in the difficulty . the cuirassiers , whom cromwell had made his body-guard . sir , ” said madame de villefort , “ that your intentions accord with my request ? ” them , ” said athos , half aloud , “ and we are but three ; we shall be beaten again , and must die on the spot , for , on my part	109.46765899658203
, i declare i will never appear again before the captain as a conquered man . ” were masked , albert , ” said franz ; “ here was an opportunity of making up for past <unk> . ” with a stupefied air , but did not say a word . it ! ” said albert , “ do not assume so much indifference . of maternal endearments or threats , i had with a child ’ s caprice been accustomed to indulge my feelings of sorrow or anger by crying as much as i felt inclined ; but on this occasion there was an intonation of such extreme terror in my mother ’ s voice when she <unk> me to silence , that i ceased crying as	120.87395477294922
soon as her command was given . when , arriving at a pretty little house on the <unk> of a wood , which at a distance had quite a gay appearance , with its red roof and green shutters , we found nothing but a poor wretch <unk> ! indiscretion . ” ? ” , and that is all i want . ears ? ” cried the marquise . respects , tolerably well . ” of the <unk> , asking how matters were progressing . , at this gentleman . ” took the book with the same appearance of repugnance which he had before manifested , and retired pensively . fright ! that the thief heard no sound ; but , to his astonishment , the room was	136.9179229736328
suddenly illuminated . said the countess , “ accustomed as he is to burning climates , possibly he does not feel the heat as we do . ” expressed himself thus , in that intonation which is peculiar to brigadiers of the <unk> , when a loud scream , accompanied by the violent ringing of a bell , resounded through the court of the hotel . forty-six years of <unk> possessed great elegance of form and was above the middle height ; his complexion was brilliant and beautiful ; his glance full of expression ; his nose , though large , was well proportioned ; his forehead broad and majestic ; his hair , of a chestnut color , was curled slightly ; his beard , which was	192.7605743408203
darker than his hair , was turned carefully with a curling iron , a practice that greatly improved it . ” was his second thought ; and , indeed , for a man in andrea ’ s situation , an arrest meant the assizes , trial , and death , <unk> without mercy or delay . been placed here on purpose . ” mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works , by using or distributing this work ( or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “ project gutenberg ” ) , you agree to comply with all the terms of the full project gutenberg™ license available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license . they might find something far more grave than	257.3742980957031
the selling of smuggled cigars , or barrels of brandy without a permit . ” inquired danglars , turning pale . , ” continued the count , as if in consideration for d ’ artagnan ’ s embarrassment , “ you , the best heart , the best friend , the best soldier that i <unk> , with a soul that makes you worthy of a birth on the steps of a throne , and who , sooner or later , must receive your reward from an intelligent <unk> , my dear porthos , you , a gentleman in manners , in tastes and in courage , you are as culpable as d ’ artagnan . ” which had shone for an instant disappeared , and all was	95.32394409179688
again in obscurity . of his mind , though <unk> and even <unk> so , had procured for the abbé unusual privileges . s attorney is informed by a friend to the throne and the religious institutions of his country , that one named edmond dantès , mate of the ship _pharaon_ , this day arrived from smyrna , after having touched at naples and porto-ferrajo , has been the bearer of a letter from murat to the usurper , and again taken charge of another letter from the usurper to the bonapartist club in paris . m. scarron ’ s house ; he named to guiche the people whom he had seen there . his eye . took to his heels and ran toward the camp ,	160.2666473388672
with the swiftness of the young men of his country , so renowned for their agility ; but whatever might be his speed , the first who fired , having had time to reload , fired a second shot , and this time so well aimed that it struck his hat , and carried it ten paces from him . . . ” island ? ” continued the captain , pointing to a conical pile rising from the indigo sea . t know me , sir ? ” be done ? ” asked morrel . <unk> ! ” they all , with one accord . he was mounting his horse , d ’ artagnan , who felt at the bottom of his heart a <unk> for the duke	77.83330535888672
, took planchet aside . horse , and let him begone ! ” will never again work in the dark , and that i will know not only to what i expose myself , but for whom i expose myself . ” in accord with your own principles , ” replied milady , <unk> . her attempts to <unk> m. de villefort , her devotion to the elder dantès . today , to raise all these melancholy ideas ? ” i have an excuse , for mine would not be the first hand of a man that has been placed upon you , i imagine . ” asks nothing or seems to ask nothing , has asked more in the eyes of heaven than those who tax the	119.65335083007812
country and steal the bread of the poor . it ! ” reached the foot of the _mandaïa_ , a priest arrived in some haste , forced his way through the soldiers , and , advancing to the chief of the <unk> , gave him a folded paper . still the power of <unk> from your presence those whom you do not like ! ” and let him pass , only calling to him : d ’ artagnan , “ one is never killed in a first engagement . ” madame . ” , then ? ” ! ” again interposed some of the audience . ? ” poniards at la ramee ’ s breast and i say to him , ‘ my friend , i am sorry	75.13602447509766
for it , but if thou <unk> , if thou <unk> one cry , thou art a dead man ! ’ ” d ’ artagnan , who began to understand . , the soldier stopped his march to listen to her . you only bought this house five or six days ago ? ” porthos , “ but i should be glad to be informed . ” the orchestra gave the signal for the waltz , albert put his arm round the waist of the countess , and disappeared with her in the whirl of dancers . guise , was a little discomposed at his <unk> and wanted to pass at all risks , believing too , that the man with whom he had to do was endowed	108.99253845214844
with the virtues of his cloth , namely , patience and christian charity . , ” replied monte cristo . you , edmond , back again ? ” said he , with a broad marseillaise accent , and a grin that displayed his <unk> teeth . a situation to overlook ceremony . ” how am i free ? ” , wake the porter , and send him for a surgeon . ” from all the clocks of the faubourg st. germain . jetty , his clothes richly laced with gold , glittering , as was customary with him , with diamonds and precious stones , his hat ornamented with a white feather which drooped upon his shoulder , buckingham was seen surrounded by a staff almost as brilliant	170.57366943359375
as himself . deep thought , yet listened attentively . cried anne of austria . to do ? ” the rue de la harpe , no . this but a love meeting , given by a lady to a cavalier , or by a cavalier to a lady , which had been disturbed by the presence of d ’ artagnan and his yellow horse . july ? , edmond , and let us part . ” ” said he , “ here i am at last ; some time has elapsed since our plans were formed , and they are not yet executed . ” doing with me ? ” ” said mazarin ; “ if he has raised it he can put it down . ” cristo	66.22569274902344
is an island in the midst of the mediterranean , without inhabitants or garrison , the resort of smugglers of all nations , and pirates of every flag . spite of my terrors , in spite of my agony , i began to feel a devouring hunger . vast chamber , where , according to the cardinal ’ s directions , he was treated with all the courtesy due to a nobleman . action which left no doubt as to the nature of this conversation ; this was a blow with her fan , applied with such force that the little feminine weapon flew into a thousand pieces . all good christians are entreated for these unfortunate men , that it may please god to awaken them to	177.64651489257812
a sense of their guilt , and to grant them a hearty and sincere repentance for their crimes . ’ ” ” andrea took the pen . ” asked d ’ artagnan , “ can you tell me what has become of one of my friends , whom we were obliged to leave here about a dozen days ago ? ” your hostelry , which respectable people can not put up with . elongated , had gained in calm dignity what it had lost in feverish excitement . the queen uttered a cry of joy , which the two gentlemen heard . evening , perhaps ; you will certainly need it to-morrow . ” , dull , and rainy , and it was much more pleasant for a	104.66087341308594
traveller to remain in the warm carriage than to put his head out of the window to make inquiries of a postilion whose only answer was “ _non <unk> . ” ! ” cried he . sorrow , ” continued the young girl , as if this feeling was to receive its immediate punishment , “ is that the poor old lady , on her death-bed , requested that the marriage might take place as soon as possible ; she also , thinking to protect me , was acting against me . ” not the count of monte cristo . ” from forty to forty-five years , with black hair , a dark complexion , and a scar on his left temple . ” something , or fall	114.58859252929688
into a hole . ” he , “ franz is coming soon , but it will not interest you ; you dislike him , i think ? ” is the custom of these soldiers to act thus and that it is usual for the regiment to form themselves into two solid walls when the king goes by ? ” passed by rogliano , and who had several of these animals , whose tricks had greatly diverted him , had , doubtless , suggested this idea to him . reply , he even changed the subject of conversation . to pass , supposing the king were five years older than he is ? ” well as you can for having made me wait , and , after that ,	134.15545654296875
tell me why i see you in a dress so singular that at first i did not recognize you . ” artagnan had wounded him three times , exclaiming at each thrust , “ one for athos , one for porthos ; and one for aramis ! ” , in taking leave , kissed her hand . you have ordered your carriage at eight o ’ clock precisely ? ” words passed over their heads , carried by the breeze , until lost in the depths of the horizon . the end of a cord the three articles designated and let them down to planchet , who then went satisfied to his shed . such an idea ? ” the exterior , and if he attempts to fly	121.59929656982422
, fire upon him ; he must be a great criminal , from what the telegraph says . ” you not ? that you dead , the fortune would naturally revert to your brother , unless he were disinherited ; and besides , the crime appearing useless , it would be folly to commit it . ” <unk> to sleep , but to think over all he had heard that evening . a closet , which was entirely dark , and led d ’ artagnan into it . the young girl , “ why am i thus pursued ? ” attention ? ” , then , comes the axiom that if you visit to discover the author of any bad action , seek first to discover the person	111.87678527832031
to whom the <unk> of that bad action could be in any way advantageous . then . ” he , drawing from the casket a large bow of blue ribbon all sparkling with diamonds , “ there are the precious studs which i have taken an oath should be buried with me . connection will be seen by others , and therefore i will have the article contradicted . ” eye , heaving breast , and lips half open , extended to albert a hand which the latter pressed with a sentiment resembling respectful fear . franz , “ you seem to me like a man who , persecuted by society , has a fearful account to settle with it . ” danglars , “ not entirely so	141.988037109375
; with the servants , —you understand . ” on the idea that tranquillity was death , and if punishment were the end in view other tortures than death must be invented , he began to reflect on suicide . irresolution . molé , the chief president , whose courage at this crisis , says the cardinal de retz , was equal to that of the duc de beaufort and the prince de <unk> other words , of the two men who were considered the bravest in <unk> been attacked in his turn . are as well off as we wish . ” he was going to fight an englishman . count made a sign to albert and they bowed to the ladies , and took their leave	144.4565887451172
, albert perfectly indifferent to mademoiselle danglars ’ contempt , monte cristo <unk> his advice to madame danglars on the prudence a banker ’ s wife should exercise in providing for the future . from her own admission knew milady culpable of treachery in matters more important , and could entertain no respect for her . . ” read the address to know to whom to give it . ” honor to ask our aid for her husband . the boat , and five minutes after they were on board . exclaimed ; “ the infernal demons ! ” eyes , with that long , fond look with which he had turned the angle of the street , she fell on her knees , and clasping her hands	109.89201354980469
, “ oh , my god , ” cried she , “ protect the queen , protect me ! ” those who have wished for this demonstration and who are , perhaps , the cause of it ; but , wait , wait ! , ” interrupted the count ; “ you have done a little of everything in your life . ” ’ artagnan , ” said planchet proudly . impossible , ” murmured felton , who felt to the bottom of his heart the justness of this argument . beauchamp . hours , and when he was near being <unk> st. simon was already putting his horn to his mouth to sound the <unk> , all the pack takes the wrong scent and sets off after	86.48577880859375
a <unk> . to her husband . louis , i ’ faith , ” said aramis , emptying the purse on the table , all bearing the effigy of louis xiii . why dantès should die ; it would , indeed , be a pity he should . la ramee , shuddering . joy ; this man was the comte de <unk> <unk> tool of his eminence . will not consent to retract that infamous calumny . ” it was apparent enough . cahusac , became evidently paler , but did not give way a foot . the abbé , “ it was not of such a size as that ; but you shall judge for yourself . least , m. debray , i need not give a	98.1145248413086
further description , because to you my beautiful pair of dappled grays were well known . eminence ’ s instructions to the letter . became serious when he had cast his eyes upon the paper . is probable that things have fallen out so , but i will not swear to it , sire . , a private individual , to <unk> a queen from her kingdom . him a last salute . said porthos , “ i shall eat nothing if they do not take it away . ” but the result justified his opinion . , that what i have to say relates to most important matters . ” they don ’ t see us , ” said athos . her near her majesty in order	98.4112548828125
that our poor queen might at least have someone in whom she could place confidence , abandoned as she is by the king , watched as she is by the cardinal , betrayed as she is by everybody . ” ” , you have adopted the system of feeding me on smoke this morning . ” faces are colored by blood , his face seemed dyed by hatred and became livid . exclaimed , “ here is my answer . moment when you were drawing up an indictment for a capital crime ? ” , marechal ? ” asked the queen . clock , then , behind the luxembourg . ” murmured the king ; “ what must be done ? ” learned that the <unk> of this	83.68563079833984
telegraph was only a poor wretch , hired for twelve hundred francs a year , and employed all day , not in studying the heavens like an <unk> , or in gazing on the water like an <unk> , or even in enjoying the privilege of observing the country around him , but all his monotonous life was passed in watching his <unk> , <unk> fellow insect , four or five leagues distant from him . covered with vessels whose <unk> , like a forest of poplars despoiled by the winter , bent with each breath of the wind . to the interview he proposed to hold with morrel and his family , departed , murmuring as he went these lines of <unk> , “ youth is a	202.33883666992188
flower of which love is the fruit ; happy is he who , after having watched its silent growth , is permitted to gather and call it his <unk> ” the carriage was prepared according to orders , and stepping lightly into it , the count drove off at his usual rapid pace . very sensible , ” replied athos ; “ we must speculate upon the faults of people , and not upon their virtues . south , he was a man of sober habits and moderate desires , but fond of external show , vain , and <unk> to display . _ bells did you say ? ” at a furious rate from the rue meslay , and was hastening with rapid strides in the direction	223.32188415527344
of the faubourg saint-honoré . doubt we would all be broken on the wheel ; but for god ’ s sake , do not forget , as you yourself said , athos , that we only write to him concerning a family affair ; that we only write to him to entreat that as soon as milady arrives in london he will put it out of her power to injure us . the science of <unk> almost to a miraculous extent , for he was one of the <unk> who always work upon the body through the mind . and what then ? ” the honor of seeing you for the third or fourth time , count , instead of only for the second , ” said madame	125.23531341552734
de villefort ; “ if i had had the honor of being your friend , instead of only having the happiness of being under an obligation to you , i should insist on <unk> you to dinner , and not allow myself to be daunted by a first refusal . ” two hundred pistoles ; call upon my treasurer and get the money . in paris five days , and only left this morning . ” ; see what confidence i have in you ! ” fee of 20 % of the gross profits you derive from the use of project gutenberg™ works calculated using the method you already use to calculate your applicable taxes . his smooth exterior at the donjon of vincennes . said , “	140.68954467773438
if i pay you the 100,000 francs , will you be satisfied , and allow me to eat at my ease ? ” god has made them senseless , ” said felton . ” demanded d ’ artagnan . require of me , then ? for four musketeers to allow an unfortunate fellow who cried for help to be arrested in their midst ! ? ” artagnan like a thunderbolt . of our companions , who is overtaking us . ” de winter , “ provided i can find some of my good old friends of former times i will answer for anything . ” like it in the <unk> of the <unk> <unk> , whose book will sooner or later be burned by the hands of the	70.96075439453125
executioner . perfectly . . ” , come in , monsieur d ’ artagnan ! ” cried the cardinal , “ and welcome your friend too . the same way , four relays on your route . a league from the city . indicated and perceived a beggar seated in a chair and leaning against one of the moldings ; a little basin was near him and he held a holy water brush in his hand . had a son , ” said he ; “ and i forgot i had a <unk> ” then , shaking his head sorrowfully , “ poor haydée , ” said he ; “ she wished to see me , to speak to me ; she has feared or guessed something .	79.16545867919922
. the shed . livres are his civil list , and are as essential to him as the twelve millions of a king . for kings , ” said the mother . ” cried the marquis ; “ excellently well said ! ” replied morrel gayly , “ i will not dispute it . ” already <unk> great , and she developed with his growing fortune . had raised his voice so as to be heard by those in the adjoining boxes and in the lobby . ” cried villefort , clutching his hair , “ yes ! ” subject of their conversation ? ” hermine , “ doubtless it is chance . ” whom she could not detach her eyes , and who appeared more protecting than	108.07465362548828
menacing , took the glass , and walking towards the night-light held it up , as if to test its transparency . best motives are liable to <unk> , the queen saw in your refusal nothing but a <unk> distinct refusal she had also much to complain of you during the lifetime of the late cardinal ; yes , her majesty the <unk> ” it be ? , and set out at a good pace , while porthos was promising his adversary to perforate him with all the thrusts known in the fencing <unk> . she was indeed confined to her bed ; and it was in her own room , and from the lips of madame de villefort , that she heard all the strange events we	182.8985137939453
have related ; we mean the flight of eugénie and the arrest of andrea cavalcanti , or rather benedetto , together with the accusation of murder pronounced against him . raoul was convinced that some accident had happened and that a man was drowning ; he gave his horse its head , struck his spurs into its sides , and the animal , urged by pain and feeling that he had space open before him , bounded over a kind of <unk> which inclosed the landing place , and fell into the river , scattering to a distance waves of white <unk> . my ladder against one of those unforeseen opportunities of which i spoke just now , and which sudden chance frequently brings about . ” ,	175.06849670410156
the helm was put up , and the boat was soon sailing in the direction of the island . it , sir ? ” an hour we shall know the emperor ’ s answer . five or six months ago , last february . ” ? ” left to her belonging to my poor renée , whom you have so soon forgotten , sir . ” away . ” . ” not the most dangerous . ” duke that at the moment he <unk> grimaud for his part in it ; but on reflection he hated him more and more , being convinced he had some evil motive for his conduct . me , rascal , you will be hanged to-morrow . ” cut which would proclaim the	99.80274200439453
frenchman at first sight . , then , ” said d ’ artagnan . allow me to send baptistin to inquire after someone you know ? ” top of his skull and blood was <unk> <unk> . the country , and acted as guide to the cavalcade . a poor sailor like me could have hoped for ? ” for your clothes . require pen , ink , and paper to make a plan . ” go so fast ? ’ asked i of my mother . of the knee , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ my dear porthos , keeps you in bed ? ” simple question ; answer it ; —that is all i require . ” strange , since the least contradiction keeps	100.66827392578125
him awake all night . ” that andrea feared he should be obliged to notice the change . a glance in which the deepest melancholy and pity were expressed . which the judicial inquiry was made , ” continued the impassive cardinal , “ there lodges , i believe , a young béarnais , a friend of the musketeer . ” majesty had said , was really furious , so furious that during eight days he <unk> himself from the king ’ s gaming table . mordaunt , and the sea , but we shall find a certain difficulty in <unk> mazarin . ” implicitly . ? sloop . the queen ? ” my uncle that the emperor remembered him , and you will see it will bring	111.84883880615234
tears into the old soldier ’ s eyes . at this question . , ” said comminges to the coachman , who was by then more dead than alive . ’ s person was in perfect keeping with the head just described ; she , indeed , reminded one of diana , as château-renaud observed , but her bearing was more haughty and resolute . , but did not stop them ; they jumped into the ditch , and prepared to scale the breach . , my dear <unk> horses ? ” he said , “ but can ’ t we have post-horses ? ” . ” master d ’ artagnan , ” continued the leader , raising his voice . ” <unk> will you do ? ”	95.45698547363281
correspondent is <unk> . ” ” . man . about to say , ” cried danglars . , —i love her husband emmanuel ; but i require a strong mind to smile on my last moments . to make my child happy ; i wish to read in his eyes whether he intends to obey me ; —in fact , i will know him—i will ! ” continued the old lady , with a fearful expression , “ that i may rise from the depths of my grave to find him , if he should not fulfil his duty ! ” foundation ( “ the foundation ” or pglaf ) , owns a compilation copyright in the collection of project gutenberg™ electronic works . ” he said .	107.6229248046875
project . sum and cast up the whole . me ? ” ” villefort , in the <unk> tone assumed by magistrates in their <unk> periods , and of which they can not , or will not , divest themselves in society , “ sir , the signal service which you yesterday rendered to my wife and son has made it a duty for me to offer you my thanks . ; she fancies , too , that she saw a phantom enter her chamber and even heard the noise it made on touching her glass . ” ” interrupted aramis , raising his voice , “ bishop juxon , the faithful knight of christ , obedient to your majesty ’ s wishes . ” number of men	130.5170440673828
steadily approaching . my past misery , ” said the count . some well merited compliments on her toilet , and offered his arm to conduct her to a seat . short ? ” asked aramis . somewhat <unk> to <unk> dread of the daylight which even in the desert makes us fear we are watched and observed . , ” answered athos ; “ madame henrietta is almost no longer queen . ” gone , noirtier made a sign to morrel to take the dictionary . gun was fired , and he heard the whistling of a ball pass over his head . ” <unk> ; they use <unk> scoundrels ! ” commands . . nothing to lose , —i should go . ” the child with	115.68347930908203
the mother ? ” other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg™ works . count de rochefort and the mendicant of saint eustache . the count , turning towards franz , “ i told you there was some mistake in this . ” , i learned that you , the widow of m. de nargonne , had married m. danglars . him approach the valet , who drew a small sealed parcel from his pocket , containing a newspaper and a letter . a hurry that you have no time to pass the time of day with your friends ? ” they had fallen at rocroy or at <unk> . he exclaimed , remembering the tale of the arabian fisherman , which faria had related	97.84536743164062
to him , “ now , open <unk> ! ” as it now is ? ” week to <unk> all that . accomplice to all <unk> and purposes . house for this grand ceremony , but on the same <unk> with everyone else , and without any particular privilege . slowly from the nag to his cavalier , as if he required some time to ascertain whether it could be to him that such strange reproaches were addressed ; then , when he could not possibly entertain any doubt of the matter , his eyebrows slightly bent , and with an accent of irony and insolence impossible to be described , he replied to d ’ artagnan , “ i was not speaking to you , sir .	105.88059997558594
” monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ” asked an officer who appeared at that moment upon the threshold of the room . sum ; a banker never loses an opportunity of <unk> his capital . ” , ” said athos , “ finish them at a blow . behind him mordaunt glided into the subterranean passage , <unk> on the way his now useless sword , and thus reached the neighboring house , where he paused to examine himself and to take breath . , ” inquired raoul of athos , “ who is speaking ? ” being , and did not believe in the existence of gratitude . ” say that your police were good for nothing ? ” <unk> ” and he sat down . said	85.82514190673828
, “ and you have still preserved this love in your <unk> can only love once—and did you ever see her again ? ” ” continued the queen , without restraining her tears , “ it is better to fight as the king has done , and to die , as perhaps he will , than live in <unk> like me . ” ? ” been beaten ; everyone shook off the drowsiness of night , and to dispel the humid morning air , came to take a drop at the inn . of mine visited me , —m . ; the thing suited him wonderfully well . an eagerness that showed the gascon that he had some personal interest in the matter . politics only with soldiers	161.97854614257812
and jailers , and you have not an idea , my lord , how little is known of what is going on by people of that sort ; i am of monsieur de bassompierre ’ s party . man ? ” asked de winter , turning around . had passed between the king and queen ; but both of them had spoken so low that everybody , out of respect , withdrew several steps , so that nobody had heard anything . planchet set off as fast as they could ; and by making a long detour avoided the wood and <unk> the city by another gate . , ” said the cardinal , sitting down on a <unk> , “ you have always seemed to me to	90.32197570800781
be a brave and honorable man . ” , besides , an idea had struck me . ” . ? ” the old man made him understand with his eyes that he could not answer . , ” interrupted the king ; “ for all that was done for our service . ” education had been so little neglected , even with respect to <unk> studies , so rare at this time among gentlemen , that he smiled at the scraps of latin which aramis sported and which porthos pretended to understand . , <unk> of the hand , and embraces ; there was no end to the inextinguishable laughter at the rochellais . , let us enter , if you please . ” ’ artagnan , “	77.58015441894531
i beg you will have a care what you say ; for if you utter another word like that , be you marquis , duke , prince or king , i will thrust it down your throat ! decided on his profession his father had no desire to choose for him , but had consulted young maximilian ’ s taste . haydée , ” said the count , “ that from this moment you are absolutely free ; that here you exercise unlimited sway , and are at liberty to lay aside or continue the costume of your country , as it may suit your inclination . will have no need to apply to the police to know where my friends are , but that if you will	166.0047149658203
deign to interrogate the cardinal he can reply without any further inquiry than into his own recollections . ” what a dreadful misfortune ! time , dear d ’ artagnan , ” said aramis , “ and by taking part in our discussion may assist us with your intelligence . of milady , and left the saloon the happiest of men . good friend . in a voice of tenderness , amounting almost to love , was that of haydée . what for , gentlemen ? ” said the cardinal ; “ you know i don ’ t like <unk> . ” nor a demon ; i am a daughter of earth , i am a sister of thy faith , that is all . ” <unk> ”	88.18201446533203
else , ” said he . and a rigid form with twisted limbs , swollen eyelids , and lips <unk> with bloody foam , lay on the bed of torture , in place of the intellectual being who so lately rested there . great franz ’ s desire was to allude to their former interview , the fear of being disagreeable to the man who had loaded him and his friend with kindness prevented him from mentioning it . was at once penetrating and melodious ; and then , that which was inconceivable in athos , who was always retiring , was that delicate knowledge of the world and of the usages of the most brilliant <unk> manners of a high degree which appeared , as if unconsciously	189.63604736328125
to himself , in his least actions . ? ” . two or three old sails hung on the walls , and meeting nothing to suspect , regained by the hatchway the deck of the vessel . the road to paris , <unk> to trebled <unk> all speed , and passing through two or three apartments , enter at the tuileries the little room with the arched window , so well known as having been the favorite closet of napoleon and louis xviii. , and now of louis philippe . he , “ my dear friend , how god punishes the most thoughtless and unfeeling men for their indifference , by presenting dreadful scenes to their view . aware that there is a truce between us and the	169.03977966308594
english army . ” no , then ? ” one a minute longer than you please , ” said dantès , who had followed the working of his thoughts as accurately as though his brain were enclosed in crystal so clear as to display its minutest operations . de saint-méran had already been panting for breath some minutes ; she then had a fit , which i took to be simply a nervous attack , and it was only when i saw her raise herself in the bed , and her limbs and neck appear stiffened , that i became really alarmed . go without taking leave of her ; i can not die without confiding her to someone . ” am not afraid of thunder , ’	167.7166290283203
said the jeweller . he wrote , implored , threatened , and so energetically , that on the second restoration he was persecuted as a bonapartist . perfect security ; let her be ignorant that we know her secret . , _my <unk> , ” replied athos , who <unk> for propriety . for him directly , dear grandpapa . ” cried the queen , “ that dreadful mischief maker ! of supreme content , he left his hiding-place , and without being observed , descended one of the <unk> of steps provided for debarkation , and <unk> three times , shouted “ jacopo , jacopo , jacopo ! ” i am certain , awaits your majesty ’ s reply before risking anything . ” demeanor , franz	177.0289764404297
rose with the audience , and was about to join the loud , enthusiastic applause that followed ; but suddenly his purpose was arrested , his hands fell by his sides , and the <unk> “ bravos ” expired on his lips . finished , he said , “ hum ! is very good . window , danglars approached his wife . something i wish to see . ” there ? ” and confidential , and for that reason i send it to you by a man who shares my most intimate counsels . had yielded to albert ’ s wish to be introduced to haydée , and allowed the conversation to turn on the death of ali , and had not opposed haydée ’ s recital (	114.51217651367188
but having , doubtless , warned the young girl , in the few romaic words he spoke to her , not to implicate morcerf ’ s father ) . the prize given by the jockey <unk> gold cup , you <unk> a very singular circumstance occurred about that race . ” penetrating , sword in hand , to paris , i know that well . muzzle of the gun and arrested the shot which was about to be fired . he to the young girl , “ are you willing , my dear kitty , that i should give you a proof of that love which you doubt ? ” rack his imagination ; fertile as it was , he could not devise any plan for reaching the	139.39207458496094
island without companionship . her still , ” said kitty , who had not taken her eyes off the young man ’ s countenance for an instant . , have you not ? ” replied m. bonacieux , giving to his countenance a most sly air . in . with the endurance of athos , who seemed to be made of iron , he would have preferred a bath in the river seine of which he had heard so much , and afterward his bed ; but the comte de la fere had spoken and he had no thought but to obey . black claws , and the awful word which i wish to retain in my imagination in all its purity and all its importance . ”	89.54706573486328
fatality . , ” he said , “ have you come to drive away those rascal spaniards and those lorraine robbers ? ” ! ” ! caderousse eagerly . the body in the sack was going on . a third voice . , ” said the mercer , “ hold ! the staircase at which he had entered , and found athos and the four musketeers waiting his appearance , and beginning to grow uneasy . ? ” ” said mazarin , “ you must understand that if i ask this service from you it is with the intention of being grateful . ” <unk> of the young man , for seeing that they continued to advance toward the <unk> he had till then <unk> pulled his master	74.47989654541016
by the skirt of his coat . for it . she was still threatening him with an impotent gesture . what is your pleasure with me ? ” he clasped his hands , opened his haggard eyes , and , overcome with his emotion , sank into a chair . ferryboat had floated away , carried down by the stream , and the shrieks of those whom it contained resounded more and more . and draw the boat to us , ” said groslow . ! host . ” inquire from your majesty what you desire monsieur d ’ herblay and myself to do in your service . fell back with a groan . ” said athos to aramis , “ we were to have slept here ,	90.49191284179688
but we can not —we must push on. ” they rode forward and reached abbeville . most was that the cardinal , so deeply interested in preventing this young man from setting his foot in england , had not succeeded in arresting him on the road . i have been almost obliged to <unk> ” bertuccio made but one bound to the antechamber , and cried in a hoarse voice : for it ! ! ’ morcerf . ” and my own . woman ? ” he said . suffer himself to be easily <unk> from a place in which he has fixed his garrison . of our landlord . ” <unk> ” charge monsieur de séguier , the keeper of the seals , with this mission .	132.70147705078125
luxury i enjoy , ” said the queen , glancing sadly around her . ” and invited you without any ceremony , when you instantly answered that it would be impossible for you to accept , as you were going to tréport . ” not know what is seventeen months in prison ! <unk> ages rather , especially to a man who , like me , had arrived at the summit of his <unk> a man , who , like me , was on the point of marrying a woman he adored , who saw an honorable career opened before him , and who loses all in an <unk> sees his prospects destroyed , and is ignorant of the fate of his affianced wife , and whether his	117.50192260742188
aged father be still living ! you , my lord , ” replied groslow , with an irish accent , feigned of course , “ that if you are looking for captain rogers you will not find him . the doorway , not daring to approach nearer , were looking at noirtier ’ s old servant , who had heard the noise from his master ’ s room , and run there also , remaining behind the others . a disadvantage to you ; a <unk> man is very troublesome to people who are not prepared for it . returned to spain ; she believes in dreams . collected around poor ali , who is as much astonished as themselves ; really one might suppose he was the	157.6896514892578
only nubian they had ever beheld . the noble action this purse <unk> , we should not expose it thus to view . paper , and write what i dictate . ” . do not give me false information as you did the other day . ” him rather than let him go . ” no . report it . must be horribly bored , and have my sympathy . ” drum should be beaten , no trumpet sounded . hundred and ninety-one were royalists ? ” asked athos . ’ s room , ” replied the host . want ? ’ mercédès , blushing as rapidly as she had turned pale , and again becoming paler than ever . cries ; and , listening , discerned that	153.9397735595703
they were cries of joy . flush on the countenance of caderousse , who turned away , and the priest saw him wiping the tears from his eyes with the corner of the red handkerchief twisted round his head . me it was a boy , m. bertuccio . ” expression of his countenance , but i felt the arm tremble upon which my hand was placed . idiot by this time from drinking . d ’ artagnan , who had overheard him , “ to-night , gentlemen , we rescue the king . ” you , monsieur , ” continued the countess ; “ i would not have our gratitude become indiscreet or importunate . ” with loud applause . greatest horror of pirates , who are	86.9339370727539
hung up to the <unk> ; he would not die by what seemed an infamous death . great proof of his sympathy , at any rate . ” ” asked château-renaud . my life in his hands and gave it to me . <unk> the <unk> , not the <unk> . ” apartment quickly ; she there found rochefort ’ s lackey , and gave him his instructions . , of all my countrymen , survived that dreadful war . s simple enough ! ” replied athos . parliament nor the people with <unk> represent the wealth of the country ; nor the nobles nor the princes , who are the military power of france . ” him , then mournfully shook his head ; but in accordance	108.62483215332031
with dantès ’ request , he began to speak of other matters . very warmly , for the idea had sometimes crossed his mind ; still , when he recollected the independent , proud spirit of eugénie , he positively <unk> it as utterly impossible , though the same thought again continually recurred and found a resting-place in his heart . man who , without being bitten by one of his race , has yet murdered his benefactor ; and who , now unable to kill anyone , because his hands are bound , wishes to see his companion in captivity perish . count desired me to tell you that he should take advantage of this visit to plead for you and for himself . ” had engaged	169.51626586914062
to serve on board _la jeune amélie_ having expired , dantès took leave of the captain , who at first tried all his powers of persuasion to induce him to remain as one of the crew , but having been told the history of the legacy , he ceased to <unk> him further . , grimaud ? ” he exclaimed . porthos , “ i hear it said that he is very badly fed by the cardinal , monsieur de mazarin . said eugénie , “ while i change my costume do you lock the <unk> ” louise pressed with all the strength of her little hands on the top of the portmanteau . ” cried the queen . the executioner escape , then ? ” corsican ’	117.84931182861328
s name ? ” with <unk> shades which gave only a feeble light , as if out of consideration for the envoy ’ s weak sight . required of her , and certainly it was less difficult now for her to believe that she should marry maximilian than it was an hour ago to assure herself that she should not marry franz . replied porthos . s born must fulfil his destiny . ” is no occasion to divide the honors of my discovery with him . my lord . ” reached the ruins of an old chateau ; those ruins crowned the summit of a hill which overlooked the surrounding country . folly ! —to carry generosity so far as to put myself up as a mark	167.53797912597656
for that young man to aim at . tell what she says to me ! . eyes , —he could not believe his reason ; he dragged himself towards the child ’ s body , and examined it as a <unk> contemplates its dead <unk> . de guiche , “ these are cavaliers . ” , stood behind him . open revolt , and just now , as i was crossing the rue montorgueil with monsieur du vallon , who is here , and is your humble servant , they wanted in spite of my uniform , or perhaps because of my uniform , to make us cry ‘ long live broussel ! ’ and must i tell you , my lord what they wished us to cry	115.63346099853516
as well ? ” , who had seated herself , and taking an end of the murderous rope which by neglect , or perhaps by design , she allowed to be seen , “ what is this , madame ? ” he asked coldly . <unk> , ” said the visitor , “ and although you are said to be rich , i will venture to offer you something for your poor people ; will you accept my offering ? ” to the hay dealer and <unk> with him for a hundred and fifty trusses of straw , which he obtained , at the rate of three pistoles each . attention became more intense , and all eyes were turned towards the door through which benedetto was to	104.35475158691406
enter . about as many strawberries , which , on rising suddenly , he let fall from his hand . sepulchre , into which a ray of <unk> in pity scarcely penetrated . is very generous , my dear aramis , that ’ s all i can say . ” strong enough , is it not , porthos ? ” entered the adjoining room , which baptistin had designated as the drawing-room , and found there a young man , of graceful demeanor and elegant appearance , who had arrived in a cab about half an hour previously . he exclaimed . a complete and sudden <unk> ; he arose , rushed out of the room and to the stairs , exclaiming energetically , “ julie , <unk>	134.6005859375
, emmanuel ! ” calmly scrutinized the various countenances around them , as though demanding some one person who would take upon himself the responsibility of what they deemed excessive impertinence ; but as no one responded to the challenge , the friends turned again to the front of the theatre , and affected to busy themselves with the stage . monsieur raoul ! ” said mousqueton , “ the letter was very consoling . as he passed into the courtyard he stopped near a lamp and dived eagerly into the bag of money . , ” resumed morrel . the same promise to my love ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , beside himself with joy . you telling me ? ” inclination to play . ”	107.1352767944336
” baron , that legal methods are the safest in criminal cases ; it was , perhaps , some plot against you. ” andrea looked steadily at monte cristo and disappeared in the second drawing-room . i , ” said the count , whom a frightful contraction of the lips prevented from <unk> freely . my boots ; and when he has done , i will , if you like , send him to you to brush your shoes . ” dignity of his countenance <unk> mordaunt . then , to my good and faithful parisians , ” continued anne , with a smile , the expression of which did not deceive d ’ artagnan , “ that you have seen the king in bed , asleep ,	106.10900115966797
and the queen also ready to retire . ” , doctor . chapter 16 . going . go to bed at all ! ” opinion , a lara , a manfred , a lord ruthven ; then , just as i am arriving at the <unk> , you defeat your own end , and seek to make an ordinary man of me . , “ but yesterday i went to st. <unk> to make some inquiries after a servant , as i can not possibly do without one ; and the roads were so bad that i brought back all this mud , which i have not yet had time to remove . ” at home ; and it was milady who this time did all the honors	108.9827651977539
of the evening . say i must do so , madame , i only came to remind you of your promise for saturday . ” to be following tracks , so observant were they wherever they went . to-morrow morning at six o ’ clock , louis , to bathe at <unk> ? there gave it to him . ” for not calling him by the honorable name which no doubt he bears , but we do not know that name ) , monsieur your friend , having disabled two men with his pistols , retreated fighting with his sword , with which he disabled one of my men , and stunned me with a blow of the flat side of it . ” , you will permit	115.80147552490234
me to call to <unk> ! ” search for the letter with the greatest patience , turning out his pockets of all kinds over and over again , rummaging and <unk> in his valise , and opening and <unk> his purse ; but when he found that he had come to the conviction that the letter was not to be found , he flew , for the third time , into such a rage as was near <unk> him a fresh <unk> of wine , oil , and <unk> upon seeing this hot-headed youth become exasperated and threaten to destroy everything in the establishment if his letter were not found , the host seized a spit , his wife a broom handle , and the servants the same	172.67909240722656
sticks they had used the day before . are concerned , i see but one point in which you are really guilty . i think , the concierge said . cloak , in the folds of which his face was hidden , approached and leaned over the bed and looked . die ? ” noirtier raised his eyes to heaven . taken , imprisoned , interrogated , confronted , confounded , condemned , and cut off by <unk> or steel ; or if she be a woman of any consideration , they lock her up for life . am to be beheaded outside this window ? ” replied aramis ; “ you would make me weep , if such a thing were possible . ” shall be obeyed	136.30422973632812
. ” beautiful and strong , was set off by a ruffle of lace , like certain hands by <unk> and <unk> . good deal during the carnival at rome . ” to restrain d ’ artagnan , constantly in advance of the little troop , and to beg him to keep in the line , which in an instant he again departed from . the inspector , “ providence has changed this gigantic plan you <unk> so warmly . ” 5,000 livres , payable on m. <unk> , banker at nice , and also a letter of introduction to the count of monte cristo , whom i have directed to supply all your wants . resuscitated you , ” continued athos . it by a letter ,	109.44719696044922
written to him by the <unk> himself . ” ? ” said the host , bewildered ; “ boy , see if the mule belonging to the monk is still in the stable . ” no mistake about it . ” said raoul , blushing , “ might examine the spanish prisoner . ” his hand and in a hoarse voice cried , “ wait ! ” , and read it with an indescribable feeling of delight . countenance took an expression of the deepest compassion ; he began to think he had to do with madmen . there is a god , ” howled caderousse ; “ you do not believe it ; you <unk> lie ! ” can catch him ? ” but , it must	75.57637786865234
be admitted , upon something <unk> different from ambition . had been bestowed on madeleine <unk> from the fact that she had been born in a village , so called , situated between salon and <unk> ; and as a custom existed among the inhabitants of that part of france where caderousse lived of styling every person by some particular and <unk> appellation , her husband had bestowed on her the name of la carconte in place of her sweet and <unk> name of madeleine , which , in all probability , his rude <unk> language would not have enabled him to pronounce . remarkably well , ” said danglars . he breakfasted with <unk> , he made his first appearance in the world on that occasion .	181.5620880126953
” any more of them ? ” asked porthos . a proverb which says that ‘ red is either altogether good or altogether <unk> ’ the proverb was but too correct as regarded benedetto , and even in his infancy he manifested the worst disposition . ” said athos , gravely , “ i assure you that you do me wrong in dwelling so upon that . ranks to see whether the object of his interest had any concealed weapon beneath his clothes . but the steward had sold the last wisp . . was opened . ’ s lodge to the steps . , and this visit only increased the belief in his insanity . a man of resolution ; and your services , well directed ,	175.33767700195312
instead of leading you to ill , might be very advantageous to you . strong post , ” he resumed , “ and we have forty good men , tried soldiers , having no connection with frondeurs nor any interest in the fronde . ” the greatest man of ancient times . ” left hand ; it fit his finger as if made for it . his bed and called grimaud to dress the wound . you have seen me twenty times . ” d ’ artagnan , springing forward , in his turn , after the servant . caring little , as he said , for the beauties of the eternal city , ordered post-horses at noon . while to see whether the storm seemed to <unk>	139.61219787597656
in its fury , but a brief space of time sufficed to assure him that , instead of <unk> , the violence of the rain and thunder momentarily increased ; resigning himself , therefore , to what seemed <unk> , he bade his host good-night , and mounted the stairs . , saying to himself that he would be sure to awake at the <unk> . service , and he is at his rest , sewn up in his hammock with a thirty-six-pound shot at his head and his heels , off el <unk> island . songs are out of place in this castle . is still my friend , but since that time i have remained his . ” dear and faithful friends , besides the maiden	162.69534301757812
to whom i was betrothed ’ he said ; ‘ and i feel convinced they have all <unk> grieved over my loss . so am i ; his cassock is a burden to him and i imagine i have had enough of mine ; in fact , there is so much resemblance between us that i sometimes believe he is aramis and i am the coadjutor . , sword in hand . of <unk> a musketeer ! , it is easily done , ” said porthos . cried the jesuit , “ for that thesis touches closely upon <unk> . , would find himself on the field of battle . ’ ” said to the duchess , “ i have had the boldness to present myself at your	119.2403564453125
hotel without being known to you ; it has succeeded , since you deign to receive me . a syllable to them . ” one with a letter , and the other put it in the post . ” are right . of herself , but when she looked at the agitated countenance of the young man , she understood by his silence and trembling voice that something strange was passing within him . <unk> by two or three years , and if i am not mistaken i am turned forty years old . ” ’ artagnan ? ” then , ” said franz , “ since you wish it ; but on our way to the piazza del popolo , i wish to pass through the corso	60.673377990722656
. your cardinal ? want with a member of the parliament ? danglars , taking it from beyond his reach ; “ and as what i say and do is merely in jest , and i , amongst the first and foremost , should be sorry if anything happened to <unk> worthy <unk> here ! ” and taking the letter , he <unk> it up in his hands and threw it into a corner of the arbor . door with a kind of scythe in his hand . that he recognized the young man who had questioned him . you walked and talked together , one would have thought you were two <unk> telling your secrets to each other . ” you understand , beauchamp , that we	112.12886810302734
begin our search immediately . him by athos , he headed the small procession , bearing the torch in one hand and the musket in the other , until it reached de winter ’ s inn , when <unk> on the portal with his fist , he bowed to my lord and faced about without a word . with madame de chevreuse , madame de longueville , and the <unk> . ” when a thing completely surpasses my comprehension , i am accustomed not to dwell on that thing , but to pass to another . or giving any other intimation of his presence , as if he had been a friend or the master of the place . , which ali lighted and then retired to prepare	122.41021728515625
the coffee . wish , as your health absolutely requires it , that you should rest for a fortnight . and entered the subterranean grotto , followed by gaetano . sport . have heard it said that hearts inflamed by obstacles to their desire grew cold in time of security ; i trust we shall never find it so in our experience ! ” . was to him of far less value than a <unk> , especially when , by taking it away , he could increase the sum total of his own desires . obliged to give it up , as you may imagine , but i own i went away with rather a heavy heart , for the horse had looked at me affectionately , had	203.3043212890625
rubbed his head against me and , when i mounted him , had <unk> in the most delightful way imaginable , so that i was altogether fascinated with him . find your theme ill-chosen . ” strange fancy , which was always to believe that the causes of his sadness created the gaiety of others . . i taste one of them ! ” murmured porthos to himself , and then said aloud , “ thank you , my cousin , i am no longer hungry . ” allow it is the best thing for the stomach ; but i hear beauchamp in the next room ; you can dispute together , and that will pass away the time . ” ” in a lonely road between a	103.00328063964844
huguenot and a catholic , with both of whom he had before had business , and who both knew him again ; so they united against him and hanged him on a tree . signor aladdin , ” replied the singular amphitryon , “ you heard our repast announced , will you now take the trouble to enter the dining-room , your humble servant going first to show the way ? ” ” for joy ; he had despaired of finding bazin , but now , he thought , since he held one end of the thread he would be pretty sure to reach the other end . rose clear and resplendent , touching the <unk> waves into a network of <unk> light . was wrapped a new-born	205.11880493164062
child . the contrary , —you are still young , handsome , dignified ; it is because you have had faith ; because you have had strength , because you have had trust in god , and god has sustained you . <unk> gallery , he became , on the part of those who had brought him , the object of the <unk> insults and the <unk> treatment . is the meaning of this ? ” thanks , ” said the duke ; “ but your majesty may be assured that it is not <unk> do not speak of monsieur de <unk> your majesty sees at all hours of the day that are most devoted to you . ” my way about the city with my eyes shut	82.46044158935547
. ” yes , i know it . to depend on for assistance ? ” ” said the latter , closing the door and <unk> it , that they might not be disturbed . the cardinal . , motionless and dumb , listening to the beating of his own heart . ” continued aramis , “ that it <unk> irreproachable passion . small rooms and a parlor . ! —on me ? ” fatal prudence of the baron deprived me of , because he knows the use i would make of it ! dessert , or rather took the baskets from the hands of the statues and placed them on the table . d ’ artagnan , whom reflection never abandoned , “ gentlemen , think of what	90.92964172363281
you are about . mme . out , her bonnet was placed beside her on a chair , and her gloves were on her hands . comprehend the silence of the comte de wardes , and she ordered kitty to come at nine o ’ clock in the morning to take a third letter . them in that sonorous language in which homer makes his gods converse . in the manuscript , and we do not choose to take upon ourselves to alter it . corpse was plunged a poniard , the gold hilt of which shone in the moonbeams . ” on monte cristo and heard still more . own apartment anne fell into a chair and wept ; then suddenly struck with an idea : a	116.80180358886719
spaniard . door , with his eyes starting and his hair on end . baseness , but at the same time with the assurance , of a man who speaks the truth , at least in part , if not <unk> for conscience ’ sake , but through fear . there when he fell . ” the misfortune which has just happened to you , there is another , perhaps , still greater . ” christian ? ” he said , falling on his knees . on the first day of every month , and you will receive the same sum . ” a fine opportunity for a traitor , my lord ; the chance of being attacked would be an excuse for everything . ” d ’	73.0768814086914
artagnan , “ i comprehend ! , and beneath a canopy of blue velvet , surmounted by white and red plumes , was a <unk> portrait of anne of austria , so perfect in its resemblance that d ’ artagnan uttered a cry of surprise on beholding it . as the boy had no interest in deceiving , d ’ artagnan learned that he exercised , from six o ’ clock in the morning until nine , the office of chorister , and from nine o ’ clock till midnight that of a waiter in the tavern . him he appeared to me like an old lieutenant who had grown mouldy under his epaulets . my friend ! ” beauchamp , debray , and château-renaud were talking of	114.98975372314453
the very sudden death of the marchioness . foundation ( “ the foundation ” or pglaf ) , owns a compilation copyright in the collection of project gutenberg™ electronic works . know us ; when we can ’ t have one thing we invent another . ” , ” responded debray . . ” effect upon the poor girl that she had never ceased walking from paris till she reached burgundy , her native place . again , ” said aramis , as they took leave of planchet ; “ if anything happens to us we shall blame you for it . ” beaufort has become an enemy of the state . ” you , since mademoiselle danglars was not among the number here who thought of you	136.19422912597656
? to beg at night , ” said the groom , endeavoring to rid his master of the troublesome intruder . in the morning he arose and called planchet , who at the second summons opened the door , his countenance not yet quite freed from the anxiety of the preceding night . on his journey , without other escort than his sword , and with a simple passport from mazarin to secure his admission to the queen ’ s presence . replied the wounded man . on d ’ artagnan ’ s shoulders , and gazed at him with his calm , sad smile . me forget all that i do not wish to remember . ” toward the door , used to call out : “	72.82325744628906
halloo ! afraid , ” said d ’ artagnan . the cup to me ? ” faith in your loyalty ! ” the invalid . gentleman ? ” the political hatred which had formerly existed between m. noirtier and the elder d ’ épinay , well understood the agitation and anger which the announcement had produced ; but , feigning not to perceive either , he immediately resumed the narrative begun by his wife . caderousse , “ you would not like me to risk taking cold ? ” madame de villefort , “ the door was towards the road before , and on the day of my miraculous escape you brought me into the house from the road , i remember . ” , bleeding man ,	95.35890197753906
the wife grasped her husband ’ s arm . exclaimed the countess , after their walk had continued ten minutes in silence , “ is it true that you have seen so much , travelled so far , and suffered so deeply ? ” ; he saw that he was no match for monte cristo in an argument of this sort , and he therefore hastened to turn to subjects more congenial . you prefer <unk> . well know . the other hand , my lord , you have lost it , and now , in accordance with the law of war , sir , you must buy it back again . ” said the young man , with an air of sorrowful resignation , to faria ,	86.75789642333984
“ that god <unk> it right to take from me any claim to merit for what you call my devotion to you . he will be too strong for you . ” the gates of calais , d ’ artagnan ’ s horse gave out , and could not by any means be made to get up again , the blood flowing from his eyes and his nose . s letter . a crime ? ” asked villefort , with a last effort . andrea , commanding silence by his voice and manner ; “ i owe you the proofs and explanations of what i have said . ” , and left the room . will behold my men at work . that in the attack of last	74.0497055053711
night eight or ten frenchmen were killed , and as many rochellais . ” his companion , who returned for answer a sign that said , “ i see no great harm in telling him now , ” and the gendarme replied : , of abuse of power , and murder . porthos , aramis , lord de winter , and the man in the red cloak . , that it was the shorter and easier part . carriage with orders for it to fetch him at two o ’ clock ; fortunately the palazzo bracciano , which is on one side in the corso , and on the other in the square of the holy <unk> , is hardly ten minutes ’ walk from the hôtel de	110.49590301513672
londres . , hasten ! answered , “ during my long watch over you , all i have observed has been what people visited you , what nourishment was prepared , and what beverage was served ; then , when the latter appeared dangerous to me , i entered , as i have now done , and substituted , in the place of the poison , a <unk> draught ; which , instead of producing the death intended , caused life to circulate in your veins . ” . fellow , ” said he to franz ; “ you did not see ? ” on paris ? ” the minister of police maintained a silence which was equivalent to a complete avowal . , and , recognizing his	117.52613067626953
wife ’ s writing , ran his eyes rapidly over its contents ; it ran as follows : man who loved her . ” ” said château-renaud ; “ i narrowly escaped catching a fever there . ” visit to make . the last touches of mousqueton ’ s brush for an hour , and took his way toward the rue aux ours with the steps of a man who was doubly in favor with fortune . of which we are ignorant ? ” . in the cloister , and the good superior was eager to make the acquaintance of her new boarder . make all the sacrifices which this word <unk> , sir , ” said morrel , “ not only with resignation , but with cheerfulness	101.98210144042969
. ” above all the galloping and neighing of the horses winter ’ s voice crying out : of his countenance that the trigger was about to be pulled ; she reached her hand quickly to her bosom , drew out a paper , and held it toward athos . , my former friends ! ” he murmured , and fell with his face to the ground . pleasure , and bowed a sign of assent . delivering some bandit or criminal from the bonds of the law . ” said porthos , “ aramis is of the same height , and something of the shape of the duke ; but it nevertheless appears to me that the dress of a <unk> ” in order that the instrument	86.81549835205078
may not be contested , i am anxious to give it the greatest possible authenticity , therefore , one of my colleagues will help me , and , contrary to custom , will assist in the <unk> of the testament . said mazarin , his eyes twinkling with joy on seeing that he could pay for porthos ’ s devotion without opening his purse ; “ only that ? the fowl ; it appeared very thin for the price it had cost . arms he became almost supreme <unk> of albania , epirus , and adjacent territory . ” returned the voice ; “ tomorrow . ” i think , a sterlet , ” said château-renaud . said , “ is our road . ” answered porthos ,	109.88200378417969
“ i understand you perfectly , on my honor ; two hundred louis , each of us , would be making a pretty thing of it ; but what will people say ? ” xiii . he felt the sensation we have described , and which had hitherto been unknown to him , arise in his bosom , and fill him with vague apprehensions . he will perhaps tell us that he has had enough of it . ” with his hands , and looking at the block he said : the past ? ” asked porthos . , and the duke at boulogne . cloak to hide one ’ s self in , no cunning policy here ; people laugh outright , they weep for joy here	116.5157699584961
. happened to them ? ” in the course of two hours it will be dark , and you will not be able to see anything . ” , which wanted a quarter to ten ; but soon the same clock he had already heard strike two or three times rectified the error by striking half-past nine . your mind when you shall be there yourself ? ” as we do , that interior condition of repose which , thanks to the energy of our government , we are about to attain . , ” said felton , stopping the duke ; “ but does your grace know that the name of charlotte backson is not the true name of this young woman ? ” myself a few	91.88162994384766
leagues hence until my brother can rejoin me . that we ought to secure happiness while it is within our reach . ” nothing . in constant fear of being forced from that position , i am armed to the teeth . ” ” for having made a stiff , as if it was not in a corsican ’ s nature to revenge himself . ” gutenberg ebook the count of monte cristo , illustrated *** i thought . hunting party on his property in the month of september , 1646 . moment i could not believe that it was to me your first two letters were addressed , so unworthy did i feel myself of such an honor ; besides , i was so seriously indisposed that	145.7587890625
i could not in any case have replied to them . longer counted the sighs . up the bag of money , and placed it between his teeth . he were to lose them ? ” said monte cristo . mazarin , breathing more freely . is no other than lord ruthven himself in a living form . ” the count , and deep hatred mounted to his face , as the blood would to the face of any other . , ” he said , “ here you are in full dress most fortunately , for i am going to take you to the cardinal ’ s . ” were dreaming or awake . the blood came . flash of lightning , illumined the road , and	77.02845001220703
with the flash was heard the whistling of balls , which were fired <unk> in the air . , <unk> ! _ ” cried the citizen , swearing in order to rouse his courage . my body , is it not so ? he with him ? ” what had become of felton . to force that barrier and returned up the quay . therefore , alone ; and as he declared he was too ignorant of the game to play it regularly they only continued giving balls to one another without counting . not fight with me , i will kill his son-in-law ; cavalcanti will certainly fight . ” and one wounded man ; so that three of the king ’ s <unk> of whom was	128.49411010742188
<unk> a youth not only maintained their ground against five of the most terrible of the cardinal ’ s guardsmen , but absolutely brought four of them to earth . ” that i believe i know him . ” through all the doors , down all the staircases , by every exit , everyone hastened to retire , or rather to fly ; for it was a situation where the ordinary <unk> , —which even the best friends are so eager to offer in great catastrophes , <unk> seen to be utterly futile . a hundred times better thus ? ” cried eugénie , <unk> the scattered curls of her hair , which had now quite a masculine appearance ; “ and do you not think me handsomer	161.02139282226562
so ? ” a short time , ” resumed d ’ artagnan , “ we shall have set battles , <unk> , <unk> and there will be great variety . ” lord , i am listening . ” , if i mistake not , the chevalier d ’ artagnan is lieutenant of royal guards ; but take care , for i fear that this man is entirely devoted to the cardinal . ” an <unk> of dinners and routs . me <unk> for what is worth 5,000,000 ? up this silly jest ? he gravely , addressing franz , “ if you look upon me as a liar , it is useless for me to say anything ; it was for your interest i—— ” to recover what	76.85836029052734
i had lost . why ? ’ electronic works to be seen , <unk> to and fro from morning till night , pale , careworn , and haggard , like so many shadows , —the men whom justice holds beneath the steel she is <unk> . the owner of the project gutenberg™ trademark , but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation . o ’ clock in the morning , he landed at st. valery . , as i have told monseigneur , he found the door of the cellar stairs behind him , and as the door was open , he took out the key , and barricaded himself inside . , perform , distribute or redistribute this	160.7926788330078
electronic work , or any part of this electronic work , without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.e.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the project gutenberg™ license . not merely the best <unk> of the law , but the most crafty <unk> of the <unk> of his profession , a steel <unk> to search hearts , a <unk> to try the gold which in each soul is mingled with more or less of <unk> ? ” details with the same calmness milady had constantly seen in him , never pronouncing a word himself , and making himself obeyed by a gesture of his hand or a sound of his whistle . out , and did set out at that	186.14967346191406
very instant , carrying with me the beginning of my great work , the <unk> of the italian kingdom ; but for some time the imperial police ( who at this period , quite contrary to what napoleon desired so soon as he had a son born to him , wished for a partition of provinces ) had their eyes on me ; and my hasty departure , the cause of which they were unable to guess , having aroused their suspicions , i was arrested at the very moment i was leaving piombino . majesty can make all this <unk> about a letter written to my brother . ” also to admire his poetry exceedingly . ” ” said albert , “ if you think my apology	149.27835083007812
sufficient , pray give me your hand . discerned a small vessel under full sail approaching monte cristo . but these suspicions appeared to be disagreeable to monsieur the commissary , and i no longer have them . ” of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.f.3 , this work is provided to you ‘ as-is ’ , with no other warranties of any kind , express or implied , including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for any purpose . upon it . who are well provided with every formality . ” as it was dark his pallor was not perceptible . of his funeral , and a few small debts the poor old man had contracted . , with an emotion very	243.8945770263672
rare in him . wondrous island indeed faithfully guarded its precious secret ? aramis . which he prefers in his journeys , large enough to hold all the world . ” that marvellous rapidity which the unlimited power of the count ever commanded . procession ; only , behind the guards the barricades were closed again . as anxious to learn news of grimaud , mousqueton , and bazin as i am to know what has become of athos , porthos , and aramis ? ” almost instantaneously , but much better aimed than those of the aggressors ; three soldiers fell dead , and one of the pioneers was wounded . <unk> he can raise , the timid of giants he can confront , the poor of	221.3267364501953
treasures he spends , the most humble peasant , in the height of his pride , calls himself jupiter . , clogged dantès ’ efforts . concluded with these words : “ the present accusation is preferred by us in the name of the english people . ” sweetest pastime such events could accord a woman of her <unk> a beautiful vengeance . the supplication of a despairing woman . ” cried the count , seizing the young men ’ s hands ; “ look , for on my soul it is curious . mazarin , “ i see it will be necessary for me to <unk> . ” one of these <unk> i heard the door open . . all probability to la rochelle , and once	130.1835174560547
<unk> ” ” , at the opposite side of the table , had been occupied in similarly placing his most honored guests . passage paved with <unk> , was a little garden , bathed in <unk> , and rich in warmth and light . , ” continued the cardinal , “ you performed sundry superb exploits in the last reign . ” , ” said danglars , glancing at the bandit ’ s dinner through the crevices of the door , — “ may i be hanged if i can understand how people can eat such <unk> ! ” and he withdrew to seat himself upon his goat-skin , which reminded him of the smell of the brandy . can not permit you to go . ” then	108.25470733642578
. all i poss ... think that he is much troubled with gout . ” to do with that woman ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , with anguish . in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties . besides , if they forget , i shall take the liberty of reminding them . ” long . ? ” said the gascon , proud to display so rich a gift in the eyes of his friends . immediately broke off their conversation . the hands of barrois , who was sent out , the lemonade which m. noirtier had every morning , and he has escaped by a miracle . answer me ! ” weakness , ” said caderousse , “ but it <unk> me	82.850830078125
. ” under <unk> of myrtle , which spread into large bushes laden with blossoms , or beneath parasitical <unk> . sir , ’ replied the president . tell me without questioning its meaning ; for instance , you told me to live , and i did live ; you told me to hope , and i almost did so . hand she muffled him up in a <unk> robe , a large hood , and a cloak . in the matter ? <unk> , the only book he had ever read , but which he still slightly remembered . ten o ’ clock they anchored . of us in this country , for each must think about his own affairs . have done ? ” the sword	122.49470520019531
or pistol , in the colonies with the carbine , in arabia with the dagger . too . ” , ” continued the servant , “ begs these gentlemen ’ s permission to wait upon them as their neighbor , and he will be honored by an intimation of what time they will please to receive him . ” morning . ” that is , at nine o ’ clock in the morning , albert de morcerf , dressed in a black coat buttoned up to his chin , might have been seen walking with a quick and agitated step in the direction of monte cristo ’ s house in the champs-élysées . judge ; that is all . can tell you , of which i do not	70.20429992675781
think you are aware ; that is , that i have always been opposed to this marriage , and that the contract was entered into entirely without my consent or approbation . ” this interval of calm to send away raoul , whom he had great difficulty in keeping shut up during the riot , and who wished positively to strike a blow for one party or the other . richelieu ’ s object , not only to get rid of an enemy of france , but to avenge himself on a rival ; but this vengeance must be grand and striking and worthy in every way of a man who held in his hand , as his weapon for combat , the forces of a kingdom .	130.4495391845703
the count , and even by this mere contact of individuals the scene had already acquired considerable interest for an observer . horses ! ” edmond <unk> hopes . long time ; all three have left the service . ” , ” added aramis ; “ but you must not think of that , athos ; what is past , is past . ” . ” where is that ? ” countenance of the dead man , and at times gave it the appearance of life . king , ” said the man , rising again . french , but she had married in england . ” , although it did not correspond in shape with that which he had seen in his dreams , must be the	83.45951843261719
blessed coffer , and he congratulated himself that the reality was several feet higher than the dream . , a livid flash darted from her eyes ; she ran to the table , emptied into mme . porthos earned by selling straw . try and find me a situation with him as grandfather , since he holds the <unk> ! ” of <unk> the hashish . ” who , surprised by this tumult , had gone to their windows to learn the cause of it , saw the door open , and four men , clothed in black , not <unk> out of it , but <unk> , like so many frightened crows , leaving on the ground and on the corners of the furniture , feathers from	157.33056640625
their wings ; that is to say , <unk> of their clothes and fragments of their cloaks . and bicarat . at conversation with olivain he foresaw that many days passed thus would prove exceedingly dull ; and the count ’ s agreeable voice , his gentle and persuasive eloquence , recurred to his mind at the various towns through which they journeyed and about which he had no longer any one to give him those interesting details which he would have drawn from athos , the most amusing and the best informed of guides . sword and placed two pistols in his belt ; then both mounted and departed quietly . , ” said louvieres , presenting his <unk> musket to the officer . the man .	182.9526824951172
may bear fruit , it is necessary that it should be quietly conducted , far from noise and interruption . i were his d ’ artagnan , instead of belonging to that beast of a mazarin , mordieu ! monte cristo has just carried off their five millions . ” the duc de beaufort , was quite unintelligible to la ramee . he will think—— ” true what you say ? ” in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties . giulio ! ” answered dantès , laughingly , “ it didn ’ t take long to fix that . half a league out at sea , and to which _la jeune amélie_ replied by a similar signal , indicated that the moment for business	186.26759338378906
had come . ” replied monte cristo ; “ i follow you . ” the rocks grew a few <unk> <unk> and thick bushes of myrtles . ; the captivity of mazarin alone <unk> my life ; if you let him go i am a dead man . ” he told me it was you who sacrificed to the demon of speculation . ” ” cried bonacieux , terrified ; “ of high treason ! resolution . ” edmond ? fact , that are cast up by the wash of waters on the sandy beach , and styled by the grateful fishermen “ fruits of the sea . ” depart , if i give you that you demand ? ” ? ” asked m. d ’ avrigny ,	78.09133911132812
at the foot of the stairs , it being the hour he usually visited her . ” said danglars ; “ and where was that ? ” ! ” play the <unk> with an unarmed man ? ” porthos . ” said he to albert , “ if you are come to quarrel with this gentleman because i have preferred him to you , i shall resign the case to the king ’ s attorney . ” valentine , “ we have been waiting for you with such impatience , dear m. d ’ avrigny . preference you can point it out to me ; and if it be not within a thousand leagues of london , attention will be paid to your wishes . in terrible <unk>	59.959991455078125
. , added to the angry tone in which the count spoke , ali turned pale and held down his head . , ” said porthos ; “ that signified as clear as daylight that he still intends to make me a baron . ” <unk> buffet on the shoulder , and as they had reached the station where they were to breakfast , the conversation ended there . the assistance of the aristocracy , but aristocracy can not survive without the countenance of monarchs . porthos could not afford to have a baldric wholly of gold , but had at least half . to the capitals of their kingdoms . man returned covered with dust , his errand was performed , and two minutes after , another	125.06082153320312
man on foot , muffled in a mantle , opened the little door of the garden , which he closed after him . your turn , ” said the coadjutor , turning to the last that remained ; “ have you anything as good to offer me as the two gentlemen who have left us ? ” son ! ” said the count . tennis ? ” asked la ramee , giving more serious attention to the duke ’ s words . too pure to suppose that any female could be guilty of such perfidy ; besides , the name of the comtesse de winter , which she had heard the abbess pronounce , was wholly unknown to her , and she was even ignorant that a woman	69.37970733642578
had had so great and so fatal a share in the misfortune of her life . , and which he , and lawn parties without end , in all of which i trust the count will remember us , as he may depend upon it we shall him , in our own humble entertainments . ” i would entreat of you . ” fall showed them that he was no stranger to the sciences , and he seemed much occupied with chemistry . regard to myself , my lord , it can not be so , for i was removed from the chatelet to the bastile owing to an order from your eminence . ” instructed , gave me masters , and when i was thirteen years of	104.70834350585938
age he sold me to the sultan <unk> . ” at the rendezvous . ” stammered the nurse . , what is happening , and not to god . to foot and smiled when he discovered that in spite of the blow he had administered to parry ’ s brother , he was not nearly so strong as himself . with a joy that was not unmixed with fear ; he would have preferred an obstinate resistance on the part of the cardinal to this sudden yielding . , therefore , about marie michon among the four musketeers , who besides had what they wanted : that was , the order to withdraw mme . at your house ? ” and while we do so , tell me	140.68154907226562
a little of what is going on in the world yonder . ” pleasure , gentlemen ? ” replied the peasant , with a purity of accent peculiar to the people of that district and which might have put to shame the <unk> <unk> of the <unk> and the rue de l ’ <unk> . a noble family , who placed reliance upon your <unk> was near dying of my wounds at first , and of hunger afterward , in a <unk> inn at chantilly , without you ever <unk> once to reply to the burning letters i addressed to you . ” of the admiralty , covered with dust , and streaming with perspiration . than a league and had begun to <unk> the first houses of	105.7977294921875
the village , the <unk> roofs of which stood out from the green trees which surrounded them , when , coming toward them mounted on a mule , they perceived a poor monk , whose large hat and gray worsted dress made them take him for an augustine brother . made a sign with her head ; the young princess opened the door and raoul appeared on the threshold . seat , pale and cold . , on reflection , ” said he to him , “ that you have done wrong in thus speaking of your mother-in-law in the presence of m. debray ? ” to tell me ? ” hour he returned , accompanied by a tall man , masked , and wrapped in a large	107.62153625488281
red cloak . a horrible , tedious death ; you killed my father ; you deprived me of liberty , of love , and happiness . ” word , hastened to the stone that closed up the entrance to their grotto , drew it away , made a sign to the fugitive to take refuge there , in a retreat unknown to everyone , closed the stone upon him , and then went and resumed his seat by teresa . . to undress him , and he then examined his dreadful wounds . to be done ? ” asked the queen , “ for i hear them . ” the women of the <unk> <unk> are educated in italy ? ” ( this is the name of the	90.77806091308594
lower class . ) but only as no . , ” replied jacopo ; “ i only make a remark . ” ” murmured he , “ is dantès then a member of some <unk> society , that his protector thus employs the <unk> form ? perceived it , but , attributing it to a caprice , feigned ignorance . infamous de wardes , ” said milady , between her teeth , “ and i shall soon know how to get rid of you—you double idiot , you animated sword blade ! ” by a powerful spring , and her eyes flashed lightning . door harnessed to the carriage as your excellency desired . could reach her friend , the procureur had found time to whisper to madame	207.3447723388672
danglars , “ i must speak to you . ” , it was imprudence , and this imprudence was in obedience to the orders of your captain . , as he said to those around him , that he had put on his cloak ; and while he spoke with a lofty air and twisted his mustache disdainfully , all admired his embroidered baldric , and d ’ artagnan more than anyone . five days for the transmission of the money , four or five days for her to return ; that makes ten days . remain here permanently , as monsieur mazarin has kindly given me to understand , i must provide myself with a diversion for my old age , i must turn gourmand . ”	105.40827941894531
, who was the first to enter , gazed a moment in silence on that pale and noble face , framed in its long and now <unk> , matted hair , the blue veins showing through the transparent temples , his eyes seemingly swollen by tears . is what you call devotion ! political opinions are extreme , ” said villefort , who had never heard anything of the kind , but was not sorry to make this inquiry , as if it were an accusation . look at noirtier ; he saw the eyes of the old man dilate and become round , his cheeks turn pale and tremble ; the perspiration stood in drops upon his forehead . prevent my building myself a little hut on	160.42645263671875
my <unk> , and residing not twenty yards from you . ” cried felton , with terror , forgetting to withdraw his hands from the hands of the prisoner , “ to kill yourself ? ” clock in the morning , the dawn was just breaking , and its feeble ray came into the dungeon , and <unk> the ineffectual light of the lamp . him , he told us all to trouble ourselves about our own business , as this horse belonged to him . our friends <unk> will head the <unk> england ; we shall re-enter <unk> him securely on his <unk> ” all events , for mousqueton looked upon himself as dead . this <unk> passion the more his senses yielded to its <unk> ,	120.71066284179688
and at length , weary of a struggle that taxed his very soul , he gave way and sank back breathless and exhausted beneath the kisses of these marble goddesses , and the enchantment of his marvellous dream . disgrace to your friend to have been deceived ; beppo has taken in plenty of others . ” twenty paces behind my lord . said d ’ artagnan , “ i consent to bazin with all my heart , but grant me planchet . the command to him ? ” watch ! to know ; the bastion was guarded . cardinal laporte ’ s place , which he accepted and went from one carriage to the other . to the chamber of his companion in captivity , he found	120.93668365478516
faria seated and looking composed . served under napoleon , did he not still retain royalist sentiments ? with the basket and the dessert . room ! ” said the same voice . substitute cunning for force . will grant me no more , i must be content with what you give me . clock . ” advance , following the sailors , who chose a firm footing . , monsieur mazarin , ” said rochefort , leading off his curate , who had not found an opportunity of uttering a single word during the foregoing dialogue , “ you will see whether i am too old to be a man of action . ” t let us try to do things cheaply . said benedetto , laughing	141.05523681640625
; “ do you want proofs ? ” felton , i can do nothing but die . ” replied the baron . against without warning ? keep me from it , and you , too ! ” said d ’ artagnan . man all the facts we have just narrated ; his story , however , had over ours all the advantage of the animation of living things over the coldness of dead things . ” the date of the day on which i had you bidden to come to me , and seek in your memory for what happened to you that very night . ” then , after five years of separation ! period and at a certain moment , if any mischance should happen to	93.66300964355469
you , ” said richelieu , significantly , “ that it was i who came to seek you , and that i did all in my power to prevent this misfortune <unk> you . ” , who you said had 30,000 livres , and we only found <unk> . ” friend , we will go forward . ” door in the street . ” ! to the wounded man to announce that they were followed by the priest . approached , and said , — the famous return from elba , a return which was <unk> in the past , and will probably remain without a <unk> in the future . . a sacrilege . dreadful event ! ” cried maximilian . <unk> , and dantès was able	62.14517593383789
to break it <unk> small morsels , it is true , but at the end of half an hour he had <unk> off a handful ; a <unk> might have calculated that in two years , supposing that the rock was not encountered , a passage twenty feet long and two feet broad , might be formed . . out instantly for saint germain , but the queen declared that she should wait for the people whom she had appointed to meet her . and cellars below , had above the ground floor , two stories and <unk> . with some of course , ” replied monte cristo . ” said the queen , “ it would have much astonished me if that low <unk> , with his	101.5836410522461
distorted legs , had not been mixed up with all this . ” . heed , but was , as far as appearances might be trusted , enjoying soft repose and bright celestial dreams . him on board the tartan . ” up . you introduced me at m. danglars ’ . ” which milady had stabbed herself , open in his bosom ; at one bound he was upon the duke . and get ready . ” said milady , “ is the <unk> of england , the persecutor of true believers , the base ravisher of the honor of so many <unk> who , to satisfy a caprice of his corrupt heart , is about to make england shed so much blood , who protects the	172.89759826660156
protestants today and will betray them <unk> ” the cardinal , “ you are to come with me , or rather , i am to go with you . ” repose . an arm-chair . him . despised flatterers , but he appreciated enthusiasts . s servant , and must go wherever that service calls you . ” unprotected by copyright law in the united states and you are located in the united states , we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying , distributing , performing , displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed . centre of the place , but as at this very moment the moon had just emerged from	175.57754516601562
behind a cloud , they thought they might be observed if they remained on that spot and therefore regained the shade of the lime-trees . ’ inquired i , ‘ am i to maintain myself and my poor sister ? ’ , either for his address or for his sensibility , whichever it might be termed . a royalist , ” replied the general ; “ i have taken the oath of <unk> to louis xviii. , and i will adhere to it. ” these words were followed by a general murmur , and it was evident that several of the members were discussing the propriety of making the general repent of his <unk> . and it takes a considerable effort , much paperwork and many fees to	168.5828094482422
meet and keep up with these requirements . greatness of soul , porthos his enthusiasm , aramis his elegance . not at all , ” said mazarin ; “ let us be off . ” ” said the soldier , uneasy at perceiving that all was not over . steps from here . ” ; his visage , marked with brutal cruelty , did not indicate age ; he might be thirty . carriage stopped before the door , and the servant announced m. lucien debray . us all four , four lackeys , horses , arms , and all ! ” in the old man ’ s eye , expressed his thanks to the doctor . that d ’ artagnan and porthos are at rueil , alive	109.06375885009766
and well . ” , ” replied d ’ artagnan . got up , perfumed himself , dressed , and went to the queen to tell her what had detained him . which would ratify beforehand all that i should think proper to do for the greatest good of france . ” ! ” said aramis . _arabian nights_ ? ” said the man , “ you are fully persuaded of my entire devotion to you , are you not ? ” it ; his languishing looks and <unk> tones when addressing mademoiselle danglars fully proclaim his intentions . said , turning to those who were near him “ can any one of you speak spanish and serve me as interpreter ? ” , his countenance full of	105.44512939453125
animation and joy . winter entered . let them come up immediately . well acquainted with the business of the house , not to feel that a great catastrophe hung over the morrel family . next morning she arose , and without ringing for her maid or giving the least sign of her activity , she dressed herself in the same simple style as on the previous night ; then running downstairs , she left the hotel , walked to the rue de provence , called a cab , and drove to m. de villefort ’ s house . . ” which we left the establishment of m—— ! milady , “ i have not seen our gascon this evening . ” that we are incurring greater risks	146.29676818847656
than athos and aramis ? ” asked porthos . ; we know all about that . ” avrigny met the cousin whom villefort had mentioned , a personage as insignificant in our story as in the world he <unk> of those beings designed from their birth to make themselves useful to others . asked the gascon . ! ” your fatal career , if you did not do evil for the infinite and supreme joy of doing it ? the left , and you are looking to the right ; i mean on my <unk> , there . relating her crimes to you ? he was saved , for he heard the brigadier exclaim in a loud voice , to the two gendarmes , “ he is not	125.61305236816406
here ! ” but venturing to peep , he perceived that the latter , instead of retiring , as might have been reasonably expected upon this announcement , were watching with increased attention . ” of the island . ” , we return to paris ? moment has come for me to re-enter the bosom of the church . ” by accompanying my son so far , since i now abandon him , and allow him to depart alone to the <unk> <unk> of africa ? , ” continued he , “ that the testator , having only the right to alienate a part of his fortune , and having <unk> it all , the will will not bear scrutiny , and is declared null and void .	118.30909729003906
” athos , “ i am arrested . ” love to madness , or rather to folly , ” replied richelieu , with great bitterness . . ” to anyone better able to inform you on all these points , for i knew him when he was a child , and one day that i fell into his hands , going from <unk> to <unk> , he , fortunately for me , recollected me , and set me free , not only without ransom , but made me a present of a very splendid watch , and related his history to me . ” have happened ? ” he exclaimed , “ what has thus disturbed you ? who have calculated everything with such nicety , have you	78.03412628173828
forgotten to calculate one <unk> mean where the revelation of your crimes will lead you to ? aramis , speaking rapidly , “ you are saved ; the london executioner has vanished . a part of what was to happen . the king is but a child and the queen a woman weak enough . . head and uttered a cry of joy . , like his friend ’ s ; he not only gets used to his captivity , but jokes about it . ” know him . ” say to this ? ” asked franz . can tonight , and tomorrow , if you can , we will take our departure together . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan . decided , ” said d ’	68.56438446044922
artagnan , “ that what i have to offer to you does not tempt you ? ” whilst d ’ artagnan was leaning over the aperture to listen , a metallic sound , as if some one was moving a bag of gold , struck on his ear ; he started ; instantly afterward a door opened and a light played upon the staircase . at the table and began to play . permission . ” tent , lit a lamp , and while planchet stood at the entrance that the four friends might not be surprised , d ’ artagnan , with a trembling hand , broke the seal and opened the so anxiously expected letter . there is any truth in what i am going to	101.48211669921875
tell you , but it is , at least , a ray of light in a dark night ; by following it we may , perhaps , discover something more certain . ” , that he is not happy ? ” said the count . probability they will wait at the door . ” notary ! ” where she was going . must surrender your sword to me , monsieur , and that without resistance . , for one of her friends who resides in the provinces , i believe , for a trustworthy maid . wish to turn you out , my dear debray , ” continued danglars ; “ oh , no , not at all . permission to shoot over this island . ” ,	60.2550048828125
yes , i , too , have suffered much ! ” before the poisoner would have alarmed her less . holy spirit will come as a tongue of fire to open the doors of my prison ? ” ” replied aramis . officer delegated to <unk> the law , and perfectly well knew that it would be as unavailing to seek pity from a magistrate decked with his official scarf , as to address a petition to some cold marble effigy . the look , and so did villefort , for his countenance became clouded , and he knitted his eyebrows <unk> . by the bridle , drew near to the gate and rang the bell , and immediately a <unk> with white hair and of erect stature	178.32318115234375
, notwithstanding his age , presented himself . room which led to her boudoir , madame de villefort was standing erect , pale , her features contracted , and her eyes glaring horribly . of a cousin , and seat himself every day at a good table ; to smooth the yellow , <unk> brow of the old procurator ; to pluck the clerks a little by teaching them <unk> , <unk> , and _lansquenet_ , in their utmost nicety , and winning from them , by way of fee for the lesson he would give them in an hour , their <unk> of a <unk> this was enormously delightful to porthos . said he , “ perfectly . ” o ’ clock . young man one of	132.10435485839844
those looks which penetrate into the depth of the heart and thoughts . him , sir ; one from love , and the other from ambition , <unk> and danglars . ” the opera . ” said aramis ; “ i will take two poniards and give one to parry . but only relate the fact that he shuddered and stepped back suddenly . count ? ” said madame danglars , signing ; “ if you are , take care , for i shall never forgive you . ” he should first taste the liquor which the tankard contained before taking it to his companions , the door of the cellar opened and a man with a lantern in his hands and enveloped in a cloak , came	105.2734603881836
and stood just before the <unk> , behind which grimaud , on hearing him come in , instantly crept . loves this italian so much as they say she does ? ” that in private the <unk> side descended to the level of the other , so that generally the indulgent man disappeared to give place to the brutal husband and domineering father . me , i will accept it . ” brief council held among them , that julie should write to her brother , who was in garrison at nîmes , to come to them as speedily as possible . to reflect ; for instead of allowing his first impulse , which had been to go straight to lord de winter , to carry him away	181.72059631347656
, he leisurely descended the staircase , left the palace with his head down , mounted his horse , which he <unk> in at the corner of the rue richelieu , and with his eyes fixed on the gate , waited until the queen ’ s carriage had left the court . people are horrified at what you say . ” s all over ! a cupboard , and returned with an old leathern pocket-book and a bag . ? ” said a voice at the end of the gallery . sire . ” she loved , who remained faithful to us in our fallen <unk> <unk> . ” not , for it was in reality a little boy . and government owes nothing to his family .	81.83984375
” said danglars . d ’ artagnan , wringing his hands . _mazzolato_ , the second culprit _decapitato_ . its velvety <unk> ; her hands and arms were of surpassing beauty , all the poets of the time singing them as incomparable . ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , unable in spite of the gravity of the occasion to help laughing . porthos , much affected , “ should we ever see my castle of pierrefonds again you shall have as your own and for your descendants the vineyard that surrounds the farm . ” bit behind yours in that sort of talk . that is necessary , ” said athos ; “ now for my idea . ” a great man , as he was ,	107.59352111816406
but to compensate for that , i shall be a good man , monsieur de rochefort , and i hope to prove it to you . ” during the whole day , to trace her plan of conduct . on the previous night , was the old jacobin , the old senator , the old <unk> , laughing at the guillotine , the cannon , and the <unk> . all ! our brave captain leclere . ” the golden <unk> , if you are still in the ministry . ” were distinctly heard in the corridor and on the stairs . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ do you not recognize his highness the prince ’ s carriage ? ” exclaimed the count . us . ”	56.786033630371094
said the commissary with his inflexible voice , “ of having assassinated the man named caderousse , his former companion in prison , at the moment he was making his escape from the house of the count of monte cristo . ” ? ” has forbidden me so strictly to say so . ” the paper he put spurs to his horse , which leaped in astonishment at such an unusual <unk> , and shot away with the rapidity of an arrow . became paler than the man who had brought the news . , were we beaten ? ” asked porthos . continual <unk> you have met with in all your own love affairs might have taught you better by this time . ” ; —well ,	95.92317199707031
you are right , for if you indulged in such reflections , you would never risk your principal , which is to the speculator what the skin is to civilized man . a quarter of an hour , half an hour , —no change took place . : , the terrible witness to whose charge you dare not plead “ not guilty ” ? to the club in the rue saint-jacques . ” ? ” , and i see nobody ! ” but in <unk> ” chance seemed , as it were , to give him the lie direct . , family affair . ’ s smile . the apartment of aramis . a hand in what you have seen , and if talked about , the evil	147.9192352294922
would only recoil upon us . ” saw the two cavaliers he ran to them with open arms . , be at rest as to that , but to kill you quietly in a <unk> , remote place , where you will not be able to boast of your death to anybody . ” say that from the day i saw raoul i loved him ; nevertheless , believe that i heartily pray that i may not become to him a father , however much i might be proud of such a son . morrel ’ s appointment was . la ramee ? which d ’ artagnan had generously relinquished . movement had been , d ’ artagnan had had time to get a glimpse of the head	96.7526626586914
of an old man . . extending his arms , the spaniard fell back on the crupper , and the terrified horse , turning around , carried him off . athos , “ either peace or war will be decided ; honor , at all events , will be maintained ! ” determined to put an end to all these petty intrigues of policy and love . a prince of the church ! as if his heart would break , and then buried his face in his hands . had been , and still is , completely deserted . the first time at marseilles , twenty-three years ago , the day of your marriage with mademoiselle de saint-méran . , ” said the count to bertuccio . you	93.51400756835938
are very shameless ! ” young man . seen from the top of the donjon madame de montbazon pass in her carriage , and still <unk> an affection for that beautiful woman , he did not wish to be to her what he wished to be to mazarin , and in the hope of seeing her again , had asked for a leaden comb , which was allowed him . the influence of the scene , bend over their balconies , or lean from their windows , and shower down confetti , which are returned by bouquets ; the air seems darkened with the falling confetti and flying flowers . her falling asleep . ” murmured de winter . ” answered mousqueton , puzzled how to get out	145.82740783691406
of the difficulty , “ i must confess that to me beer is as disagreeable as wine is to the english . ” of marseilles , i beg of you , maximilian ; that one word brings back my mother to my <unk> angel mother , who died too soon for myself and all who knew her ; but who , after watching over her child during the brief period <unk> to her in this world , now , i fondly hope , watches from her home in heaven . the valet paid him , he saw that his note had produced a good effect . with his four companions , and followed the trench ; the two guards marched abreast with him , and the two soldiers	156.3595733642578
followed behind . to do for this . ” is being arrested ! ” said albert , interrupting her , “ that i know what you were about to say . ” story ; it was the telegraph room . , yes , ” replied m. de boville , “ but not for the survivor ; on the contrary , this dantès saw a means of <unk> his escape . is seventy if he yet lives ; i only love him and a young girl called mercédès . ! ” cried mordaunt . here on his own account , for i have heard that these gentlemen born beyond the <unk> are very vindictive . these words , as if he wished to apply them to the owner himself	83.55070495605469
, while his eyes seemed to plunge into the heart of one who , <unk> for another , had himself need of indulgence . him , then ? ” , lighted by two candles , the condemned monarch gazed sadly on the luxury of his past greatness , just as at the last hour one sees the images of life more mildly brilliant than of <unk> . to the tapestry and became pale with fury ; for their ears , closely applied to the door , did not lose a syllable of what he said , while their mouths repeated as he went on , the insulting expressions of the captain to all the people in the antechamber . of assassination ? ” said the general , shrugging	144.52818298339844
his shoulders . artagnan , but in the midst of such tumult he little expected to see him , d ’ artagnan not being on service . the door , opened it , looked in the corridor , and then returned and seated herself close to mme . i sorrow for madame danglars ? in attendance on the company . society does he belong ? ” i dare say , in the <unk> , perhaps ? ” he , guessing franz ’ s thought , “ i know this is a serious matter . ” pretty , do you not ? ” <unk> surgeon ! ” said caderousse . there lived a <unk> powerful <unk> reigned over one of the greatest kingdoms of the universe ; and a	89.34928131103516
minister ; and this minister wished much to injure the queen , whom once he had loved too well . of his sword at his throat ; and monsieur porthos , finding himself at the mercy of his adversary , acknowledged himself conquered . speak at once ! ” said mazarin “ what is the matter ? ” to your fancy , ” replied mazarin . i endeavor to recall circumstances . ” and moved impatiently on her chair . in the same way that an honest man does ; a hypocrite does not shed the tears of a man of good faith . sitting up in the armchair , a still more graceful and abandoned position than when she reclined . d ’ artagnan , putting his	113.07299041748047
finger on his lips ; and he related what he had seen , watching athos all the while . , “ you set me thinking . , i listen . ” . , then , to that door ? ” were so kind ? ” be assured . of god that it should be so and this it is which makes it all so awful , ” continued grimaud . it is useless to trouble you about them ; i have them . ” to be despised , in my opinion . ” infamy , ” replied milady . , once more , and this is the last ! the rights of high and low tribunals . last-named class ; and certainly my prospects of military <unk> are	96.50592041015625
most encouraging as well as certain . who am mad , and you prove to me that passion blinds the most <unk> . herself that she is so , but for her son , and what you regard as a vice becomes almost a virtue when looked at in the light of maternal love . ” right , followed the course of a long corridor , descended a flight , went a few steps farther , introduced a key into a lock , opened a door , and pushed the duke into an apartment lighted only by a lamp , saying , “ remain here , my lord duke ; someone will come. ” she then went out by the same door , which she locked , so	163.56834411621094
that the duke found himself literally a prisoner . room , and presently returned , bringing with him a small casket . capital arrangement . , ” he shouted , “ the queen is signing ! ” fault that they are bandits , but that of the authorities . ” , although a gascon , m. de tréville was not in the habit of making promises , and that when by chance he did promise , he more than kept his word . touched the ground when a door opened and the voice of the valet-de-chambre called out : <unk> . , as well as in his most secret thoughts , i find a relation to my own . into the street , saw the man who appeared	109.88457489013672
to be waiting run in the same direction , and place himself against the angle of the wall where caderousse would come over . incoherent details given to me by the abbé busoni and by lord wilmore , by that friend and that enemy , one thing appears certain and clear in my <unk> in no period , in no case , in no circumstance , could there have been any contact between him and me . ” friend , to table . louis ? ” . , ” said monte cristo ; “ i love everyone as god commands us to love our neighbor , as christians ; but i thoroughly hate but a few . i had been forgotten in the general confusion ; i ran	145.2422637939453
toward ali tepelini ; he saw me hold out my arms to him , and he stooped down and pressed my forehead with his lips . olivain had already dismounted and were attempting to raise the struggling horse . although the voice as well as the countenance reminded them of someone they had seen , they could not remember under what circumstances . ” said the visitor ; “ i have heard he had three or four millions . ” grimaud . you not to leave me ? ” made an appointment to meet at eleven o ’ clock at the hotel , and each started out to fulfill his dangerous mission . fine arts , which luigi had carried as far as he could in his solitude	107.1546401977539
, he was given to <unk> fits of sadness and enthusiasm , was often angry and capricious , and always sarcastic . to you about me , tell him that i should have requested you to acquaint him that in a short time he will see whether i am , as he says , too old for action . ” dead man—thrice dead . ” you to say to me ? ” he resumed ; “ let us return to that subject . ” replied porthos . a mean table , and she leaned her head upon her two hands , which were white as ivory . you now to repeat how much affection for you i still cherish . innkeeper and bought from him two hundred trusses	110.26284790039062
at the same price . but let us go . terrace , which was ornamented with flowers . turning his back on the guards of the city , and saluting those of the camp . ” answered d ’ artagnan . athos to go straight to the minister . ” he was in the habit of doing when he did not want to make any reply , and he again turned towards the veiled woman , who soon disappeared at the corner of the street . the world , my lord ! ” cried raoul , feeling an unknown enthusiasm for that young general , who seemed to him so worthy of his renown . de villefort ’ s , and lawyers always give you very bad dinners	60.251930236816406
. the abbé , extending his hand over the wounded man , as if to command him to believe ; “ this is what the god in whom , on your death-bed , you refuse to believe , has done for you—he gave you health , strength , regular employment , even <unk> life , in fact , which a man might enjoy with a calm conscience . i will go . ” ! _ joannes , the jeweller . ’ be obliged to go to the <unk> besides ” ( albert looked at his tablets ) , “ it is the hour i told the count , 21st may , at half past ten ; and though i do not much rely upon his promise , i	104.24046325683594
wish to be punctual . of our child , let me live ! ” buckingham chapter xiii . watched , so she continued her prayers to the end ; and it appeared to her that the soldier who was on duty at her door did not march with the same step , and seemed to listen . ; he came from marseilles , where he had been deputy procureur . to affirm upon oath that i have not . and shrank from the vehemence of her grief . . leisure moments the worthy man was a <unk> ? ” easy , and a noble to his fingers ’ ends . threw it to the foot of the wall . head bowed beneath the weight of grief , and	109.51459503173828
, shaking his damp , dishevelled hair , he who had never felt compassion for anyone determined to seek his father , that he might have someone to whom he could relate his misfortunes , <unk> by whose side he might weep . away from the enthusiastic thanks of caderousse , opened the door himself , got out and mounted his horse , once more saluted the innkeeper , who kept uttering his loud farewells , and then returned by the road he had travelled in coming . embroidered on it in gold , and will give it to your company as a standard . ” diamonds ; i have had some . ” have been told , and like my <unk> i can do no more .	129.86904907226562
uttered the words for which you blame me ; that is why i have filled this whole assembly with horror . ’ artagnan checked himself . albert . had seduced the son of the jailer , and escaped . t know what prevents me from exterminating you all . ” his friends . ” , but she may be french . said , “ we must leave this craft at once or we are dead men . ” with his fugitive forces , passed near the group formed by athos , raoul and aramis . drink , ” said athos , anxious to make it up by <unk> with d ’ artagnan , “ let us drink and get away from this hateful country . spanish companion ,	82.77738189697266
donna estafania , who had followed her from madrid . said he to her , ‘ cocles has just given me the last rouleau of a hundred francs ; that <unk> the 250,000 francs we had fixed as the limits of our gains . the chair , covered his face with both hands , as if to prevent the light from reaching him . be quite retired ? andrea , “ you are a man void of compassion ; i ’ ll have you turned out . ” a family affair before all the world . the accused appeared . man risking his life for such matters . is he gone ? ” inquired d ’ artagnan . , and entered the chamber , where he appeared to	98.76350402832031
be expected . ? ” ” madame ? , under her skillful hands , all the undulations she thought might assist the charms of her face . be confessed in his justification that the first use he made of his influence over kitty was to try and find out what had become of mme . the vicomte . a sentinel and there was also a guard placed in the courtyard , ready to obey the orders of the prince de conti ’ s lieutenant . the same , ” said athos , who was an <unk> when things were concerned , and a <unk> when men were in question . surveillance do you employ ? ” of malady which we call <unk> , ” said the doctor .	111.6243667602539
minute ! ” cried he , “ too late by a minute ! not queen , ” murmured anne of austria , overcome , in spite of herself , by the expression of so profound a passion . carefully on every side , saw the young peasants , and galloping up , began to question them . ; i shall remain and look over the accounts with danglars . his eyes and looked in astonishment at these strangers , who appeared to pity him . . ” chapter <unk> . better find him out first , since he can ’ t want money . do you recognize me ? ” artagnan felt lonely and powerless , without courage to pursue a career in which he could only distinguish	106.34788513183594
himself on condition that each of his three companions should endow him with one of the gifts each had received from heaven . that name to me ? ” said athos , “ i have made a resolution never to draw my sword save when it is absolutely necessary . ” sir , ” said franz . ” said milady , in that harmonious voice which , like that of the ancient <unk> , charmed all whom she wished to destroy . be a great pity , ” said villefort . it require to make two studs exactly like them ? low , and two sailors wounded ; dantès was one of the latter , a ball having touched him in the left shoulder . to acquire the	96.29621887207031
habit of expecting to be recompensed for every trifling service he may render . less important affairs , and the three musketeers repaired to the king ’ s quarters , where they had to prepare their lodging . that dantès was on board a smuggler . was danced , the evening had scarcely begun . the king , “ do you believe in the fidelity of yours ? ” so ! myself ! ? ” asked athos , quietly . the abbé , springing from his seat . said the swiss , “ if she is as great a lady as her writing is large , you are a lucky fellow , <unk> ! ” , and did not leave the door open ; but the partition was	95.08647155761719
so thin that one could hear nearly all that passed between the two women . priests . and wait . ” magnificent jewel ! ” cried the astonished woman . of his three friends , d ’ artagnan found them assembled in the same chamber . set free the cardinal would be dead ; and indeed , so convinced is he of this , that he entreated me , should i find your majesty disposed to act in this way , to do all i could to induce you to change your resolution . ” in the crowd before loud cries announced the king ’ s arrival . a low voice : “ i <unk> wish you to spare me the walk back to paris . ” places	106.82400512695312
by the <unk> . guitant , we poor ministers often want men with other qualities besides courage ; we want men of talent . of his mind , so used to misfortune , that it was scarcely capable of <unk> idea that the noise was made by workmen the governor had ordered to repair the neighboring dungeon . ” said albert , “ you seem to be on excellent terms with the beautiful countess . ” by drawing forth a little note , written in these terms : his feet , asked his pardon and held him back with a sweet violence . ! ” said she ; “ i have been here six months without the shadow of recreation . bad terms with him , on account	144.8614959716797
of the quarrels between madame de montbazon , my mother-in-law , and madame de longueville . ascertained that the piece of ground on which i stand was to let , i made application for it , was readily accepted by the proprietor , and am now master of this fine crop of lucern . once into the sea , making but a single sound , giving but a single stroke , and the boat seemed to fly over the surface of the water . should receive it before eleven o ’ clock . escape the history and explanation which would be sure to confirm his belief in his friend ’ s mental <unk> , glided like a snake along the narrow passage ; while faria , restored by	152.35671997070312
his alarm to a certain amount of activity , pushed the stone into place with his foot , and covered it with a <unk> in order the more effectually to avoid discovery . each other ; the impression was the same on both of them , and the tone in which morcerf had just expressed his thanks was so determined that the position would have become embarrassing for all if the conversation had continued . tried for it . ” liberty , and—i give it you . ” strangle him ? ” , my dear sir , ’ said the jeweller ; ‘ i had , however , as you see , brought you the money in bright <unk> ’ and he drew from his pocket a handful	113.02350616455078
of gold , and held it sparkling before the dazzled eyes of the innkeeper , and in the other hand he held a packet of bank-notes . that , and i have told him a hundred times that he was wrong . be at the head of the army on mazarin ’ s side . ” a bell , announcing a visitor , will but accelerate the resolution of one in maximilian ’ s situation , and then the bell would be followed by a louder noise . ” fere ! ” she cried . was still at the castle . valentine doing ? ” inquired madame de villefort of edward ; “ tell someone to bid her come here , that i may have the honor of	79.72383880615234
introducing her to the count . ” whether from devotedness or from want of power to act against it , this maxim , without being generally adopted , nevertheless passed from theory into practice ; but the notes did it injury . into the house , heard a sigh that was almost a deep sob ; he looked in the direction whence it came , and there under an arbor of <unk> <unk> with its thick foliage and beautiful long purple flowers , he saw mercédès seated , with her head bowed , and weeping bitterly . you like , i have no preference . ” expression in his eyes , for the jailer said , “ come , are you going mad again ? ” his commission	188.9876251220703
. discovered . ” replied the traveller , who seemed used to this difference between the <unk> of a man of the cities and the pride of the <unk> , ‘ if you refuse wages , you will , perhaps , accept a gift . ’ marked as such and sent to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation at the address specified in section 4 , “ information about donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation . ” ’ s bed , while edmond himself remained standing . ” cried the king , astounded . before the d ’ estrées ’ s pavilion and not in another street . under a blue sky , at great distance from the coast . you nothing , then ? ”	131.68133544921875
do , madame ? ” such a brave soldier , whose career was so <unk> ” , with blood ! said the unknown , “ farewell kindness , humanity , and gratitude ! valentine with a convulsive movement , “ oh , indeed , maximilian , you are too timid for an officer , for a soldier who , they say , never knows fear . questions about this prolonged melancholy . said milady , with the utmost ingenuousness . seeing that morrel , still on his knees , had thrown himself into an armchair , he added in a low voice , pressing emmanuel ’ s hand significantly , “ watch over him . ” dear chevalier , you are a miracle of memory . , and	84.93120574951172
i won ’ t have him <unk> . ” me to say ; but we are now about to mix in <unk> visit and be visited . ” her lover would meet her a second night ; and poor kitty , pale and trembling , awaited d ’ artagnan ’ s reply . home . minister of war . another with low murmurs , and a storm gathered over the head of the aristocratic prisoner , raised less by his own words than by the manner of the keeper . it will be time to act . ” monsieur , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ the clock shows it . ” my fault ; yes , it ’ s all my fault , because it is	68.7921142578125
myself who <unk> my men . such bottles ; they are no <unk> than cologne flasks . , ” replied the valet ; “ you had forbidden me to disturb you , but the count of morcerf has called me . ” little recovered from his first surprise , had now leisure to study costumes and physiognomy . monte cristo , “ i recognized him . ” , i see . ” his predecessor a hundred pistoles for his . ” regiment , or at least very nearly <unk> will not split <unk> about <unk> him place himself at the head of his men , we will place ourselves at the side of your majesty , and we will mow a <unk> through cromwell ’ s army and	86.92141723632812
reach scotland . ” have done so without your knowledge , danglars , since you are the ship ’ s supercargo ? ” the cardinal , seizing hold of anne and drawing her back , “ madame , what are you about ? ” the thing would take place at the present sitting , and in that same locality ; but the procurator would listen to nothing , he would be taken to his room , and was not satisfied till he was close to his chest , upon the edge of which , for still greater precaution , he placed his feet . as high birth as the emperor and who inherits one estate which gives him the title of comte , what is he to do	125.21184539794922
with all those <unk> comte de la fere , comte de bragelonne ? ” ” cried porthos ; “ i am not by any means resigned . ” —a vagabond , a corsican . ” valets ? ” had passed , as one might fancy . love <unk> love as a man who would give his <unk> to spare her a <unk> love valentine de villefort , who is being murdered at this moment ! be called amiability , it is her duty ; a slave does not dictate to a master . ” to my lord duke ? ” asked patrick . , because i had spoken much of you to him , as you may believe ; and in the second , because he delighted to	83.216796875
see a <unk> take so lively an interest in his success . ” , for every spot they passed showed that they were on the road back . ? ” settling down in the cathedral , a carriage , bearing the arms of comminges , quitted the line of the court carriages and proceeded slowly to the end of the rue saint christophe , now entirely deserted . ” said morrel with a sigh , “ we will not discuss the matter further . monsieur porthos ; but i will repair that wrong , upon my word of honor . ” but instead of breaking it , he might have used it to still more advantage . ” again , dear friend ! ” he cried , in	92.58028411865234
a voice which was now changed from a baritone into a bass , “ you ’ ve not then forgotten me ? ” , ” replied the man , raising his hand to his cap ; “ i am not up there , i know , but i have only just come down . ” s just the man we want , ” said athos . ” replied dantès . you are about to destroy yourself , ” continued the count , “ and here is proof of what i say ; ” and , approaching the desk , he removed the sheet of paper which morrel had placed over the letter he had begun , and took the latter in his hands . , ” said mordaunt	54.6556396484375
. , the king ’ s attorney . ” talk , maximilian ! ” of money in return for his civility , dantès proceeded onwards ; but ere he had gone many steps he heard the man loudly calling him to stop . recognized , and porthos who was boring a hole through the wall . so with me , —i see , and always have seen , during the last sixteen years . brought into play profitably the recollections of the regiment of piedmont . . send him to speak at the luxembourg , to laugh at my ease . ” long without ruining both . . alone . to the oratory , where he sat down pensively . through the trees , and lighted up the	126.1914291381836
face of the dead . such a hurry to do that , ” said valentine , with a sad smile . he . came from france with him . ” . condition he will promise anything , and take his chance of keeping it afterwards . ” , and had sixteen <unk> . when it <unk> ? so beautiful , fair as the brightest vision , to see her by turns overcome with grief and threatening ; to resist at once the ascendancy of grief and <unk> was too much for a visionary ; it was too much for a brain weakened by the ardent dreams of an ecstatic faith ; it was too much for a heart furrowed by the love of heaven that burns , by	128.93276977539062
the hatred of men that devours . , is astonished at the sight of such unusual splendor , and the police have made inquiries . ” charge of the money , i of the <unk> ; so that if one of us had the misfortune to lose her treasure , the other would still have hers left . each of us twenty years older ; it is that the honest emotions of youth have given place to <unk> of interest , whispers of ambition , counsels of selfishness . 44 . was calm and more interesting than ever , he left the hall , escorted by gendarmes , who involuntarily paid him some attention . room showed that it was the habitation of an abbé . superior ,	174.99330139160156
felton obeyed ; but in going out , he put the knife into his bosom . franz , “ was luigi vampa in the carriage with the roman peasants ? ” said milady , lowering her voice , “ is my brother . ” now standing on his brow , while the garments that hung about him were so ragged that one could only guess at the pattern upon which they had originally been <unk> . , ” said barrois ; “ and that is what i told the gentleman as we walked along . ” devotion , that of his love was to come . lord . ” , then you make me break your plate ; if all the prisoners followed your example , the government	96.51084899902344
would be ruined . my <unk> , but it is in vain . mme . i can not make three copies of that letter , because it is sealed . yes , but in <unk> ” had no letter of credit , as he lived at florence , and had only come to rome to pass seven or eight days ; he had brought but a hundred louis , and of these he had not more than fifty left . whatever may happen , ” said d ’ artagnan , placing his hand upon his breast and bowing , “ an eternal gratitude toward your eminence for that which you now do for me . ” his face ; he was resolved to unravel the mystery . you	75.06004333496094
. ” a copy this evening , which i shall know by heart tomorrow . ” the cardinal ; “ i will even ask the count to keep it for my sake . ” had just paid you 45,000 francs for the diamond i had given you , and you killed him to get the diamond and the money both , was that also poverty ? ” ? ” inquired the young man , perceiving that valentine hesitated . know what you mean , ” replied felton , quietly , “ and i am ignorant of whom you are speaking , my lord . think that anything could be done with these bourgeois ? ” the glass , as we have said , restored the undulations to his	61.518653869628906
beautiful hair , which the weight of his hat had disordered , twisted his mustache , and , his heart swelling with joy , happy and proud at being near the moment he had so long sighed for , he smiled upon himself with pride and hope . friends , or are you too proud to speak to them ? ” <unk> <unk> ; the door was opened , and the young men , eagerly alighting , found themselves opposite a _cicerone_ , who appeared to have sprung up from the ground , so unexpected was his appearance . pretense be admitted into france as an ambassador ; he wished to enter it as a conqueror . over in his brain for the twentieth time , when the	132.95184326171875
door opened and eugénie appeared , attired in a figured black satin dress , her hair dressed and gloves on , as if she were going to the italian opera . noise . god is god , and the world is the devil . expecting the postilion to come and demand payment with the termination of his stage . your affairs excepting for your good ; treat me in the same way . must be now at the siege of la rochelle ? ” bertuccio , shaking his head , “ are only related under the seal of confession . ” replied athos , uncovering his breast , “ if your honor requires my death . ” the cardinal , “ your commands to the most respectful of	109.89327239990234
your servants . ” , which now , without any support , leaned towards the sea . had not touched the <unk> ground , was of irreproachable odor . then , since he will have it so . the crawfish out also , when grimaud snatched it from his hands . continued villefort . that i may not lose a drop of the fat of this estimable bird . ” them what were their intentions , the master replied that he had forty charges to fire , and that he and his lackey would fire to the last one before he would allow a single soul of us to set foot in the cellar . a hidden handle and opened a door so well concealed by the tapestry	145.71820068359375
that the most practiced eye could not have discovered it . , what is to be done ? ” said the young man . man was not aware of the <unk> of his words , while milady was reading with her lynx ’ s eyes the very depths of his heart . will not thus give way to evil thoughts . riches chimerical ? <unk> of the brain of the poor abbé faria , had they not died with him ? by that pride of conscious innocence which is the <unk> to hope ; then he began to doubt his own innocence , which justified in some measure the governor ’ s belief in his mental <unk> ; and then , <unk> his sentiment of pride , he	111.48138427734375
addressed his <unk> , not to god , but to man . know in what way m. d ’ épinay can have displeased your father more than any other person ? ” friendship ? same , with a little more concern , however , for the noble creatures , whose merits he fully appreciated ; but he had the satisfaction of seeing three or four grooms run from the kitchens and the stables , and busy themselves with the steeds . , the two friends found , about two hundred paces further , the tavern indicated . you , my lord ! ” said he . can you deny all this ? ” of that strange adventure , ” interrupted madame de chevreuse . ’ s request ,	102.15312957763672
was following her father when he quitted the room , but he said to her quickly : we are sufficiently well-bred to excuse you , and to listen to your history , fabulous as it promises to be . ” in his arms , and laid him on the bed . the headsman of bethune . ” permission to retire . signed by the cardinal ? ” said the governor . this , <unk> of this , ” he cried ; “ let me save the <unk> ” on entering his house , he met morrel , who wandered about like a ghost awaiting the heavenly mandate for return to the tomb . d ’ artagnan , letting his arm fall with <unk> , “ it is useless	90.77403259277344
to struggle longer . he renewed his vow to make her happy . . ” mortification to him to have visited most of the principal cities in italy without having excited the most trifling observation . ” said the count , “ we know so little of each other . ” six years only . ” —he will gain himself a reputation . ” very interesting , ” said debray ; “ if there really has been a crime , we will investigate it . ” as i have told you , d ’ artagnan is first amongst us all , ” said athos . i had said all , he advanced toward me ; i sprang toward the table , i seized a knife , i placed	91.4750747680664
it to my breast . let us talk about it , since you desire it , ” replied aramis , patiently . , and my stomach feels as if it were struggling to get accustomed to <unk> ” noirtier did not lose a word of what valentine said . in the <unk> ? ” . night in lonely conference with the prince , who had entered the oratory at midnight and did not leave till five o ’ clock in the morning . you can , florentin . of reflection do you ask ? ” word with him , and i neither ate nor drank . ” said the boy , “ do you think i can gain any more <unk> in any way ? ” . month	73.03350830078125
. ” stumbled against a <unk> and then placed its foot on the sand . d ’ artagnan . , then , that arrogate to yourself this <unk> right over free and rational beings ? ” king might escape . ” monsieur that it is possible to know beforehand all that he has not known . ” said caderousse . happily i have , ” replied valentine . monte cristo ; “ he does not wish you to know that it comes from him . ” you have one of the first fortunes in france . exclaimed the man in the cloak , suddenly expressing himself in french . encircled in a round of general conditions , and have never dared to raise your wings into those upper	79.24556732177734
spheres which god has <unk> with invisible or <unk> beings . ” these words , though evidently irritated and annoyed by the interruption , but , addressing the abbé , said , “ can a man be faithful to another whose wife he <unk> and desires for himself ? m. d ’ avrigny ; “ we will return . ” , cold , and rigid as a corpse , then , and not before , <unk> careful about this , <unk> open my teeth with the knife , pour from eight to ten drops of the liquor contained in the phial down my throat , and i may perhaps revive . ” , ” said maximilian , “ or i shall think you did not love me for	130.8739471435547
my own sake , but for yours ; ” and he arose . of the question here ; d ’ artagnan had fallen into an ambush . two of whom have left paris , to go i know not where . . ” , but sitting down at the table made a sign that la ramee should seat himself opposite . to meet any persons who may be with madame , or do you desire to preserve a strict _incognito_ ? ” passed through his shoulder , and mousqueton another ball which lodged in the fleshy part which <unk> the lower portion of the loins . man that the guards , on seeing him depart , <unk> among themselves . respect , and i would have married her	124.72869110107422
. ” . ” tréville being paid , the pensive d ’ artagnan took the longest way <unk> . of seeing me after we have made all our arrangements ? ” was engrossed by the clock in her room , which marked the seconds . that the gascons made a king of me , myself , seeing that i am my father ’ s son , is it not , tréville ? hurry ? ” said the musketeer , as pale as a sheet . . ” evidence that could at all have <unk> me . ” , but aramis was furious ; the sight of such royal misery exasperated him and his eyes examined every new trace of poverty that presented itself . , ” said maximilian	98.91116333007812
. replied the brigadier ; ‘ and as his head is valued at a thousand roman crowns , there would have been five hundred for you , if you had helped us to catch him. ’ the two young persons exchanged looks . the man , “ but at what a price ! ” hand , on which he has a large wound ; if you forgot his features , you would know him by that hand , into which fell , one by one , the gold pieces of the merchant el-kobbir ! ” i know him ! to monsieur the chevalier de <unk> . ” , ” replied bertuccio . ’ t return ? ” ’ s musketeers ? ” said the voice ; “ you	75.69539642333984
are monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ” there are traitors here ; but by the holy name of the virgin , i swear that no one is more devoted to your majesty than i am . ? ” hold me in greater esteem than the money itself , seeing that i sacrifice everything in order to keep my word with him . again ; ” and he read the paragraph for the third time , laying a <unk> on each word as he proceeded . porthos . will be mute , gentle and timid as lambs . ” of vasiliki and haydée . our papers were quickly written out , and certainly do not come very <unk> ” this joke elicited a fresh burst of applause . ”	127.1063461303711
exclaimed raoul , alarmed . chance of saving your majesty has just been proposed by monsieur d ’ herblay . in that quarter . ” to say ; but at all events , we have seen , by the anterior <unk> of this story , that buckingham had the advantage over him , and in two or three circumstances , particularly that of the diamond studs , had , thanks to the devotedness of the three musketeers and the courage and conduct of d ’ artagnan , cruelly mystified him . will deny it . ” redistributing project gutenberg™ electronic works same courier to our worthy friend aramis in his convent . ” you ? ” you from letting me know the second reason ? ” . ”	92.68607330322266
memory is equally short in everything , vampa , ” said the count , “ and that not only do you forget people ’ s faces , but also the conditions you make with them . ” blind not to have seen . ” sure i have the right man . ” ” of the guards have been in the trenches tonight , and that you did not get much the best of the rochellais . ” see his mistress , and announce the joyful intelligence . strange <unk> ” she checked herself . are well known in the rue meslay . ” , then . ” time of <unk> and <unk> <unk> . from penelon ’ s recital , of the captain ’ s brave conduct during	90.92595672607422
the storm , and tried to console him . prepared , ” he said , smiling , “ you will not , my friend , be sorry to have the mystery which so puzzles you cleared up . ” ” asked the italian . ” cried he at length . ” continued milady , “ i should long ago have revenged myself on him if , and i don ’ t know why , the cardinal had not requested me to conciliate him . ” a long time in the boat after the fearful scene described . ? ” into the drawing-room , my young friend , where you will find your father awaiting you . ” , what crime have i committed ? ” replied teresa with	63.25437927246094
astonishment ; ‘ but i was mad to utter such a wish . ’ at ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . a moment in silence , then , with that profound melancholy shakespeare describes so well : for you outside ? ” the beautiful vasiliki . ” agreed to and mousqueton played the role of barber . my poor sister had refused to comply with the unreasonable demands of benedetto , who was continually <unk> her for money , as long as he believed there was a sou left in her possession . me here with a cabriolet till half-past eleven ; it is twelve , and , tired of waiting , he must have gone on . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “	111.31056213378906
than the honor , perhaps the life of the queen . ” his feet . albert ? expect to see you before tomorrow . ” to spare his <unk> the pain of this interview , questioned the new-comer ; but the stranger declared that he had nothing to say to m. emmanuel , and that his business was with m. morrel in person . , where something befell you . cause of honor . ” destruction , and it is from her we inherit all our miseries . ” confess , these are scruples . ” pistoles , ” he said ; “ and if the action goes off well you may reckon upon a similar sum to-morrow . ” do is , to keep our own counsel	106.95172882080078
, and remain perfectly quiet , not breathing a word to any living soul ; and you will see that the storm will pass away without in the least affecting us . ” nothing more to say . to me , assuredly . hinges , and d ’ artagnan , seeing the way clear , <unk> his horses , who started at a canter , and five minutes later they had rejoined the cardinal . to-day what formerly the gentleman you do not know did for the queen ? ” said the child , with that jeering smile which marks especially the “ <unk> de paris. ” “ well , we must wait . ” house of my noble protector , but i do it from choice .	132.78033447265625
, turning to porthos , “ i should not regret dying , sir , were i sure that by doing so i might still be useful to you . ” him , the talented repelled him , and the honorable instinctively despised him . the servants , “ it is even probable that we have not been seen ; the shots were fired about a hundred paces in advance of us , in the thickest part of the wood , and we returned to ask your advice . ” young woman and a child of about seven or eight clasped in each other ’ s arms . ” exclaimed athos . , my dear , my glass is there on the <unk> it to me , valentine. ”	92.09041595458984
valentine poured the orangeade into a glass and gave it to her grandmother with a certain degree of dread , for it was the same glass she fancied that had been touched by the spectre . other , my lord , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ and let us make things clear beforehand in order that there may be no mistake . ’ s attorney ? trot and took the road to the louvre , which they entered . courtyard , where , close to a portico formed of <unk> columns , were the dog <unk> , rose an oblong building , the pavilion of the orangery , a half circle , <unk> the court of honor . of the guardhouse was opened and one of	91.87712097167969
the soldiers was summoned away . entered the chamber , and demanded what was to be done . . twenty yards , danglars looked back and saw fernand stoop , pick up the crumpled paper , and putting it into his pocket then rush out of the arbor towards <unk> . , athos ? ” indeed a true royal jewel , which is worth a thousand pistoles if it is worth a denier . , to come here , and to run ! valuable diamond , but it is an enchanted talisman . ” peace or war ! to escape , the penalty of death is to be applied . volume chapters ten years later 1258 1660–1661 3 <unk> , then ? ” he asked . , ”	177.75489807128906
said felton , throwing himself between the duke and the bell placed on a stand encrusted with silver . if you obtain the reprieve ? ” of mysteries , ” murmured d ’ artagnan to himself . his hands in great satisfaction . so ! ” said she . in a hired cabriolet at m. d ’ avrigny ’ s door . was talked of in paris but the ball which the aldermen of the city were to give to the king and queen , and in which their majesties were to dance the famous la <unk> favorite ballet of the king . ! ” said kitty , “ you know how to represent things in such a way that you are always in the right . ”	90.68689727783203
asked grimaud . then to my adversary , who had likewise remarked it . dreadful thing , that i don ’ t dare to tell you . ” <unk> day , if you do so , they will <unk> you to destruction , head and crown , too , and then you will not be able to die with a calm conscience , as i die . and have i not been richly paid for that obedience ? match ? ” , how you have hurt me ! in the deepest despair at the blow which deprived her of edmond . day on which valentine had learned of the flight of eugénie and the arrest of benedetto , <unk> having retired as well as noirtier and d ’	93.94413757324219
avrigny , —her thoughts wandered in a confused maze , alternately reviewing her own situation and the events she had just heard . did you not refuse to go to brussels for the queen , whilst you had consented to go there to do some service for the late cardinal ? ” the count , “ what are you doing ? ” albert entered <unk> . ” cried olivain , reappearing at this accusation . athos , “ we were always dry . ” believe sup , but to eat nothing . assert it , as he has been lost for so long a time . ” she wanted . execution , this worthy porthos . ” said albert , coldly ; “ there are circumstances in which	109.24697875976562
one can not , except through cowardice , —i offer you that refuge , <unk> to admit certain persons at least . ” those women , <unk> , turkish , or greek , whom here you call ‘ good women , ’ who do not know how , by means of chemistry , to <unk> a doctor , and in <unk> to <unk> a confessor . ” you—i , who have never loved anyone but my <unk> who have met with nothing but traitors and impious men . understand me ! anyone , madame . ” your house , m. de villefort . ” enemy ’ s army . ” hotel , franz found albert in his dressing-gown and slippers , listlessly extended on a sofa , smoking	151.58799743652344
a cigar . that they required all their strength to support the blow that <unk> . and they have made him a baron , and now he is the baron danglars , with a fine residence in the rue du <unk> , with ten horses in his stables , six footmen in his antechamber , and i know not how many millions in his strongbox . ” in a tone of deep interest : nocturnal ride , during the whole time that he was endeavoring to understand the various characters of comminges , guitant and villequier , mazarin was , in truth , studying more especially one man . the forest , without knowing what had become of rita ’ s father . men , one after the	120.20072937011719
other , the one <unk> by liquor , the other overwhelmed with love . man on one side and had succeeded in speaking to him , when grimaud entered and seeing what was going on approached the duke respectfully , but took the guard by the arm . , that is , in ... of the floor on which dantès was resting his two hands , as he knelt with his head in the opening , suddenly gave way ; he drew back <unk> , while a mass of stones and earth disappeared in a hole that opened beneath the aperture he himself had formed . . d ’ artagnan . ” replied the servant . wishes to believe . , to be of good extraction . three	113.36554718017578
gentlemen . you , it was your purveyor , ” said d ’ artagnan . ” cried the four companions , with one voice , “ we would allow ourselves to be cut to pieces in your majesty ’ s service . ” , ” replied mazarin , “ the third bed is intended for your highness . ” the <unk> , which he had found time to <unk> from the antechamber and button over his ball costume , and going to chapelle-en-serval he knocked loudly at the door of the only inn in the place . the tavern of the golden <unk> , give the password to the landlord , and you will find , as you have here , a horse ready saddled . ” of	62.217227935791016
a sensitive nature . singing of the angel who consoled the three hebrews in the <unk> . ’ s notice , and he observed a little note , passed with the facility that indicates frequent practice , from the hand of madame danglars to that of the minister ’ s secretary . said villefort , “ arose my affection for your father , my dear m. franz . ” reflected on the matter , ” said franz , “ i thank you for your courtesy , but i shall content myself with accepting a place in your carriage and at your window at the rospoli palace , and i leave you at liberty to dispose of my place at the piazza del popolo . ” nod that these	101.78199768066406
commands should be obeyed to the letter , and d ’ artagnan went out , followed by bernouin . accident . . ” you on this occasion , monsieur . ” a bordeaux vessel , _la gironde_ ; she comes from india also ; but she is not mine . ” the head of their squadrons ; aramis with sword and pistol in his hands , athos with his sword in his scabbard , his pistol in his saddle-bags ; calm and cool as if on the parade , except that his noble and beautiful countenance became sad as he saw <unk> so many men who were sacrificed on the one side to the obstinacy of royalty and on the other to the personal rancor of the princes	130.2195281982422
. begin my story , your excellency ? ” asked bertuccio . milady , timid as women are in general , would have interposed in this commencement of mutual <unk> in order to prevent the quarrel from going too far ; but on the contrary , she threw herself back in her carriage , and called out coolly to the coachman , “ go <unk> ! ” _memoirs_ of mme . turned out of doors , with sundry blows of a good stick to accelerate his motions . ” the apartments , many of which were fitted up in the eastern style , with cushions and divans instead of beds , and pipes instead of furniture . shall be with the comte de la fere , and to-morrow	124.66024780273438
your majesty shall have a definite reply . ” , ” said de blacas , biting his nails with impatience . , say no more about it and let us prepare to submit to destiny . ” it appeared to d ’ artagnan that he had embraced a statue . to monsieur for the crown he has given me , and i promise him to follow his instructions exactly ; but it is not the less true that letters which come in this way into <unk> <unk> ” , ” said albert ; “ here begins the trial . these matters ( forgive me if i begin by speaking of myself , but i must claim that importance which has been given to me , not assumed by	101.82369995117188
me ) he who has arranged matters for the return of the cardinal , ought , it appears to me , in order that his reward may not be unworthy of your majesty , to be made commandant of the <unk> appointment something like that of captain of the musketeers . ” ascending the steps which led to her room . _me_ as little pleasure to revive it as it does you . for mercy ’ s sake , don ’ t fly from me . is it not ? ” said d ’ artagnan . cardinal , gentlemen , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ for myself , i will <unk> . ” ; mademoiselle de scudery was going . , which was near him ,	69.13572692871094
and hoped that with wine , bread , and cheese , he might make a dinner ; but wine was wanting , the bottle was empty . . ” <unk> _are_ committed here , ” said morrel , whose voice , though lower in tone , lost none of its terrible distinctness : “ i tell you that this is the fourth victim within the last four months . ” said the swiss ; “ goose <unk> is <unk> with <unk> . ” where is my sister ? ” asked the prince . he examined the arms on the panels and the livery of the coachman on his box . then , ” said athos . , and came up as soon as i could . ” to	79.85163116455078
the authorities at paris , and a week after he was carried off . ” uncommon in italy , if we may credit travellers , the <unk> did not manifest the least incredulity , but congratulated albert on his success . you like ! ” ” said she , closing the window with an expression of countenance full of affection and melancholy . send her to you . ” that monsieur de rochefort is—— ” difficulty in moving that tub , but by some <unk> contrivance it had turned with the <unk> on which it rested . poor dear man ! time , then , that you ever went to that house ? ” in a convent ; and as soon as the siege of la rochelle is	103.6460952758789
terminated , i promise you on my <unk> ” mistrust , and took out two pistoles to pay the bill . and are beloved ; you , who have faith and hope , —oh , do not follow my example . be angry , i beg of you , that would be useless ; you know what is agreed upon between you , athos and me . porthos ; “ but i do not know if it is feeling or the wind that makes me weep ; i think it is the wind . ” ” request to make for yourself , mercédès ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan . too much ! ” exclaimed the old lady sharply , “ let us hear none of the	61.83518981933594
conventional objections that deter weak minds from preparing for the future . had hanged her ; but then athos would tell that she was branded . . ” place i gave you fifty . ” , ’ cried carlini , rising in his turn , and approaching the corpse , his hand on the butt of one of his pistols , ‘ does anyone dispute the possession of this woman with me ? ’ of the room before they were made aware of the cause of this noise . reasons , ” replied athos . simple and elegant drawing-room , and the count rose to meet him with a smiling air . ” to be in possession of these secrets without the hope of seeing the victims and	98.61239624023438
society generally revenged . ” with a pleasant face opened a door , continued to exchange some words with a person in the next chamber and then came up to the prisoner . the seal of which i am not to break till i reach london ; but since you tell me to whom it is addressed , ’ tis useless to wait till then . ” worse affair for mazarin , whom he execrated for the greater <unk> he had committed . vallon de bracieux de pierrefonds . the direction pointed to by athos , and perceived aramis . misfortunes . ” dreams are ; i therefore purchased immediately as many shares as i could of the haitian debt , and i gained 400,000 francs by it	175.16043090820312
, of which 100,000 have been honestly paid to you . that letter inspire you ? ” so much , and so well , that the poor girl , who asked nothing better than to believe him , did believe him . jug had fallen from his hands while he was drinking , and the jailer went <unk> to fetch another , without giving himself the trouble to remove the fragments of the broken one . i do not find you the same person at all . ” would see monsieur de la fere at his . ” . leave us ? ” cried renée , unable to hide her emotion at this unexpected announcement . cristo . ” no ; you appear to be an honest young	81.5087661743164
man , and i will have confidence in you . these industrious worthies do not pay to their feudal lord some <unk> for his protection ? ” the paralytic . fact , heard a great noise on the side next the cellar . , ” said the <unk> “ i may call you so since we have really been friends for the last eleven <unk> discovery of this secret has been occasioned by a great event which you must never know . , the cardinal will send someone to take you away . ” to strike . i assure you , ” muttered raoul , “ it is not . ” ” ” said porthos , wiping his forehead . will keep us here till daybreak . ”	82.6102294921875
right . ” ” said the old man . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ and if there had not been a postscript , probably i should not have understood it ; but happily there is a postscript . ” <unk> , and her first husband was colonel the marquis of nargonne . ” no nonsense ! ” said he . to kill me , and i pardoned her ; but she murdered the woman i loved . refuse , my son ? ” inquired the old man . the well-known noise of the door , which opened and shut ; i heard , notwithstanding the thickness of the carpet , a step which made the floor creak ; i saw , notwithstanding the darkness ,	55.89690399169922
a shadow which approached my bed . ” days since . ” do , and with infinite pleasure , ” answered albert ; “ and so much the more readily as a letter received this morning from my father summons me to paris , in consequence of a treaty of marriage ( my dear franz , do not smile , i beg of you ) with a family of high standing , and connected with the very <unk> of parisian society . ” with villars-cotterets , having gone thither with the court on several occasions ; for at that time villars-cotterets was a royal residence . ” to negotiate for my cardinal ’ s hat in my own fashion . ” to that poison , you have endeavored	113.31819915771484
to <unk> the effect of a similar poison ? ” noirtier ’ s joy continued . at three , and the clock of st. jean had struck three quarters past two . valuable jewels in the hands of a poor sailor like himself might excite suspicion ; but the cunning purchaser asked no troublesome questions concerning a bargain by which he gained a round profit of at least eighty per cent . united states , check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading , copying , displaying , performing , distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other project gutenberg™ work . ! ? ” said he , after this embarrassing silence . the matter was	292.4806823730469
that d ’ artagnan loved milady like a madman , and that she did not love him at all . said , “ i think that we are decidedly wrong to depart thus , without leaving a line for porthos and d ’ artagnan . ” letter in the lining of my coat , ” said planchet ; “ and if i am taken i will swallow it . ” so , but that requires money , and i haven ’ t any . ” had hoped you set a higher value on the title of friend . ” the steward . of monte cristo when the sun began to set behind corsica , whose mountains appeared against the sky , showing their <unk> peaks in bold relief	88.14350891113281
; this mass of rock , like the giant <unk> , rose dead ahead , a formidable barrier , and <unk> the light that gilded its massive peaks so that the voyagers were in shadow . a fresh billet from milady . quickly . ” . i wish i could say as much , for i do conceal myself ; and then i was afraid you would not recognize me , but you did , ” added caderousse with his unpleasant smile . interview between madame danglars and the procureur , a <unk> entered the rue du helder , passed through the gateway of no . , she has no fanaticism , at least . ” ? ” ! ” murmured felton . ” said laporte , “	99.72962188720703
since the queen desires you so to do . ” look upon it as an expiation . ” ” ? ” seem to close in , even to press against him . what rival ? those horrible symptoms which he already knew , and which had so seriously alarmed him when he saw them for the first time . struck eleven . of office ? ” , ’ said he ; ‘ today arrives the firman of the master , and my fate will be decided . i swear to you , by my hopes of salvation , i will tell you all , for the abbé busoni himself only knew a part of my secret ; but , i pray you , go away from that plane-tree	115.41531372070312
. hailed by a voice from the sloop and a few seconds later men , servants and baggage were aboard . fellow , you must be mad ! ” then , in a suppressed tone , as if speaking to himself , “ this is annoying , ” continued he . can well understand , made no resistance ; in fact , he was so astonished at what had happened to him that he stammered and reeled like a drunken man ; d ’ artagnan deposited his clothes under the arm of one of the valets . coadjutor was informed that a young man had come in after his departure and was waiting for him ; he started with delight when , on demanding the name of this	112.44530487060547
young man , he learned that it was louvieres . , then , to abandon her to the common law ? ’ said carlini . around me in vain ! can never belong to mademoiselle danglars . d ’ artagnan , “ this was what happened to me— ” ” smile arose , and , making a low bow to m. danglars , said : <unk> vest , with long open sleeves , trimmed with silver <unk> and buttons of pearls , and a sort of bodice , which , closing only from the centre to the waist , exhibited the whole of the ivory throat and upper part of the bosom ; it was fastened with three magnificent diamond clasps . cavalry , toward <unk> and monsieur	138.2157440185547
de chanleu , who defended the place , was ready to resist an assault , or if the enemy were repulsed , to attempt a sortie . , then , who expects you ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . , my dear morrel , m. de morcerf will kill me . ” athos to the commissary , “ if you have no more need of me , send me somewhere . during dinner ; he was an intelligent lad , and he feared to utter some absurdity before so many grand people , amongst whom , with <unk> eyes , he saw the king ’ s attorney . grew red , one from shame , the other from anger . kept her word ; she gave albert	97.23987579345703
no sign of her existence the morrow or the day after . my father . great a friend of <unk> as i am of d ’ artagnan i should have followed him even into the inside of the whale itself ; and you would have done the same , aramis . ” of these matters , ” said the abbess , at length ; “ but however distant from the court we may be , however remote from the interests of the world we may be placed , we have very sad examples of what you have related . again , i was stretched in the same place . to be clever , athos , ” observed aramis , “ i really do think you would be <unk>	83.51031494140625
than poor monsieur de voiture . ” ! ” and a frightful , <unk> laugh finished the sentence , which was lost in a hoarse rattle . their third of a glass with water ; then , when they had drunk half the glass , they filled it up again , and continued to do so . the gate the count recognized cocles ; but as he had but one eye , and that eye had become somewhat dim in the course of nine years , cocles did not recognize the count . the barriere des sergens , the sentinel cried out , “ who ’ s there ? ” and d ’ artagnan <unk> first asked the word of the cardinal— “ louis and <unk> ” after	132.3463897705078
which he inquired if lieutenant comminges were not the commanding officer at the outpost . ! ” uniform as your eminence possesses , i protest i should be <unk> content , and i would take an oath never to wear any other <unk> ” woman was entirely unknown to her . , then ? ” the prince , handing him a purse , “ here is for rocroy . paces of him , d ’ artagnan , who in falling had taken care not to let go his sword , sprang up close to them . despair of maximilian , when he should be informed that madame de saint-méran , instead of being an ally , was unconsciously acting as his enemy . the pen in the ink	138.3657684326172
, and wrote the following lines upon a sheet of paper : why should you make up your mind that i am to be killed ? know not its power in france , and yet you ought to know it ! ” ” said aramis , on seeing them arrive . mount a gray horse and leave the palace court . entered ; on perceiving the musketeer he uttered an exclamation that was almost a cry of despair . the words and in the bearing of aramis that the duke had great difficulty in <unk> his anger , but at a word from flamarens he restrained himself and contented himself with saying : jacopo <unk> ? ” , m. de tréville had the right of entry at all	117.55651092529297
times . as yet but one of <unk> me hear the other . ” <unk> of all these men . said he , as he drew back the door . scarcely knowing what to think , but as he was a youth who did not easily lose his head , while continuing to pay his court to milady , he had framed a little plan in his mind . ” asked athos . no doubt ; d ’ artagnan was really insulted . , louis , ” said the queen , “ for you must be awakened very early . ” same thing , ” said morrel , with a smile . your triumphant idea to anybody ? ” man who rode at the side of the carriage	55.1799201965332
, it stopped . ” cried monte cristo , stopping suddenly , “ what words do you utter ? that you can do with most project gutenberg™ electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement . swore that we had done our duty in england . moments , thoughtful , but not dejected . of men ! ” added d ’ artagnan . to the sergeant had been heard by d ’ artagnan , who accordingly , by an expressive glance , warned athos and aramis to exercise extreme caution . long in twilight or darkness , his eyes had acquired the faculty of distinguishing objects in the night , common to the <unk> and the wolf . money ? service to your majesty	111.2599868774414
? ” said all at once a voice full of sweetness and pity . you wish to ask advice of me ? ” , andrea had turned his smiling face towards the assembly ; then , leaning with one hand on the oaken rail of the <unk> , in the most graceful attitude possible , he said : host re-entered the room , followed not only by a surgeon , but by many other persons , whom curiosity had attracted to the spot . , which will last three hours at least . hand over his brow to remove the drops of perspiration that burst forth , and rose in his turn with a nervous movement he could not repress . deceived , ” murmured the magistrate ;	117.74349212646484
“ come and see her , and on her bed of agony entreat her pardon for having suspected her . ” hair , that the populace may not insult us . host , who entertained no doubt that it was the presence of the young man that drove the stranger from his hostelry , <unk> to his wife ’ s chamber , and found d ’ artagnan just recovering his senses . for his displeasure . ” ” added he , with the familiarity of a gascon , “ you shall not wait <unk> ” and he bowed in order to retire , and as if he considered the future in his own hands . not dare to speak aloud , <unk> you are afraid ? ” mansions	77.2817153930664
built by puget in the rue du grand cours opposite the medusa fountain , a second marriage feast was being celebrated , almost at the same hour with the nuptial repast given by dantès . , and distinguished some words that appeared to merit so great an interest that he made a sign to his friends to be silent , remaining himself bent with his ear directed to the opening of the lower orifice . ? ” lord ! ” ” have just returned from sea . ” venture to return the count the breakfast he had given them ; it would have been too absurd to offer him in exchange for his excellent table the very inferior one of signor pastrini . me ! ” —that man	173.195556640625
! , albert , ” said mercédès . the shock given by the rush of this mob was formidable . a cordial pressure of the hands , separated . if you please ? ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ that is the most direct line to london . ” , count ; do not allow it to escape . ” ? ” and understood them , and exclaiming , “ my mother ! ” he threw his arms around her neck . ? ” he asked . not to refuse you afterward . following the main street he turned behind the château , reached a sort of retired lane , and found himself soon in front of the pavilion named . countess g—— ? ” inquired château-renaud	75.0132064819336
. your position , is it not ? ” has no longer measure , space has no longer distance . ? ” asked morrel . of sorrow and delight . window . your carbine . ” we are enveloped in a network of spies . whistling noise , he rubbed them well all over their bodies for several minutes ; then , undisturbed by the noisy crowd collected round the broken carriage , ali quietly harnessed the <unk> animals to the count ’ s chariot , took the reins in his hands , and mounted the box , when to the utter astonishment of those who had witnessed the ungovernable spirit and maddened speed of the same horses , he was actually compelled to apply his whip in	163.0399169921875
no very gentle manner before he could induce them to start ; and even then all that could be obtained from the celebrated “ dappled grays , ” now changed into a couple of dull , <unk> , stupid brutes , was a slow , <unk> pace , kept up with so much difficulty that madame de villefort was more than two hours returning to her residence in the faubourg saint-honoré . ” said beauchamp ; “ still , i assure you , he passed very well with many people ; i saw him at the ministers ’ houses . ” ; but to-day you have not fought for the king , you have fought for mazarin ; which is not quite the same thing . ” i	147.08212280273438
will not appear to parley with rebels . ” from the <unk> who desire the death of the <unk> , to the soldiers who desire the death of the <unk> , all desire some one ’ s death . laugh , if you doubt me , ” replied aramis , “ you shall know nothing . ” ” said porthos , <unk> d ’ artagnan ’ s sigh . , gentlemen , ” continued the cardinal , without appearing to be in the least <unk> from his first intention by the diversion which athos had started , “ it does not signify , gentlemen . the last words of the captain ; and two or three heads , carried away by the enthusiasm of the moment , appeared	56.45303726196289
through the openings of the tapestry . the count , “ and announce me . ” party ? ” , struck twelve times , ” answered raoul , smiling . that imply ? ” two friends was not in the least altered by the morning ’ s skirmish . you understand , provided we secure our own interests , of securing those of the frondeurs ; who , besides , don ’ t understand political matters as we old soldiers do . ” minutes past eight , ” said he to morrel ; “ there is not much time lost yet . ” him , tell me ! ” served , i often wished to do so , but i had not the time . ” , an	80.16565704345703
officer in the guards , on duty at the donjon of vincennes . ” is brave , he can not be a coward ; he must then have had some reason for acting as he did this morning , and confess that his conduct is more heroic than otherwise . ” failed me ; i drew my sword in my turn , and as he came back to the charge , i fancied i felt that in throwing himself upon me , he let it pass through his body . me ? ” , who , unable to bear the universal gaze now riveted on him alone , advanced staggering into the midst of the tribunal , with his hair dishevelled and his face <unk> with the mark	105.21073150634766
of his nails . ” said aramis . exclaimed , “ it is thou who wouldst have him assassinated ? , betrayed , and ridiculed lover . write for fear of not being <unk> such experienced eyes as those of <unk> disguise his writing sufficiently . ” said milady . my life was in constant danger ; i could not seek them , to my great <unk> ’ the president frowned imperceptibly . of advice , i am charmed to find that it has reached you ; that will spare me the troublesome and disagreeable task of coming to you for money myself . and fearful of being left to perish on the desolate island , i swam off on a piece of <unk> to try and intercept	162.31866455078125
your course . the prince , “ if you will serve me as guide . ” return to take command of your vessel . ” retired . speaking to you , and pretends that you will be very glad to see him . ” said ; “ besides , we shall be there at the time of the flight . require luxuries ; besides , i know what travelling is . ” what i tell you . ” . there is something between that man and me that he is quite ignorant of : he nearly made me lose my credit with his eminence . the sense you attach to the question , sir . from parliament summoned the citizens to lay down their arms and demolish the	71.28942108154297
barricades . at these particulars , but gratitude mingled with his sorrow : he would gladly have embraced those who had given his father this proof of esteem at a moment when his honor was so powerfully attacked . , ” said d ’ artagnan , with that prudence which allied itself in him so naturally with excessive bravery , “ that we could have found some retired place on the downs or the seashore . ” steps were heard in the passage . will be progressing , events will succeed each other ; things which in the evening look dark and obscure , appear but too clearly in the light of morning , and sometimes the utterance of one word , or the lapse of a single	191.73277282714844
day , will reveal the most cruel calumnies . ” anything i have not seen , and as i never have seen apparitions , i don ’ t believe in them . ” ? ” cried château-renaud ; “ life is not worth speaking of ! —that is rather too philosophical , on my word , morrel . , ” said eugénie , looking so earnestly at her father that it was an effort for the latter to endure her <unk> gaze . mot , she arose and asked for her carriage . monte cristo , scrutinized with <unk> curiosity the magistrate whose salute he returned , and who , distrustful by habit , and especially incredulous as to social prodigies , was much more despised to look	158.85574340820312
upon “ the noble stranger , ” as monte cristo was already called , as an adventurer in search of new fields , or an escaped criminal , rather than as a prince of the holy see , or a sultan of the _thousand and one nights_ . of that voice , started like a man awakened from a sleep of a hundred years . de saint-méran , madame de saint-méran , barrois , all fall ? ” cried the young woman , falling on her knees ; “ upon my soul , i am ready to die for your majesty ! ” ” you , you can point out what other hours you prefer , and in this respect your wishes will be complied with . ”	88.11720275878906
defenceless , as he well knew . cried the president , “ what do you mean ? ” this woman who had ruined him , who was more than his accomplice , since she had urged him to the crime , should at least share his punishment . out and then , marry , come up , ask , and find out . positively certain in this report , the young warriors decided to continue their way toward bethune , free on the road to <unk> to the right and march to <unk> if necessary . sure ; must i say baron danglars ? placed his sword point on the breast of his fallen enemy , and forced him to ask for mercy . grimaud with his lantern	121.93280792236328
in front , advancing . . i have affairs to settle . ” , sir , ” said monte cristo coldly , who felt the perfidious manœuvre of the young man , and understood the bearing of his words ; “ you only acquired my protection after the influence and fortune of your father had been ascertained ; for , after all , who procured for me , who had never seen either you or your illustrious father , the pleasure of your acquaintance ? —two of my good friends , lord wilmore and the abbé busoni . . <unk> for the cardinal , ” replied the young man , smiling . not passed when the same symptoms began to appear ; but as i had only drunk	85.07830047607422
half a glass of the water , i contended longer , and instead of falling entirely asleep , i sank into a state of drowsiness which left me a perception of what was passing around me , while depriving me of the strength either to defend myself or to fly . , but it appears to me that that name is familiar to me . ” continue the struggle ; if beaten , i am lost . saying , be assured , my dear fellow . , be a military ambuscade , as the ball was not of the regular <unk> . treated ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . time after the death of louis xiii . the old servant , to whom valentine had given directions	114.15225219726562
. to be afraid , they had stayed behind , and he continued to advance . the door groaned upon its hinges . heard in that chamber but sobs , exclamations , and prayers . 1 to $ 5,000 ) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the irs . over the pont neuf ; they pursued their way along the quay then called l ’ <unk> <unk> , and went along by the walls of the grand chatelet . silence of a vast multitude to the palais royal . journey . ” on the centre table . service i have the happiness to render your majesty . i count on you . ” closed the door behind him . to the point . understand that	162.0972137451172
he had gained the crown of his ambition and that the <unk> wand he <unk> was in his eyes as honorable a distinction as the marshal ’ s baton which condé threw , or did not throw , into the enemy ’ s line of battle at fribourg . me ; allow me , then , to enjoy it at my ease , ” and taking her hand , she drew her toward the armchair by the bedside . his habitual smile . uneasy , but instead of seeking , like m. morrel , to aid dantès , he had shut himself up with two bottles of black <unk> brandy , in the hope of drowning reflection . , had reason to consider themselves fortunate in having the	129.9613494873047
opportunity of hearing one of the best works by the composer of <unk> di <unk> , supported by three of the most renowned <unk> of italy . confirmed ; the road by which the carriage had disappeared encircled the forest . promptly as it would have been on board a man-of-war . travel , then ? ” thicket ; he saw my father bury something in the ground , and stabbed him ; then thinking the deposit might contain some treasure he turned up the ground , and found me still living . million , ” said caderousse ; “ you can never have so much as i wish you . ” ” mocking tone , and that familiar gesture , <unk> voice and tone , athos made	127.67625427246094
a bound of surprise . given me this evening the best advice i have ever received . s all very sensible , athos , ” said d ’ artagnan . had thrown off his vest and shirt , and secured his trousers round his waist ; his feet were naked , so he had no shoes and stockings to take off ; after these preparations he placed his finger on his lips , and lowering himself noiselessly into the sea , swam towards the shore with such precaution that it was impossible to hear the slightest sound ; he could only be traced by the <unk> line in his wake . on the highest point of the island , —a statue on this vast pedestal of granite ,	129.65081787109375
nothing human appearing in sight , while the blue ocean beat against the base of the island , and covered it with a fringe of foam . they do at paris , madame , if i have the good fortune to find someone who will <unk> me into the <unk> ideas of amusement . ” in security . was announced ; a cry of surprise ran through the royal assemblage . ! ” enough to inflict on me a great and <unk> misfortune . cause of the <unk> was apparent to all . bonacieux could endure , depressed as he was by the successive emotions which he had experienced ; he uttered a feeble groan which might have been taken for the last sigh of a dying man	121.36729431152344
, and fainted . once for all , to implicit confidence and devotedness against all proof . passed five years in prison , had become old in the lapse of a few years ; the dark locks of this estimable friend of the <unk> cardinal richelieu were now white ; the deep bronze of his complexion had been succeeded by a mortal pallor which betokened <unk> . window . ” he said , “ let us follow this man . ” asked the groom . the worthy shipowner became at that <unk> will not say all powerful , because morrel was a prudent and rather a timid man , so much so , that many of the most zealous partisans of bonaparte accused him of “ moderation ”	171.61444091796875
—but sufficiently influential to make a demand in favor of dantès . as he is still living , i can write to him and he will send me information on the subject . ” <unk> was heard . , on awaking , found his breakfast waiting for him . opened , disclosed a gloomy sky , in which the moon strove vainly to struggle through a sea of clouds that covered her with billows of vapor which she illumined for an instant , only to sink into obscurity . much upon his strength , and then he realized how serviceable the timber had been to him . she turning back to gaze at the poor paralytic man with interest , he looking after her with eyes of love	201.73036193847656
. ship ? ” inquired d ’ artagnan . first part of his life had been <unk> by a woman and he thought with alarm of the influence love might assume over so fine , and at the same time so vigorous an organization as that of raoul . madame de villefort , smiling , “ are you courageous enough to sit down upon the very seat perhaps upon which the crime was committed ? ” i do not presume to call myself your friend , but at all times i am your most respectful servant. ” the countess left with an indescribable pang in her heart , and before she had taken ten steps the count saw her raise her handkerchief to her eyes . . it	101.82515716552734
is a providence that we have not been discovered . he said with a sigh , “ ’ tis merely for your journey . ” , by which she did not profit . the piazza di venezia , a second <unk> of fireworks was discharged , to announce that the street was clear . from the prince , to whom he had hastened with olivain the instant he had received it . athos , “ but his right place is in our ranks , with the prince de conti , de beaufort , d ’ elbeuf , and de bouillon ; but , sir , supposing that the conference is broken <unk> you going to try to take charenton ? ” minister ’ s . leave you .	80.938232421875
” enough to be of use against four swords and daggers . ” treasure amounts to—— ” was shed over the bedclothes and curtains surrounding the young girl . host , ” cried d ’ artagnan . future captain of mine is a lucky dog ! his drawer he said , — “ good , it is available for two months longer . ” information had been given to the king ’ s attorney , a man alighted from a carriage at the corner of the rue férou , and rapping at an <unk> door , asked if the abbé busoni were within . he . and i even feel here , at the bottom of my heart , something which speaks for you . there will be	113.85820770263672
enough to go around . ” ? ” asked milady , with surprise . the queen , ” resumed d ’ artagnan , <unk> , “ to storm the tower of london , to kill a hundred thousand soldiers , to fight <unk> against the wishes of the nation and the ambition of a man , and when that man is cromwell ? and the sloop which had arrived a week before lay at anchor in a small creek with her crew of six men , who had observed all the requisite formalities and were ready again to put to sea . or , placed <unk> , ” said he . though the doubt continued to exist . . ” to keep off <unk> . ” no one	74.65939331054688
, ” replied d ’ artagnan , who was beginning to be angry . , that the report has spread that the queen has left the palais royal , carrying off the king , and the people ask to have proof to the contrary , or threaten to demolish the palais royal . ” wrote the following letter : that , ” replied m. de tréville , in a somewhat softened tone . room resumed its obscurity . friend , ” said he , “ that there is not a creature under the sky who equals you in prowess and in courage . the flight of thought seemed to have stopped ; his energetic mind <unk> , as the body does after extreme fatigue . <unk> looking people	96.67071533203125
, who seemed as if they were on the point of commencing some nightly expedition . other for an instant in a close embrace . ” cried mazarin to the coadjutor . felt humiliated by the self-sacrifice and disinterestedness shown by the gascon gentleman . d ’ artagnan , “ pardon me , madame , if , guardsman as i am , i remind you of <unk> , i believe we are not here in a very proper place for <unk> <unk> . a plan . is ignorant that these orders come from the king . ” of war ; and as bands of spaniards sometimes took advantage of the night to make expeditions even as far as the neighborhood of arras , they determined to remain in	104.45661163330078
the town until the morrow . in order to please madame de villefort and my father , he may not persecute me by every means in his power ? , with the exception of his white tie , and his funeral appearance was only <unk> by the slight line of red ribbon which passed almost imperceptibly through his button-hole , and appeared like a streak of blood traced with a delicate brush . ” tomorrow you will be irrevocably promised to m. franz d ’ épinay , not only by that theatrical formality invented to <unk> the effect of a comedy called the signature of the contract , but your own will ? ” doubtless aware that i accompanied you to the meeting this morning . ” accustomed	143.78436279296875
to their obscurity . my little benedetto . door for you , ” said valentine , addressing morrel . say , ‘ during the three-quarters of an hour that the struggle continued , i watched the convulsions and the death of madame de saint-méran , and am thoroughly convinced that not only did her death proceed from poison , but i could also specify the poison . ’ ” to me merely to have thanked you for preserving my life and not to have uttered a word of all this . ” m. de morcerf , ” said monte cristo quietly ; “ i thought i had not heard aright . ” s breath out of his body when he assumed the command without consulting anyone , and	103.02867889404297
he caused us to lose a day and a half at the island of elba , instead of making for marseilles direct . ” said aramis , “ we are ready , are we ? ” his house into a <unk> , as the germans term it . is well guarded , then . something serious . ” you at that time ? ” pen was tolerably good and raoul began to write . like my wine ? ” asked porthos ; “ it is pleasant , isn ’ t it ? ” someone to whom i can denounce the wretch ! ” do you not ? ” , ” said the coadjutor , “ you have not all your life followed the trade which you do now	69.33331298828125
? ” prophet , and things progressed rapidly , as he had predicted . it yesterday . then , a valet de chambre who knows paris ? ” said beauchamp . the gascon ; “ do not utter that name . ” ” asked albert , “ do you remember his name , signora ? ” , athos , ” aramis replied . ” . on the chimney-piece , exhausting the last drops of oil which floated on the surface of the water . not been given to me , but it had been forgotten and left at my house by one of my friends . hesitates . a sou of his companions , although his purse was ever at their service ; and when he had played	69.7118911743164
upon honor , he always awakened his creditor by six o ’ clock the next morning to pay the debt of the preceding evening . sentinel , who had been relieved at eight o ’ clock , had been watching his door . , ” replied the young man , confused . , ” replied athos , “ am looking with admiration . ” me by someone of high rank , under the name of kitty . , and always brooding over some old history of the vendetta ; and i overlooked that in italy , because in italy those things are thought nothing of . that of a christian , i knew ; but without doubt , that eternal enemy of our souls , that lion roaring	107.60481262207031
constantly around us , breathed it into my mind . s all very fine , ” retorted the woman . the queen has not <unk> assent to the treaty . ” pardon me , madame ; but in this circumstance i am but the instrument which the king employs . towards her to her lips , and kissed it with a mixture of love and respect . more violent than the first , and he had slipped from the couch to the ground , where he was writhing in agony . enough of such compliments ! ” cried porthos . said the musketeer , making a sign to grimaud to <unk> the bottle he had just brought . my lord , as implicitly as if god had spoken	92.80547332763672
to me , ” said the young girl , presenting her forehead to him . leaving notre dame the coadjutor had learned the event of the day . is not you alone this matter concerns , but my lord and his unworthy servant , myself . ” yes , ” said athos , “ for i am hungry . ” chimney from which no smoke issued , and having reached it , he disappeared through the orifice without being seen by anyone . speak , doctor ; i shall have courage . ” having corresponded with the enemies of the kingdom ; you are charged with having surprised state secrets ; you are charged with having tried to thwart the plans of your general . ” madame ,	84.96831512451172
” replied the count ; “ but we are in france , and not in arabia , and in france eternal friendships are as rare as the custom of dividing bread and salt with one another . ” i understand , ” replied the patron , “ to find the entrance to the enchanted apartment . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ we shall hear better . ” a man of honor , ” said d ’ artagnan , determined to come to an end , “ and since your love is mine , and i am satisfied i possess it—for i do possess it , do i not ? ” said athos , “ has forgotten to give a piece of very important information to the	56.92983627319336
lady , and has sent me back to repair his forgetfulness . ” the room , crying , “ a letter from france , my lord . ” brings me here ? ” them to some eastern vizier , who will empty his coffers to purchase them , and <unk> them by applying the <unk> to his subjects . ” he saw me enter the ball-room to find you . ” the feet of dantès , or hell opened its yawning gulf before him , he could not have been more completely transfixed with horror than he was at the sound of these unexpected words . , my god ! ” cried mme . villefort , burying his face in his hands , “ no , a hundred	81.07230377197266
times no ! ” easy a matter , for the streets were thronged with people , and rome was already a prey to that low and feverish murmur which precedes all great events ; and at rome there are four great events in every year , —the carnival , holy week , corpus christi , and the feast of st. peter . , sir , ” replied danglars : “ if such had been the case , i only should have been to blame , inasmuch as i was aware of all these things when i made the engagement . said the abbé , “ i now see how wrong such an opinion would have been . to the house of a spaniard , who , he said	154.6339111328125
, had become <unk> as an englishman by the guineas of his new compatriots . and that was that he was observing me . clock , sir , do you breakfast ? ” good managers ! ” said haydée ; “ your order shall be executed , my lord ; i will forget even your name , and be happy. ” and she stepped back to retire . i will be yours . and i have spoken to god ; last of all i speak to you . i have , and i beg leave to tell you that this is the bottom of my sack . ” . ” gesture . “ long live the marshal ! ” but all took up the cry in chorus :	85.4682846069336
“ down with mazarin ! ” , and you will enjoy a little amusement without cost to yourselves . ” , ” murmured the procurator ’ s wife , who began to feel that , to judge by the conduct of the great ladies of the time , she was wrong . sum in arithmetic . ” glass . to the count . just the man to understand the astute italian . ” said the cardinal , “ i don ’ t wish you any ill ; but you must be aware that it is quite trouble enough to defend and recompense our friends . the memoirs of this period , which has left so many memoirs , one does not find this worthy gentleman <unk> even by	66.88401794433594
his enemies ; and he had many such among men of the pen as well as among men of the sword . commissary ! ” said the brigadier ; “ tread in my steps . ” —it may be more deeply than others , —i never rest till i have torn the <unk> from my fellow-creatures , and found out their weaknesses . it ? ” eye moist with gratitude though beaming with joy , went back to athos , whom he found still at table contemplating the charms of his last glass of malaga by the light of his lamp . monsieur ; but out of the regard i have for you , i have taken the resolution to tell you so . ” same <unk> as	116.06832122802734
milady , thinking that as his sister-in-law employed them they must be the best . the carnival at rome that year , and that franz , who for the last three or four years had inhabited italy , should act as _cicerone_ to albert . am the first , ” cried morrel ; “ i did it on purpose to have you a minute to myself , before everyone came . neighbors ? ” to remain in the department of the oise , one of the most open and strictly guarded in france ; this was quite out of the question , especially to a man like andrea , perfectly conversant with criminal matters . is there anything to be so surprised at ? ” he said .	146.09007263183594
collar of his shirt , and lace fell also over the top of his boots . that people came <unk> to the scene of action from all sides . excellency pays that little annuity . ” , that corpse belongs to me ! ” villefort , approaching his future mother-in-law , “ i request your pardon for thus leaving you . , ” said i , “ and in addition to my dishonor , you shall have my death to reproach yourself with . ” , d ’ artagnan perceived that the two soldiers had disappeared . constant guardians of our men , and while i sleep monsieur du vallon watches . ” some , madame , and i think we can find a little , and if	109.90652465820312
your majesty <unk> , we will seek for some together . ” sir , ” replied the baroness sharply , “ i tell you i will not hear cash named ; it is a style of language i never heard in the house of my parents or in that of my first husband . ” thirty-five years of age . have claimed his attention , franz was too deeply occupied with the beautiful greek to take any note of it ; while she seemed to experience an almost childlike delight in watching it , her eager , animated looks contrasting strongly with the utter indifference of her companion , who , during the whole time the piece lasted , never even moved , not even when the furious	167.6680145263672
, <unk> din produced by the trumpets , <unk> , and chinese bells sounded their loudest from the orchestra . struck me , always struck me ! , or rather , one cause , to whom a man like me can be <unk> of the king . ” chamber were four stones , which had formerly served as an altar , as was evident from the cross which still surmounted them . he , “ is the hotel on fire ? ” on approaching the hotel of the roe he found , however , that it was in front of the next house the mob was collected . sir , ” rejoined madame de villefort , “ i will leave you overwhelmed with gratitude and happiness at your	131.7787628173828
prompt acquiescence to my <unk> ” she then bowed to m. noirtier and retired . the hundred days and after waterloo , remained in his dungeon , forgotten of earth and heaven . call a yacht . ” the count , “ i only know two things which destroy the appetite , <unk> as i am happy to see you very cheerful , it is not <unk> love . expression ? ” aramis saw athos fill a <unk> and <unk> it off with all his former enthusiasm . aramis ? ” or <unk> . murmured , — “ yes , be satisfied . ” , ” said aramis . not wish to come between a father and son . i am ! ” cried she , clasping her	83.51982879638672
hands , and raising her eyes to heaven . , no doubt , the cold sweat burst from her burning brow . , what supplied the place of those fine qualities , ” replied the young man , “ and that was fanaticism . madame de villefort ; “ and , would you believe it , count—— ” reflect upon in eternal darkness ! jest , ” gravely replied bertuccio , “ and dare not to utter that name again as you have pronounced it . ” d ’ artagnan , shaking his head . a magnificent dress covered with splendid embroidery , admiring himself before a glass . to the coadjutor , who , smiling all the while , contrived to drop some words into his ear	95.46522521972656
. montdidier and the superior of the jesuits of amiens . ” ” exclaimed de winter , seizing the arm of athos ; “ it is he ! passed the night writing letters , <unk> despatches . , for i have expended all mine in <unk> a vessel . ” <unk> beautiful ! ” cried louise . son ! ” the rapidity with which the blessings of this world leave us . and drew from it a paper ; it was the letter of aramis : sir , ” said he . door of the cardinal ’ s study , d ’ artagnan was about to be announced when rochefort <unk> him on his shoulder . s service we need horses . ” not to be sold ,	58.39508056640625
” was the reply . at martigues . ” us . ” , ” said planchet , who had not heard what they were saying , “ what do you intend to do ? ” bread and sausages . better than that , sir , i can speak flemish . ” friend ! , therefore , is easily <unk> for . this horrible secret ? ” said de winter ; “ well , then , so be it . s having re-entered the world and the extreme sobriety he had observed at table ? room which franz had not yet seen , and which was surrounded with divans . <unk> infamy ! ’ said he , “ i shall know with whom i have to <unk> ” they	62.9390983581543
opened the door and the four men alighted . ’ ” two sovereigns give you in exchange for these magnificent presents ? ” asked debray . to the proof . ” , a more unhappy son than you , morrel , for he could not even find his father ’ s grave . ” , it seems to me . ” louvre he had often seen , as she passed by him in the full radiance of her dazzling charms , the beautiful madame de longueville . them ? ” suited to the requirements of a man desirous of burying treasure . he seemed moved by this last remark . ” cried d ’ artagnan . seeking for me in paris , i would take , without sound	86.19548797607422
of drum or trumpet , the road to picardy , and would go and make some inquiries concerning my three companions . the banker . on his burning hands , as if his brain could no longer bear alone the weight of its thoughts . brought him fresh <unk> had already devoured those of the previous day ; he ate these listening anxiously for the sound , walking round and round his cell , shaking the iron bars of the loophole , restoring vigor and agility to his limbs by exercise , and so preparing himself for his future destiny . and those of england , though taking now <unk> directions , are very nearly the same . glass of sherry and another biscuit . ” of being	198.77316284179688
resuscitated , you say he ’ s a scoundrel , an impudent fellow , a miser , a bad master ! anxiety of these two friends would be impossible . has for more than three hundred years furnished food for so many wild legends , seemed to dantès like a scaffold to a malefactor . , ” interrupted albert , “ it is only to keep up the mystery ; for whom do you take the blue domino at the window with the white curtains ? ” call ; crushed , enfeebled , he remained standing and with listening ear ; then only when he had heard the step of the horse going away he fell back on a chair , saying : said the officer . the	141.1376495361328
antechamber of m. de tréville and the guardroom of the louvre with the accounts of his love <unk> , after having passed from professional ladies to military ladies , from the lawyer ’ s dame to the baroness , there was question of nothing less with porthos than a foreign princess , who was enormously fond of him . to be , with respect , etc. , his hide , for , _certes_ , the carcass is not worth eighteen livres . said . ? ” exclaimed a voice . which we were reclining ? ; it appeared as if he had not expected so much from m. andrea cavalcanti . debray , when she had left , “ these are fine projects ! do it ! ,	119.360107421875
and with it darkness ; but however profound was this darkness , my eyes began to accustom themselves to it . thing very difficult . ” longer for his hoard , but for himself . my friend ; but all things are possible . and more stupid every day . ” italian masks at the palais royal , from harlequin even to <unk> . ” a <unk> de villefort ! ” said renée , becoming quite pale ; “ don ’ t you see how you are <unk> us ? —and yet you laugh . ” seldom seen the young musketeer ; but every time he had seen him , he had remarked a deep sadness imprinted on his countenance . and soliloquizing , had arrived within a	95.62796783447266
few steps of the hôtel d ’ <unk> and in front of that hôtel perceived aramis , chatting gaily with three gentlemen ; but as he had not forgotten that it was in presence of this young man that m. de tréville had been so angry in the morning , and as a witness of the <unk> the musketeers had received was not likely to be at all agreeable , he pretended not to see him . accompanied her in her flight . , was situated precisely the same as no . into paris on the twenty-third of <unk> of the same year . ? ” t be afraid , sir , ” replied aramis ; and the two gentlemen shortly afterward left the louvre . we shall	81.33319854736328
be able to make a tour in that direction . ” replied the messenger , “ i wish to speak to your eminence in secret . head still covered , in the tone of a judge rather than a prisoner , charles began . she exclaimed ; “ you are not a man ! ” and she went out of the room . gate like a snake , and bounded lightly forward . letter of advice ? ” ” not , however , fail in his duty , ” said athos . baker , you might live as a bankrupt , using his privileges ; that would be very good . ” . ” milady , with a solemnity full of melancholy , “ imagine that your sister	63.687835693359375
, the daughter of your father , speaks to you . ” said the coadjutor , “ i am to preach to-morrow and have twenty texts to examine this evening . ” her ? a different affair . with impatience , mingled with uneasiness ; he hoped for some compliments , while , at the same time , he feared to have <unk> . cry are as much impressed as if they listened to an entire poem , and when the sufferer is sincere they are right in regarding his outburst as sublime . simple inclination of the head and aramis put his finger to his hat , as if to bow , athos alone comprehending by that signal that he had some project in his head .	118.06974792480469
, ” said aramis , with his peculiar <unk> politeness , “ the error of the person who was with you when we met you in the guardroom ; for if the comte de la fere and i are not mistaken , we saw you in the company of a third gentleman . ” madame , that could not be . , they do not perceive that it is not the italian who speaks french badly , but those who can say fine things to them in the purest parisian accent , who are their real foes . ” said mazarin , when he was alone . with his head to show that he could discern in the darkness the door to which bertuccio alluded . morrel still	79.015625
more than valentine ’ s absence had done . ” replied caderousse , “ let ’ s have some more wine . ” the morning morcerf was conducted to his apartments , where a bath and supper were prepared . her to make her appearance at the gate , for maximilian had long awaited her coming . you ? ” . let us seek the mercer ’ s <unk> is the key of the intrigue . ” s hand and left . maximilian , “ death came a third time , and neither the master of the house nor the doctor said a word . be , the two english gentlemen looked at each other hesitatingly . the best possible friends , and m. de morcerf even wished	96.22232055664062
to take him to the chamber to hear the speakers . ” never been false to my word ; when i say i will not do a thing , i mean it . ” , pale as a ghost and seizing his master ’ s hand . said he . your majesty ; but i shall be always happy and proud , sire , to sacrifice myself to the harmony which i desire to see reign between you and the queen of france . ” became <unk> , the occurrences of the evening were revealed in their true light ; what she had taken for confusion was a tumult ; what she had regarded as something distressing , was in reality a disgrace . young man , “	74.5912094116211
where are you ? of whatever kind it may be , an individual suspected of any crime is arrested , the arrest is held secret . gentleman being absent , his secretary , by his orders , opened his letters ; thinking this one of importance , he sent for me , but not finding me , took upon himself to give the necessary orders for arresting the accused party . ” not asked you that , ” said aramis , with his subtle manner ; “ but i have expected you to tell me . ” moment , <unk> over a railroad committee . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ will return , carrying our shame to the cardinal . ” on which the count	96.47532653808594
of morcerf had left danglars ’ house with feelings of shame and anger at the rejection of the projected alliance , m. andrea cavalcanti , with curled hair , moustaches in perfect order , and white gloves which fitted admirably , had entered the courtyard of the banker ’ s house in rue de la chaussée d ’ antin . . than you think , perhaps . , but sat , or rather threw himself down again upon his chair . d ’ artagnan , “ i have <unk> to say , save that my life is ever at your majesty ’ s service , and that i shall only be happy the day i lose it for you . ” aramis ’ s two wrists , who	86.08027648925781
struggled in vain to release himself from this formidable grasp . you alone ! ” , not by fatigue , but by terror , and when d ’ artagnan placed his hand upon her shoulder , she sank upon one knee , crying in a choking voice , “ kill me , if you please , you shall know nothing ! ” favor , young man , ” replied m. de tréville , “ but it may not be so far beyond your hopes as you believe , or rather as you appear to believe . neatly and rubbed the sole of his right boot on the floor , but did not fail , however , to remark that mordaunt was looking about him in a singular manner	85.45076751708984
. the arrival of porthos , frequently cast his eyes with great uneasiness upon a large chest placed in front of his oak desk . we were not in the plot , as you will soon see . niece ? ” and from this moment i will endeavor to model myself after him . ” to overtake the prisoner . penetrating eye , almost buried beneath the thick gray <unk> , and a long ( and still black ) beard reaching down to his breast . not very . ” , after the countess had a second time directed her _lorgnette_ at the box , “ what do you think of our opposite neighbor ? ” we ’ ll gag him and tie <unk> matter <unk> . inquired	149.7329559326172
winter . a sigh , donned his uniform , which he would have exchanged for that of a musketeer at the expense of ten years of his existence . matter for a woman so really superior as she was . . order to prevent a smile . incredible immodesty , of such monstrous effrontery , that d ’ artagnan could scarcely believe what he saw or what he heard . dishonor , sir , nobody is rich ; and henry iv. , of glorious memory , who was the king of the gascons , as his majesty philip iv . , ” answered the gascon . of you , don ’ t go off your head . he continued , “ has been done with the poor body	104.07194519042969
? ” ” said morrel , whose face was suffused , as he thought that , for the first time in his life , he would be unable to honor his own signature . know i had been carried off ? ” could give him the <unk> , <unk> i preferred to give it to you . ” , he took care not to give the least sign of existence . cried d ’ artagnan , “ another twenty pistoles lost . cloak , who had just gained the good graces of a sergeant-at-arms , and who had persuaded the latter to let them stand before , instead of behind him , as they ought to have done . thanks , and took away their prey . you	66.2348861694336
, any more than the rest , to ask for an exception ? ’ , ” asked he , “ a letter <unk> you to me ? ” a second <unk> . ” ” he said : fee of 20 % of the gross profits you derive from the use of project gutenberg™ works calculated using the method you already use to calculate your applicable taxes . terrify me . want battle ; and you shall have it . ” . ” and tell me , then ; it is a long time since that has happened . ” about that , and then we shall have the honor of presenting ourselves to the general and receiving his commands for his eminence . ” that we have a	83.63504791259766
reinforcement , and we must have an increase of supplies . ” that athos took these precautions , but aramis had very <unk> reminded him that they had no right to be imprudent , that they had been charged by king charles with a supreme and sacred mission , which , received at the foot of the scaffold , could be accomplished only at the feet of queen henrietta . meditated against the perfidious host one of those hearty <unk> which offer consolation while they are hoped for . whispered aramis to athos , “ did you see ? ” aramis , “ the principal question is not to know which of our four lackeys is the most discreet , the most strong , the most clever ,	144.18545532226562
or the most brave ; the principal thing is to know which loves money the best . ” be sent by his eminence ? standing , and without sleep . made on his own plan , and one day , visiting anne of austria in this chair , she asked him , charmed as she was with his wit , if he did not wish for a title . ran through the assembly ; and at this moment , albert , had nothing more transpired , your father ’ s cause had been gained . scene of confusion produced in the salons of m. danglars by the unexpected appearance of the brigade of soldiers , and by the disclosure which had followed , the mansion was deserted with	105.4354248046875
as much rapidity as if a case of plague or of <unk> <unk> had broken out among the guests . and found his horse ready waiting for him . king ’ s safety ; place yourself close to the coach door on the right . ” thousand francs , ’ inquired caderousse in a hoarse voice , ‘ where are they ? . we shall not see each other again . ” drew his sword , and placed himself in the way . ask your pardon for having yesterday crossed swords with you ; aramis does the same to porthos ; now hate me if you can ; but for my own part , i shall ever , even if you do hate me , retain esteem and	130.24554443359375
friendship for you . . you must really be a very strange and superior man , for my mother is so absorbed by the interest you have excited , that when i am with her she speaks of no one else . ” devil ! ” cried athos ; “ nothing escapes him . ” o ’ clock they were all concentrated about the palais royal , the courts and ground floors of which were filled with musketeers and swiss guards , and there awaited the <unk> of all this disturbance . ” said madame de morcerf , in a tone of mild <unk> , “ what are you saying ? granddaughter , ” continued the notary , “ because she has contracted an engagement contrary to your	93.0050048828125
wishes ? ” i am as exact as you are . , mother , how beautiful i think you ! ” said the young man , impressed with a profound feeling of filial love . an <unk> lightness , his perception brightened in a remarkable manner , his senses seemed to redouble their power , the horizon continued to <unk> ; but it was not the gloomy horizon of vague alarms , and which he had seen before he slept , but a blue , transparent , unbounded horizon , with all the blue of the ocean , all the <unk> of the sun , all the perfumes of the summer breeze ; then , in the midst of the songs of his sailors , <unk> so clear	108.55477905273438
and sonorous , that they would have made a divine harmony had their notes been taken down , —he saw the island of monte cristo , no longer as a threatening rock in the midst of the waves , but as an <unk> in the desert ; then , as his boat drew nearer , the songs became louder , for an enchanting and mysterious harmony rose to heaven , as if some <unk> had decreed to attract a soul thither , or <unk> , the enchanter , intended there to build a city . ; i turned towards my grandfather , as though to question him as to the cause of his emotion ; he looked <unk> at the newspaper i had been reading . is beating	153.2924041748047
. of him ? ” send for some breakfast here ? ” been playing the day before . ” , my friend ? ” she said . which , twenty-four years ago , he had been conducted by a silent and nocturnal guard ; the houses , today so smiling and animated , were on that night dark , mute , and closed . soft voice which sounded at the foot of her bed . understand , ” was the reply . ” , and your future prospects are dark and gloomy . ” said athos , calmly . his orders . off to great advantage ; and when he had bound the scarf around his waist , and when his hat , placed <unk> on one side	79.3252944946289
, let fall on his shoulder a stream of ribbons , franz was forced to confess that costume has much to do with the physical superiority we accord to certain nations . . for my son , monsieur , that he found such a friend , and i thank god that things are thus . ” ” said the brigadier , who thoroughly understood the trick ; “ a bad sign to find the door open ! pen ! ” said the doctor . replied the lieutenant . athos , “ it is certainly she ! ” as he had stated , but the next morning , the count of monte cristo went out by the barrière d ’ enfer , taking the road to orléans . than	84.91930389404297
to act with candor . in a room , the walls of which are seven feet thick , with grated windows , each bar as thick as my arm . ” , and words of pity fell on dantès ’ listening ears , mingled with brutal laughter . ” said athos , to the footman who had given him that answer , “ not only bring news from england , but have just come from there . ” words in a whisper , and morrel , rejoiced at this unexpected incident , went to fetch the count , who was walking in a retired path with emmanuel . dull . ” ? ” he said . d ’ artagnan to give him his instructions how to proceed on	118.26988983154297
his journey . well to ask , ” said eugénie , laughing ; “ i forgot that i was hercules , and you only the pale <unk> ! ” little difference to me , ” said caderousse , “ if i were retaken , i am a poor creature to live alone , and sometimes pine for my old comrades ; not like you , heartless creature , who would be glad never to see them again . ” knew this man ? ” carriage i shuddered ; soon i heard steps on the staircase , which terrified me as much as the footsteps of the commander did don juan . was fated , ” said she . have taken others , but there was a great forest	98.38038635253906
to pass through and planchet , as we have seen , had no liking for forests after dark . by this full confirmation of franz ’ s former suspicion had no doubt imparted a corresponding expression to his features ; for the countess , after gazing with a puzzled look at his face , burst into a fit of laughter , and begged to know what had happened . within the hour that he had <unk> the name of god . , ” said d ’ artagnan . francs or thereabouts <unk> on their securities , and we are a little uneasy at reports that have reached us that the firm is on the brink of ruin . , in the rue des lombards . ” to set	109.22004699707031
out again as soon as possible . ” , ” said the abbé , “ that i should bestow on men you say are false and treacherous , the reward intended for faithful friendship ? ” s it ! ” he cried , “ you have your promotion and i my barony . ” the sailors . short neck , ” said she . stunted <unk> struggled hard for existence , but their withered dusty foliage abundantly proved how unequal was the conflict . sat down near each other , let their flocks mingle together , played , laughed , and conversed together ; in the evening they separated the count of san-felice ’ s flock from those of baron <unk> , and the children returned to their	188.2274169921875
respective <unk> , promising to meet the next morning . said the young woman , endeavoring to read her husband ’ s inmost thoughts , while a smile passed over her countenance which froze the impassibility of villefort ; “ what is the matter ? ” and soon returned with what edmond wanted . ” cried the king , “ by what monsieur de la trémouille shall say ? ” on the scaffold . d ’ artagnan , a man sprung from the ancient nobility of france , bearing an honorable name , carrying a good sword , have helped to give up a king to <unk> , shopkeepers , and <unk> . i was to behold and comfort my dear sister , i lost no time in	83.03845977783203
hastening to corsica , but when i arrived at rogliano i found a house of mourning , the consequences of a scene so horrible that the neighbors remember and speak of it to this day . ” ought to know that we no longer have a police , since we are no longer at paris . ” from his head and threw it on the ground . accident happen ? ” asked raoul . . it ; how stupid ! ” can make sure that they are so . ” noirtier ’ s room , he perceived two figures through the half-open door ; but he experienced no curiosity to know who was visiting his father ; anxiety carried him on further . then , ” replied the	93.60970306396484
young man , anxious to find out the truth , “ it is that , then , i remember as we remember a dream . or even venture to insinuate , anything against this ? said athos . the barber ’ s who had achieved his first metamorphosis was to enter a shop and buy a complete sailor ’ s <unk> garb , as we all know , very simple , and consisting of white trousers , a striped shirt , and a cap . me ? ” the purpose of <unk> milady , ” said athos , coolly , “ it is useless ; you will not find her . ” mind to write to her the next day . these simple words ; then he fixed	92.66569519042969
his eyes on mercédès . bell , and roused the whole hôtel . me . ” myself can so execute them that one can not tell the new from the old . ” it . ” to walk with his <unk> piece on his shoulder , behind the hedges which border the roads , and when he saw a catholic coming alone , the protestant religion immediately prevailed in his mind . was danglars . , gentlemen of the guards , ” said athos , full of rancor , for jussac was one of the aggressors of the preceding day . <unk> ” peppino obeyed . man , my dear count , ” said aramis ; “ you think of everything . ” in what you say ,	82.59727478027344
” said the count , with that smile which made him so handsome ; “ i have descended from a <unk> called grief . ” besieged . ” you , ” exclaimed morrel in a low voice , “ do not speak another word , count ; do not prolong my punishment . ” . ’ artagnan to hasten his return . that this fish which i go and sell , and with the produce of which i buy the <unk> i <unk> , —i feel very keenly , fernand , that this is charity . ” with spain and england , with madame de chevreuse and the queen ? ” he will injure the king ’ s revenue and pay to himself the pensions which richelieu paid	79.18063354492188
to others . heightened in the opinion of the young men , and for the moment seemed to <unk> the sun in splendor . his sword . , what has she to do with all this ? ” the mission you are fulfilling ? last word , d ’ artagnan had dragged porthos into the gallery . could execute the commission better than himself , grimaud set off at full speed ; whilst , enchanted at being all together again , the friends awaited his return . , ” said planchet ; “ i thought he had seen me at work . ” ! ” it ? ” adventure is assuming a very agreeable appearance . ” a breath , was heard in that vast assembly ; everyone	95.78162384033203
waited anxiously . asked mousqueton . of that , d ’ artagnan , ” said athos , “ you are not sorry that you were useful to her ? ” d ’ artagnan . furniture was at once appropriate for a prisoner or a free man ; and yet bars at the windows and outside bolts at the door decided the question in favor of the prison . the prisoner , as is more than probable , to have served under <unk> , can you expect for an instant , that one accustomed , at the word of his commander , to rush fearlessly on the very bayonets of his foe , will scruple more to drive a stiletto into the heart of one he knows to be	101.56281280517578
his personal enemy , than to <unk> his fellow-creatures , merely because bidden to do so by one he is bound to obey ? orders , my lord . ” never to say anything of you , never to do anything against you ; on your side , a solemn oath to remain neutral with respect to me . the smell of the roasted kid was very <unk> , and your <unk> are not very <unk> . ” growled porthos , pushing his huge shoulder against the hinges , but in vain . of that which he had experienced in going from time to time to visit his family . ” victory . ” , do you—and still more , with cardinalist politics ? he insulted my father	131.8074188232422
? ” accident which has happened to your granddaughter ? ” my life to reading and studying these one hundred and fifty volumes , till i knew them nearly by heart ; so that since i have been in prison , a very slight effort of memory has enabled me to recall their contents as readily as though the pages were open before me . to return home for a year to come , i am told ; in that time many favorable and unforeseen chances may <unk> us . ” answered aramis , “ as you see , from heaven . ” crew they are , these <unk> speculators ! ” said gondy , “ you seem to be a clever and a thoughtful man ; are	132.09521484375
you disposed to take a part in a little civil war , should we have one , and put at the command of the leader , should we find one , your personal influence and the influence you have acquired over your comrades ? ” ; but though he <unk> ’ t strength to speak he had enough for action . window of the apartment that looked on to the street , and whistled in a peculiar manner . then ? ” asked the <unk> “ i have my carriage here , ” said the president . artagnan , my lord . me ! , bear all the suffering , but spare her the trial of poverty which must accompany your first efforts ; for she deserves not	108.0041275024414
even the shadow of the misfortune which has this day fallen on her , and providence is not willing that the innocent should suffer for the guilty . ” said mercédès , shuddering . was ? ” if there were anything to inherit from him , they may do so with easy conscience . holding your horses , ready saddled . ” landed in the gulf of lyons , and this was a difficult thing to do because it was then the year 1829 . at all ? ” cromwell asked . ” cried aramis . eastern nations have too much good sense to waste their time and attention on objects <unk> of either . , then , we went away a short distance ; we severed our	166.75904846191406
<unk> with a file the englishman had given us , and swam away . ” him , sir ! —he only <unk> , he never bites . pen and wrote : i had the good luck to cling to while our captain and the rest of the crew were all lost . pickaxe , dantès , after the manner of a <unk> <unk> , dug a mine between the upper rock and the one that supported it , filled it with powder , then made a match by rolling his handkerchief in <unk> . , i don ’ t know yet . well received by the company , but he was moreover looked on with great admiration . ” said milady , seriously , “ he has deceived	124.38385009765625
me , and from the moment he deceived me , he merited death . ” artagnan ’ s sword , ” he said . commission which i have intrusted to you ? ” athos , “ useless ! , though occasionally he appeared a little before or after his time , but generally , both in summer and winter , he took possession of his apartment about four o ’ clock , though he never spent the night there . deadened , however , by good shutters , the songs of the <unk> , enjoying themselves in the cabarets scattered along the plain . fixed on the same spot . already been lifted , with a dexterity without parallel , and not one of the victims had dared	119.82201385498047
to say a word , when some fool of a fellow , less patient than the others , took it into his head to cry out , ‘ guard ! ’ and drew upon us a patrol of archers . apart from his plans for the future , which , it must be admitted , were for the present sufficiently vague and uncertain , there was a beginning of vengeance which filled his heart . ” asked the president , “ what do you say to this letter , general ? ” his , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but , as good luck would have it , just as i thought i should have two affairs to manage , our friend was brought home with	109.45450592041016
a broken leg . said she , as she took the pen , “ is it not <unk> ? no more knew where aramis was than where athos and porthos were , and the affair was becoming a matter of great perplexity , when he fancied he heard a pane of glass break in his room window . no , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i was not in voice ; monsieur du vallon has a cold and did not cry either . after tomorrow we leave paris . away and directed the coachman to stop at the hotel de luynes . you know what i told you ? ” though having the air of having nothing secret about him , he was a young fellow	95.510986328125
made up of mysteries , answering little to questions put to him about others , and having learned from him the report which prevailed concerning the success of the musketeer with a princess , wished to gain a little <unk> into the amorous adventures of his interlocutor . , or at all events may be made so . ” silver , his mantle had no gold nor embroidery on it ; a simple plume of violet feathers adorned his hat ; his boots were of black leather , and at his girdle hung that sword with a magnificent hilt that porthos had so often admired in the rue <unk> . it , athos . ” ! ” he said , raising his fine eyes to d ’ artagnan	158.1241912841797
, moist with tears , “ the count has left paris without seeing me ? ” ? s it , no doubt ! ” said milady , returning the letter to mme . _ my dear dame , ” said d ’ artagnan , springing from his horse , and throwing the bridle to planchet , “ you restore me to life ; where is this dear aramis ? we are lodged , as you perceive . ” , it is death , or at least imprisonment , for him who takes my place . ” is all sown , ” said the jesuit , “ and we have not to fear that one portion of the seed may have fallen upon stone , another upon the highway	65.91797637939453
, or that the birds of heaven have eaten the rest , <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> . ” of a woman could contain of haughty contempt and disdainful words , i poured out upon this man . the effect if the countess would join us in the costume of a peasant from <unk> or <unk> . at six o ’ clock in the morning , remembered perfectly that , just as he was taking his post a few minutes past four , a young man arrived on horseback , with a little boy before him . a leaden coffin , and i am preceding him by a few days . ” you are playing with his eminence ; this letter is your game . cavalcanti , the marquis	98.21698760986328
his father , madame danglars , m. and madame de villefort , <unk> people , —m . ” replied athos ; “ the comte de la fère in person , who comes expressly from the other world to have the pleasure of paying you a visit . <unk> year . ” strength to do anything but to spend my days in prayer . up to him at all risks . random , inquiring of everybody , when i saw you gallop past . much i will crush him , the insect ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ yes ! s friendship twofold . francs , —it was , you know , the month of the spanish bonds . has given his description . say . ”	88.85185241699219
louvre . ” brilliant and almost sublime conversation you have elevated me above the ordinary level ; we no longer talk , we rise to dissertation . artagnan with eyes fixed upon him and clasped him in his arms . morrel , “ you are the epitome of all human knowledge , and you seem like a being descended from a wiser and more advanced world than ours . ” by all the vengeance that the followers of the usurper exercised on the partisans of the king , when , in their turn , they were in power , your brother would be today , in all probability , condemned to death . 58 . ” ? ” baron . ” ’ s corpse , coming every night	122.82317352294922
in my dreams , rising from the earth , and hovering over the grave with menacing look and gesture . down the grand staircase . ” reposed in his chair , crossed one leg over the other and <unk> about like a man perfectly at his ease . number of other ways including checks , online payments and credit card donations . soon , and he will only see you to release you from that imprisonment in which your safety required you should be concealed . chapter liv . and went out to look for the ladder . same question he had asked the first person he met . one or two others for whom he was interested ; and as there could be no doubt but that	188.97988891601562
the queen was leaving paris full of terrible projects of vengeance , every one had warned parents and friends of what was about to <unk> ; so that the news of the approaching exit ran like a train of lighted gunpowder along the streets . he said— “ tell me what you want ? ” more a monarch than king , queen , and cardinal , all three together . distinguish objects , and behind the bandit he saw a man enveloped in a cloak , half lost in the shadow of a stone column . the four friends , who had finished their modest repast , separated , with the promise of meeting again that evening . governor . see , ” said aramis . think the	168.11865234375
executioner might be master cromwell , who , to make sure of this affair , undertook it himself ? ” , but i thought it might be so . either cheek , her respiration was short and difficult , and her pulse beat with feverish excitement . monsieur . ” , but at the door his heart almost failed him , and he felt inclined to return . they are friends . ” , and wrote : astonished at his singular farewell , and asking himself if he had not been a little <unk> . to play the devil ’ s game to-night . ” his appointed room , observed through the gratings of his window , walls and roofs ; and was told , on inquiry ,	110.87786865234375
by comminges , that he was looking on the back of the pavilion where d ’ artagnan was confined . , others making comments and recalling circumstances which <unk> the charges still more . ” rejoined caderousse quickly ; “ no more do i , and that was what i was observing to this gentleman just now . them the matter in hand . ” ; a cabriolet was in waiting at the gate , in which i intended to carry off valentine to my sister ’ s house , to marry her , and to wait respectfully m. de villefort ’ s pardon . ” is about to pay for her king ’ s refusal with a war . , certainly ; but then , you know	90.10297393798828
, paleness is always looked upon as a strong proof of aristocratic descent and distinguished breeding . ” refer ? . ” informed that on <unk> , february 23rd , being the first day of the carnival , executions will take place in the piazza del popolo , by order of the tribunal of the <unk> , of two persons , named andrea rondolo , and peppino , otherwise called rocca priori ; the former found guilty of the murder of a <unk> and exemplary priest , named don césar torlini , canon of the church of st. john lateran ; and the latter convicted of being an accomplice of the atrocious and sanguinary bandit , luigi vampa , and his band . ! ” replied d ’	221.5606231689453
artagnan , who wished for nothing better than an opportunity to distinguish himself under the eye of the lieutenant general . over you , if knowing your secret i were to tell you mine ? ” the chief , turning towards the young men , “ perhaps the offer may not appear very tempting to you ; but if you should ever feel inclined to pay me a second visit , wherever i may be , you shall be welcome . ” long enough , my lord , for it to be welcome to you now . ” with an event that he could not at all comprehend . which d ’ artagnan made every effort to read through the first envelope what was written on the second	81.91613006591797
. his letter . ” milady began to appear restless . athos , “ i have engaged two of my friends as seconds ; but these two friends are not yet come , at which i am astonished , as it is not at all their custom . ” ” , all is not over yet ? ” said albert , <unk> . before they could meet , the vessel again changed her course . replied mercédès , “ am going , and i acknowledge i had depended on your accompanying me ; have i deceived myself ? ” the words of the will , which he knew by heart . ! ” said château-renaud , “ here come some friends of yours , viscount ! said andrea	81.7989501953125
, “ i have been dining at <unk> , and expected to catch the coach which passes by at midnight , but like a fool i have lost my way , and have been walking for the last four hours in the forest . you had an idea , ” said athos . ” said the countess , “ that my present residence is 22 rue de <unk> , and that i am at home to my friends every saturday evening . d ’ artagnan judged that the mind of the king was stormy . <unk> , and was the intimate friend of cabanis . ” de putange ; i met monsieur <unk> in england ; i know monsieur de tréville . ” ” from men who thus	82.09455871582031
so bitterly injure each other . ” ; at least , nothing in good earnest . ” have bought enough fish of him to know his name . ” it . a young and charming woman , whom he loved , not passionately , but reasonably , as became a deputy attorney of the king ; and besides her personal attractions , which were very great , mademoiselle de saint-méran ’ s family possessed considerable political influence , which they would , of course , exert in his favor . : www.gutenberg.org/donate . the king , “ to fight ? ” a bragelonne ? ” asked lord de winter . the voice . and more astonished . you know well. ” but the honest servant could say no	122.72956085205078
more , so much was he overcome by this unexpected interview . we are in cases of conscience , and , very <unk> , have no <unk> is the point . ” of this felucca , mordaunt , <unk> in his eagerness for vengeance , seized a rope and climbed up the side of the vessel with a coolness and agility very rare among <unk> . give pain to my dear mother , i would run the risk of <unk> the count . ” borgia first found the two future cardinals ; they were giovanni rospigliosi , who held four of the highest dignities of the holy see , and cæsar spada , one of the noblest and richest of the roman nobility ; both felt the high	152.9707489013672
honor of such a favor from the pope . ; now bring the alicante and some <unk> . ” the smugglers returned . ” said valentine , “ depend on me to <unk> the <unk> and arouse the memory of grandpapa ? ” men , ” said the abbé , “ and remember too , ” he added in an almost menacing tone , “ you have promised to tell me everything . . secretaire , opened a drawer by a spring , from which he took a paper which had lost its original color , and the ink of which had become of a <unk> <unk> he placed in the hands of mercédès . . and she continued : morcerf , “ it is only a quarter	66.62411499023438
past ten , and i expect someone else . ” access to or distribute copies of a project gutenberg™ work in a format other than “ plain vanilla ascii ” or other format used in the official version posted on the official project gutenberg™ website ( www.gutenberg.org ) , you must , at no additional cost , fee or expense to the user , provide a copy , a means of exporting a copy , or a means of obtaining a copy upon request , of the work in its original “ plain vanilla ascii ” or other form . . ” exclaimed athos , “ let us not lose an instant , but set off . ” what think you of this ? ” inquired the king	286.11492919921875
triumphantly , and pausing for a moment from the voluminous <unk> before him . to speak to the people . ” athos ’ s , and he , faithful to his vow of not going out , took upon him to order dinner to be brought to them . misfortune , to which his friend , the devil , treats us , ” said aramis . porthos ; “ we shall pass an agreeable evening . ” myself at the café de paris , ” murmured danglars . , in pursuing his researches , found near the wall a woman ’ s torn glove . with some previous engagement which shall have a semblance of probability , and communicate the fact to me by a line in writing	109.31851959228516
. references to project gutenberg : the glade , supping off the provisions exacted as contributions from the peasants ; but his eye vainly sought rita and cucumetto among them . each other , and grew pale . resumed mazarin , “ that <unk> ” damages - except for the “ right of replacement or refund ” described in paragraph 1.f.3 , the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , the owner of the project gutenberg™ trademark , and any other party distributing a project gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement , disclaim all liability to you for damages , costs and expenses , including legal fees . home to any one , ” said the duchess de chevreuse to the footman . , unheard-of fortune sufficed you no	375.1001892089844
longer when you once possessed it ; you wished to double it , and how ? —by a murder ! his will in my favor . ” madame danglars . past all doubt . ” most were <unk> , many of the people used threatening language . , and his two assistants leaped from the scaffold and seized him . heart of a father or a mother can not be made to understand . , which although expected by monte cristo , is unexpected to our readers . , then ? ” dark they remained silent ; in spite of themselves they submitted to the influence of the obscurity , and apprehended <unk> on every side . the <unk> order , i and d ’ artagnan , ”	122.63923645019531
replied athos . of mère simon who has stolen them ; i saw him <unk> about here this morning . and the coadjutor performed miracles of valor . will go out with my hands in my pockets , that nothing may be suspected . pen more is effected than by the sword . . ” time . ” cried he ; “ what do you want , you strumpet ? his comrades , folded himself in his cloak , and soon appeared to sleep as soundly as the rest . bury the poor child there , sir ? but the count exercised over him also the <unk> a strong mind always acquires over a mind less domineering . officer and he directed the point of the poniard in	119.62157440185547
such a manner , close to la ramee ’ s heart , that there could be no doubt in the mind of that individual as to his determination . ” said he . d ’ artagnan ? ” said athos . to madame danglars , who had already risen to take her leave , and went out . , after having eaten some of the lozenges he is accustomed to take , he fell into such a deep sleep , that it appeared to me unnatural ; still i hesitated to wake him , although i fancied that his face was flushed , and that the veins of his temples throbbed more violently than usual . in the despairing attitude in which we left her , plunged in	80.0468978881836
an abyss of dismal <unk> dark hell at the gate of which she has almost left hope behind , because for the first time she doubts , for the first time she fears . ” asked madame danglars . my dear child . ” ; do not be lost with me . laugh , sir , ” replied the stranger , “ as you may perceive by the expression of my countenance ; but nevertheless i retain the privilege of laughing when i please . ” , crossing the barricades , getting the chains about their legs , pushed about , questioning and questioned . , monsieur . ” quite right , monsieur . ” of satisfaction , descended the terrace steps , and sprang into his carriage	86.26929473876953
, which was <unk> along swiftly to the banker ’ s house . he reckoned upon returning by the same route in seven or eight days , if porthos were still at the great st. martin , he would call for him on his way . well concealed that he could not find me . andrea , <unk> , “ by my faith , if it was only to breakfast with you , that you disturbed me , i wish the devil had taken you ! ” piercing look on this modern babylon , which equally <unk> the contemplation of the religious <unk> , the <unk> , and the <unk> , — leaving at daybreak , for i was ashamed . ” my pocket again , opened it	83.58509063720703
, and made ready to strike . whatever price it may be , i will have them . ” said morcerf , “ was at her toilet when she was informed of the visit she was about to receive . d ’ artagnan , made him offers of help , as this change would entail expenses for equipment . , the worst complaint of louis xiii. , who would sometimes take one of his courtiers to a window and say , “ monsieur <unk> , let us weary ourselves together . ” so good as to lend me your cane . ” means myself . ” and stationed them myself at the most desirable posts , that is , in villages , where no one generally stops .	128.95521545410156
” then , ” replied the count , and extending his hand towards a <unk> , suspended near the chimney-piece , he said , “ today is the 21st of february ; ” and drawing out his watch , added , “ it is exactly half-past ten o ’ clock . a great effort stumbled a few steps , then fell at the feet of noirtier , and resting his hand on the knee of the invalid , exclaimed : sullen murmurs arose together . , from anxiety doubtless , —at any rate they postponed the matter for two months . head , if not his heart , was already full . chatillon , “ if you bring bad tidings it will be cruel in you to announce	104.75039672851562
them to the queen . ” not you who have directly made this exposure and brought this sorrow on us , but you <unk> provoked it . ” can never forget the pale complexion and black eyes of the young soldier , and whenever the angel of death summons me to another world , i am quite sure i shall recognize selim . full project gutenberg license please read this before you distribute or use this work afraid . he ; “ is that you ? comte , ” replied the old man , “ had any misfortune happened to you , i should never have dared to show myself to the marshal again . ” so kind before . be long before he comes in ? ”	111.43844604492188
road to picardy , a road so well known to them and which recalled to athos and aramis some of the most picturesque adventures of their youth . me ? ” said dantès . ” said the count , at the same time advancing towards andrea , and slipping a packet of bank-notes into the young man ’ s hand . hailed the _concierge_ , the massy gates rolled on their <unk> had seen the count coming , and at paris , as everywhere else , he was served with the rapidity of lightning . to do so ? ” , still hanging from the loophole and broken at about twenty feet from the ground . last time ; but death checked his thought , which remained engraved	100.20750427246094
on his brow like a last kiss of love . galloped up to encounter the royal troops , who were entering , <unk> , the <unk> with the fugitives . were to see the plume of his hat , the end of his cloak , i should know <unk> ! _ ” constantly frequented the hôtel , no difficulty was made in complying with his request , and a servant went to inform m. de tréville that his young compatriot , having something important to communicate , solicited a private audience . friend , and let us <unk> ” and aramis pushed forward a large easy-chair , in which d ’ artagnan stretched himself out . ” he said , “ did i alarm you much ? ”	100.40714263916016
” said the baroness , while the two young people were shaking hands , “ i and eugénie are come to be the first to announce to you the approaching marriage of my daughter with prince cavalcanti. ” danglars kept up the title of prince . as favorably received by you as the rest of the letter ? ” of as honest a man as any on earth . original color , ” said aramis ; “ i never saw one with such a hide in my life . ” with much impatience , for she feared the day would pass away without her seeing felton again . let us all fly , ” said athos , “ and leave nobody here but planchet to bring us news	132.4739990234375
. ” called mouston , ” thought d ’ artagnan ; “ ’ tis too long a word to pronounce ‘ mousqueton . ’ ” , you are not brave enough to be of any use to me whatever , ” replied mme . advanced , consisting of from twenty to twenty-five men ; but they were not pioneers , they were soldiers of the garrison . man retained his senses ? ” us his name , although he does not talk much ) <unk> grimaud , then , went down to the cellar , wounded as he was ; then his master , having admitted him , barricaded the door afresh , and ordered us to remain quietly in our own bar . ” , ” thought	89.86363983154297
d ’ artagnan . be prudent . ” , my god ! ” murmured he , “ i have so earnestly prayed to you , that i hoped my prayers had been heard . me— ” said d ’ artagnan , with timidity . artagnan used no ceremony with aramis , seeing that bazin forgot to announce him , he announced himself . , she was the most considerable personage of the fête , she was received by the city <unk> , and placed in a box opposite to that which the queen was to occupy . to kill that man ! ” said d ’ artagnan . of honor should answer another , tell me fairly , shall you pay these with the same punctuality ? ”	66.05960845947266
killed the insolent fellow . up those stairs . and children , whom now he could only catch a glimpse of from the top of the wall , when in order to please him they used to walk on the opposite side of the moat . three , one of whom is wounded , with the addition of a boy , ” resumed athos ; “ and yet it will not be the less said we were four men . ” whose interest it was to prevent your marriage with mercédès ? ” company of m. dessessart who were passing , two came to the assistance of the four companions , while the other ran toward the hôtel of m. de tréville , crying , “ to the	89.66716766357422
rescue , musketeers ! they drew the comte de wardes close to his servant ; and as night was approaching , and as the wounded man and the bound man were at some little distance within the wood , it was evident they were likely to remain there till the next day . him to me . ” if you will drink my health . ” received by an august personage , and i perceive with pleasure that you preserve the souvenir she gave you . ” , half groom , half peasant , whom we saw at the chateau de bragelonne , whom athos had <unk> by the name of his province . under the bourbons , but at <unk> ” must confess this action and god	115.01771545410156
knows better than we can whether it is a crime , a fault , or a meritorious deed . ’ s musketeers . possible , i must be on the road in a quarter of an hour . ” utterance to a few incoherent <unk> , and then retired to his study , where he received about two hours afterwards the following letter : a meeting six weeks ago in order to talk over and settle the affair ; but i had such a sudden attack of <unk> ” priest , who had gone to bed , cried out to them to come in . the man , <unk> . i hear , ” stammered the queen . true . shall need all my strength to struggle with	89.07257080078125
myself and support my grief in secret , as you say . , ” said bragelonne , “ he has worn the <unk> . terror ; but she was absorbed by jealousy . ” he said ; “ death is always death , —that is forgetfulness , repose , exclusion from life , and therefore from grief . ” , the cardinal ’ s custom to walk in his orangery ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . , and led the way down a narrow staircase to m. noirtier ’ s room ; morrel followed her on tiptoe ; at the door they found the old servant . exclaimed he . a conversation with an iron door ; such was the count ’ s “ yes . ”	74.91033172607422
been otherwise ? , whom i at first took for robbers , want with me , and why is monsieur bonacieux not here ? ” may believe the signs grimaud is making , we are about to have to do with a very different number of people . de beaufort by his white plume of <unk> feathers . ” dear d ’ artagnan , has been a warning to me from heaven . ” of comprehension . and scarlet with humiliation , left the room , shutting the door violently after her . in the <unk> of <unk> ; the other , following an opposite direction , was about to round the island of corsica . ’ cried he , ‘ guardian of the fire , do your	89.776611328125
duty ! ’ — ‘ selim is dead , ’ replied a voice which seemed to come from the depths of the earth , ‘ and you are lost , ali ! ’ at the same moment an explosion was heard , and the flooring of the room in which my father was sitting was suddenly torn up and shivered to <unk> troops were firing from underneath . quarter past <unk> fact , in twenty minutes . ” to do again , i would again do it . ” for a moment to wipe his damp , pale brow . to strangle you ! ” cried the duke . the news they had each been charged to obtain , but nothing positive had been learned . ? ”	110.15301513671875
said debray ; “ we have only one <unk> prize . ” signora , ” said albert , who was paying the most implicit attention to the recital , “ that the garrison of yanina , fatigued with long service—— ” of the world , and had , moreover , mixed in the first society of the day ; he wore an air of melancholy dignity which dantès , thanks to the imitative powers bestowed on him by nature , easily acquired , as well as that outward polish and politeness he had before been wanting in , and which is seldom possessed except by those who have been placed in constant intercourse with persons of high birth and breeding . of his salon proved to franz and	168.0369110107422
albert that he was a <unk> of pictures . ” added château-renaud . i may be <unk> , like poor peppino and may be very glad to have some little <unk> mouse to gnaw the meshes of my net , and so help me out of prison . ” the caresses of d ’ artagnan , lifted her head . said , they were within a hundred paces of the city ; they left their two nags upon the high road , and ran toward the quay . saw it again , approaching with frightful rapidity . was desired , and returning five minutes after , he said : ’ artagnan , you are the man i have been seeking . were about to begin , and villefort	72.84680938720703
, shut up in his room , exerted himself with feverish anxiety in drawing up the case against the murderer of caderousse . and in <unk> as the shadows that he felt breathe on his burning forehead . , ” said the count ; “ above all , if , as i suppose , it is payable at sight . ” this , time is <unk> , years ; and she has ten or twelve days , as lord de winter , her fraternal and terrible jailer , has told her . then , to the hôtel of the musketeers , and your horse can be brought back with ours . ” he said , “ the master of the hôtel de londres has sent to let you	81.85896301269531
know that a man is waiting for you with a letter from the viscount of morcerf . ” and sorrows , ” continued he , becoming still more melancholy ; “ all the ties which attach him to life break in the hand of man , particularly the golden ties . a great noise was heard at the gate . de luynes , raoul , and ask if the duchess can receive you . and you must set off directly , ” replied mazarin ; “ go , pray , sir—— ” incredible rapidity , he seemed to see its motion . d ’ artagnan awoke with that uncomfortable feeling which generally <unk> the break of day after a bad night . exclamation of joy ; a ray	106.8251724243164
of light seemed to penetrate the abyss of despair and darkness . , when playing in the park of fontainebleau , or in the palace courts at versailles , ever to have seen the sky grow suddenly dark and heard the sound of thunder ? ” gentle to your eminence . their bare swords ; he felt it was no longer to be a butchery , but a fight , and he resumed his usual good humor . of his servants , none of the travelers present , could have gained anything by being possessed of this paper . he scarcely tasted food , but walked round and round the cell like a wild beast in its cage . then , ” she said . ” replied the	146.8656463623047
viscount . as usual , this hôtel was full of soldiers of this company , who hastened to the succor of their comrades . then , to dispose of that part of your fortune which the law allows you to <unk> from the inheritance of your son ? ” noirtier made no answer . friend d ’ artagnan , ” said aramis , always on his guard ; “ this is from my publisher , who has just sent me the price of that poem in <unk> verse which i began yonder . ” and raising her fine eyes toward heaven , “ lord , lord , ” said she , with an angelic <unk> of gesture and tone , “ pardon this man , as i myself	88.60823822021484
pardon him . ” the stranger . up to lubin , who did not at all remember him , and the two lackeys began to chat with the best understanding possible ; while d ’ artagnan turned the two horses into a lane , went round the house , and came back to watch the conference from behind a hedge of <unk> . open the door which leads to the count ’ s room , and in ten minutes all will be settled . ” england . ” not concerned in the adventure , in the course of which you have so successfully <unk> me ! the wine old , the fire clear and sparkling , and andrea was surprised to find himself eating with as good an	88.2776870727539
appetite as though nothing had happened . longer lost in one another , without anyone noticing their <unk> . ” replied d ’ artagnan . landing ; he had not the courage to again visit the death chamber . porthos , opening his large eyes ; “ what have you got to say ? ” a touch of vanity , has many excellent qualities . number to wait upon the duke of orleans , who , according to his custom , affected popularity . ” said eugénie . respect than pleasure at the compliment . yes . ” my lord ? ” he asked . . hand to him , and placing the other upon the knocker of a little door almost hidden in the wall . know	80.46682739257812
. went on , meantime , to paris . ? ” the latter , “ i should say that i do pledge myself to it ! the queen , “ it is requested . ” ’ s paleness , which had for some time been increasing , became alarming ; he could not speak ; he looked at his watch like a man who has forgotten the hour , said a few hurried words to madame herbault , and pressing the hands of emmanuel and maximilian , — “ madame , ” said he , “ i trust you will allow me to visit you occasionally ; i value your friendship , and feel grateful to you for your welcome , for this is the first time for	70.89094543457031
many years that i have thus yielded to my feelings ; ” and he hastily quitted the apartment . mercy then , miserable wretch ! ; everything else might be guessed , but not that . ” she had pondered , <unk> , turned on all sides , examined on all points , the words , the steps , the gestures , the signs , and even the silence of her <unk> ; and of this profound , skillful , and anxious study the result was that felton , everything considered , appeared the more <unk> of her two persecutors . be as a <unk> to me on my way . yet declared war ; perhaps we shall have to make certain conditions , therefore a solemn conference	174.07742309570312
is indispensable . ” the seminary from nine years old ; in three days i should have been twenty . , but in the morning , refreshed and calm , he was inspired with his clearest views of everything . aramis , “ i always try to be prepared ; and then i knew you were seeking me . ” friend , ” said porthos . hour the porter returned with a <unk> and horses , which were harnessed , and put in the post-chaise in a minute , while the porter fastened the portmanteau on with the assistance of a cord and strap . know if the duke of buckingham is in paris , and if he has had , or is likely to have , an	82.32066345214844
interview with the queen . ” ’ artagnan tremble , as if by the touch that fever which consumed milady attacked himself . struck . built , had just been launched . , and demand of the count of monte cristo , avenue des champs-élysées , no . ; you have an account open with messrs. thomson & french , via dei banchi , rome ; give me a draft for 4,998 louis on these gentlemen , and our banker shall take it . ” lost for an instant ; when all at once she perceived that no signature was attached to the order . . morrel . the abbé , “ is m. morrel still alive ? ” dantès ’ good health ! ” said caderousse ,	135.07638549804688
emptying his glass , “ here ’ s to his health ! ’ said he ; ‘ oh , no , you are too charming a mistress to allow me to consent to lose you thus , after i have had the happiness to possess you only a single time . , after the little that i have seen and heard , that i think even better of you than i have been told . ” where he had left him . his blood . ” reply ; but at the moment he opened his mouth , d ’ artagnan , who had heard all , precipitated himself over the threshold of the door . ” said maximilian , in consternation . to help her out of this	57.728355407714844
painful situation ? it , ” murmured the banker . , m. morrel , my thanks are due . you confess , you are jealous ? ” the aid of powerful princes . ” count guiding franz as if he had the singular faculty of seeing in the dark . or in the court , if you like , —that is the surest place . ” your own master till seven o ’ clock in the evening ; but at seven o ’ clock you must hold yourself in readiness with two horses . ” exert a mysterious and almost <unk> influence over all the members of our family . ” , d ’ artagnan , having no better employment , amused himself with beating a march upon	97.8607177734375
the window and with looking at the musketeers , who went away , one after another , following them with his eyes until they disappeared . wrote , and will show you my correspondence , if you like . ” you do with this money , count ? would be suspected . , then , with this dear child ? brought him in took him , each by one arm , and led him toward the door , whilst the prince , turning to marshal de grammont , seemed to have already forgotten the order he had given . wretches , ” cried danglars , “ i will defy your infamous <unk> would rather die at once ! steward ; “ the house servants , with the carbines	91.11084747314453
! ” had taken place between the cardinal and himself , and drawing the commission from his pocket , said , “ here , my dear athos , this naturally belongs to you . ” , but do not be angry without reason ; make inquiries , and if it be <unk> ” to make arrangements for the duel , ” said beauchamp . murmured the voice , which could now only be heard in inarticulate sounds . pleasures fled , while dragging on a life of care , all your woes will melt in air , if to god your tears are shed , you who weep ! ” can not be far off , only the doors are locked . ” counseled her to make this	127.71614074707031
last sacrifice . they will accord the time they have refused to me . had a hat , ” said d ’ artagnan . you must conceal your passion for the fine arts . ” my lord has done me the honor to invite me to a supper to-morrow en tete-a-tete . ” i was looking over the wall , i saw a young and handsome woman who was walking alone in that garden , which was not overlooked by any windows , and i guessed that she was awaiting m. de villefort . dost thou run about the tops of houses at seven o ’ clock of the morning in the month of january ? ” —in an hour lens will be in the enemy ’ s	99.37004852294922
possession . <unk> ; and that is what is amusing you at this moment . the sultan , he was proscribed and put to death by treachery in <unk> , at the age of <unk> . you . ? ” he asked . . be of age in four years . not reply ? ” resumed mazarin . , villefort found the marquise and renée in waiting . can take out two or three boards of the partition , ” answered blaisois , “ and make a hole in the cask with a gimlet . ” not strip the latter of his just rights to bestow them on the corsican , who , to my mind , has <unk> quite enough . ” heaven , ” said maximilian	74.73846435546875
, “ if you know anything of him , tell us what it is . ” ” said he . ’ clock when they set out again . the police would deal with him pretty severely for having sought a quarrel with a great <unk> in the opinion of the host the stranger could be nothing less than a great <unk> insisted that notwithstanding his weakness d ’ artagnan should get up and depart as quickly as possible . be done ? ” said d ’ artagnan . milady , “ a fair exchange . ; not for a time , but forever . , some have suffered so much , and yet live , and have raised a new fortune on the ruin of all the promises	65.8226547241211
of happiness which heaven had made <unk> the fragments of all the hope which god had given them ! i was here already ? ” said the young man . wretched mazarin has made use of you . else could you play for ? grimaud . told me she wished to send me to london to serve the interests of an illustrious personage . ” . ” hall , which was guarded by the musketeers and doorkeepers . possess that talent , which your smiles prove to me you doubt , should i not still have that ardent love of independence , which will be a substitute for wealth , and which in my mind <unk> even the instinct of self-preservation ? table with his family , having	112.00366973876953
his wife opposite to him , his two daughters by his side , and his son , louvieres , whom we have already seen when the accident happened to the <unk> accident from which he had quite <unk> the bottom of the table . capital punishment on criminals , and owing to his irresistible eloquence they had been condemned , and yet the slightest shadow of remorse had never clouded villefort ’ s brow , because they were guilty ; at least , he believed so ; but here was an innocent man whose happiness he had destroyed . madame . , ” he exclaimed , “ thou who hast given me liberty , knowledge , riches ; thou who , like beings of a superior order to	153.83396911621094
ourselves , <unk> understand the science of good and evil ; if in the depths of the tomb there still remain something within us which can respond to the voice of those who are left on earth ; if after death the soul ever revisit the places where we have lived and suffered , —then , noble heart , sublime soul , then i conjure thee by the paternal love thou didst bear me , by the filial obedience i vowed to thee , grant me some sign , some revelation ! break of day , they were still three or four leagues from the coast of england . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ this is your brother , madeleine ; you don ’ t	192.57847595214844
know him perhaps , but i know him ; he has arrived from <unk> . struck four . preparations for the execution . convent . ” ... ... ... .. ... ... ... ... .. ... ... ... ... 114 frs . as true as my name ’ s <unk> <unk> . ” our god <unk> falsehood , he much more severely condemns suicide . ” are not guilty toward me , and i have already pardoned you . ” ’ artagnan , who embraced her tenderly , with eyes which seemed to burn themselves away . not go and see if your grandpapa will have his dinner ? ” left , sir . jew say he would give for the sapphire if he purchased it ? ”	131.20249938964844
said athos . remained for some time apart , each absorbed in grief ; but at length the two poor victims of the same blow raised their eyes , and with a simultaneous burst of feeling rushed into each other ’ s arms . understood what your granddaughter has been saying , sir , have you ? ” asked the notary . read , and after conversing with her affectionately for a few minutes , dismissed her . the thing is difficult to find in france , and your abbé is not probably disposed to make a journey to paris on my account , i must continue to use monsieur <unk> ’ s <unk> ; and <unk> and <unk> ’ s drops are among my favorite remedies .	118.01880645751953
. ” said he ; “ you disturb , you agitate the people who live in the castle . ” captain at <unk> elevated post ; you are about to marry a pretty girl , who loves you ; and these two pieces of good fortune may have excited the envy of someone . ” turn i advise you to keep a sharp lookout on your treasure , my dear monsieur groslow , for i can tell you we shall not leave this without robbing you of it . ” towards him with looks of love , and approached the couch on which he was <unk> , their feet hidden in their long white <unk> , their throats bare , hair flowing like waves , and assuming attitudes	121.36642456054688
which the gods could not resist , but which saints <unk> , and looks inflexible and ardent like those with which the serpent charms the bird ; and then he gave way before looks that held him in a <unk> grasp and delighted his senses as with a voluptuous kiss . strict obedience . said porthos ; “ in that case they have eaten everything . ” , but the way by the subterranean passage would take too much time and i have none to lose . ” , then almost a deserted town , built entirely on the heights ; what is now called the lower town did not then exist . . ” scene was repeated . young and impulsive , said to raoul , “	192.39747619628906
here we are , three masters and three servants . are you about to betray it to me ? ” of the trench which was to serve them as a rampart , one of the guardsmen fell . send edward to you for a short time ? ” to bayonne . ” t be laid up more than a fortnight . cried porthos ; “ indeed , my dear d ’ artagnan , i don ’ t know how you manage , but you are always full of ideas ; let us go and embrace raoul . ” to the <unk> fact which signor pastrini commented upon as an <unk> advantage . tomorrow or next day the ceremony ! they fled toward the camp without having killed their	95.10175323486328
man , they should be accused by him ; therefore their first idea was to join the enemy . ! ” answered the queen , endeavoring to assume something of her former dignity . as your host , ” returned albert , ringing the bell , while lucien turned over , with his <unk> cane , the papers that lay on the table . permitting a single <unk> of his face to betray what he felt , and his smile remained as it ever <unk> and flattering ; and when the queen finished speaking , he said : s face suddenly brightened . leave en ... world is much older , and when mankind will be masters of all the destructive powers in nature , to serve for	141.1927032470703
the general good of humanity ; when mankind , as you were just saying , have discovered the secrets of death , then that death will become as sweet and voluptuous as a slumber in the arms of your beloved . ” give it away or re-use it under the terms of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org . into a trot . for intrigue which rendered him the equal of the <unk> intriguers , he remained an honest man . ” continued the stranger , “ i am one of your largest creditors . ” ’ s handwriting ; only this time it was addressed to m. d ’ artagnan , and not to m. de wardes . at anything ,	108.33377075195312
” remarked porthos , sententiously , “ it is that it has not already happened . ” returned the chief , ‘ she is thine . ’ knew , and it spoke an unknown tongue . have often thought with a bitter joy that these riches , which would make the wealth of a dozen families , will be forever lost to those men who persecute me . aramis , “ i saw her also at that time . compelled to marry his daughter perhaps , ” replied albert , laughing . the whole thicket . comte de la fere . monte cristo , “ you are fortunate , m. cavalcanti ; it is a most suitable alliance you are <unk> , and mademoiselle danglars is a handsome	75.60816955566406
girl . ” and grimaud was silent . expect to be let off so cheaply , bounded off like a gazelle up the quai a la rue dauphine , and disappeared . she , “ be kind , be clement , listen to my prayer ! bag he had in his pocket . use . ” and pride . at the risk of being himself dashed to pieces ; he listened , he <unk> about , but he heard and saw nothing—the cries had ceased , and the tempest continued to rage . to meet again . the two harnesses were worth three hundred pistoles . in the dark , and whatever noise you hear , whatever passes , only come in or show yourself if i call	167.70799255371094
you . ” me then ? ” is not already returned ? queen of england , who has desired me to present you to her . ” without speaking . come ! ” ! ” added he , with that misanthropic tone which was peculiar to him , “ perhaps sooner than you wish . ” you very closely , my uncle , i am sure , and you will soon be of my opinion , ” added he , with a smile which sent a shudder through the veins of him he thus addressed . tell each other secrets without being particularly intimate ; own , now , that you did question her on the subject . ” said cromwell , “ i promise , as far	71.17244720458984
as lies in my power , to grant your request ; proceed . ” , ” continued the inspector ; “ i am sent here by government to visit the prison , and hear the requests of the prisoners . ” <unk> , dogs to hunt with , and a fishing-boat . ” friend , and you shall be satisfied . lived for three months on sixty francs , ” muttered edmond . charles , standing back dimly in their <unk> frames . raoul with you . ” in the bed , shook the curtains , opened the closets , and finally stopped at the chimney . as you do all the time ; nothing <unk> the intellect like sleep . able to swim we will go .	97.900390625
” you have been listening to . ” the glass ; he uttered a cry . as he had carried her off the first . the courtier , laughing , in order that he might seem to comprehend the quotation , “ your majesty may be perfectly right in relying on the good feeling of france , but i fear i am not altogether wrong in dreading some desperate attempt . ” unfortunate man was nearly killed with heavy blows of <unk> , and among those who set upon him the king recognized captain groslow . and carp eat greedily always , as everybody <unk> , they feast on the vulture . blood-stained , on the desk , as a testimony of the crime . ” the window	131.58819580078125
for air , but she could only stretch forth her arms ; her legs failed her , and she sank into an armchair . , that you are not a fool , and that you knew very well , although coming from gascony , that people do not tread upon handkerchiefs without a reason . they were heartrending . for ? ” château-renaud , ” replied debray ; “ those clothes are well cut and quite new . ” , then , but some angel that leaves us , and this angel is on the point of returning to heaven after having appeared on earth to do good . ” ! ” us , do you mean , aramis ? ” the priest . shall be in your	95.21764373779297
possession , inform me . reason why i have the honor to inform your eminence of what has happened ; for you might learn it from others , and upon a false account believe us to be in fault . ” the latter his grief and fear , for it was the second time within a month that death had suddenly and unexpectedly entered that house which was apparently destined to destruction by some exterminating angel , as an object of god ’ s anger . ” that you may be certain i contemplate no injury to you ! lose 700,000 francs ; let him bear his share of the loss , and we will go on as before ; if not , let him become bankrupt for	154.4746551513672
the 250,000 livres , and do as all bankrupts <unk> . subject , gentlemen , ” said porthos ; “ thank god the queen is still of an age to give one ! ” ! _ ” exclaimed danglars , “ they have drawn on me for 200,000 francs ! ” shall see ! the receiver . much as you generally do after you have had the dose which i am accustomed to give you every sunday ? ” enough , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ ’ tis worth a louis . ” somewhere . ” indebted to you to refuse your first request . the count ’ s courtesy , and ordered the horses to be harnessed , while they substituted evening dress for that	75.17440795898438
which they had on , and which was somewhat the worse for the numerous <unk> they had sustained . poor animals and went to a corner of the stable , where he saw a little straw , but in doing so he struck his foot against a human body , which uttered a cry and arose on its knees , rubbing its eyes . transformation had taken place in him . ” cried mordaunt , “ you are betrayed . use of carrying so much more weight ? ” was the reply , “ i can do that when we get there . ” oars made no noise whatever in striking the water , and when i leaned over to ascertain the cause i saw that they were	117.63748168945312
muffled with the <unk> of our <unk> besides the rowers , the boat contained only the women , my father , mother , selim , and myself . i ’ m your man . ” true—the most curious spectacle in life is that of death . tell your grace , ” replied felton , “ that he very much regretted not having that honor , but that he was prevented by the guard he is obliged to keep at the castle . ” said aramis , “ but i understand neither the noise nor the cry of pain . ” “ if the cardinal has set this young fox upon me , he will certainly not have <unk> , who knows how bitterly i execrate <unk> tell his	128.75115966796875
spy that the best means of making his court to me is to rail at him . sprained my wrist , ’ said porthos . caderousse . which was tolerably clever . stranger was standing up looking towards the shore , and holding a <unk> in his hand . clock the clatter of horses ’ hoofs was heard at the entrance door ; it was our captain of spahis , who had arrived on médéah . prodigious effect on the seaman . , ’ said he , kissing it ; ‘ it is my master ’ s ring ! ’ and throwing the match on the ground , he trampled on it and extinguished it . must be near chapelle-en-serval , where he pretended to be going .	114.46631622314453
porthos . ” answered aramis , “ pray tell me a day or two beforehand , that i may take that opportunity of going to paris . ” was now her turn to take part in the scene . place <unk> ! tender , constant heart of athos , and fearful <unk> were the torment of the impulsive aramis . to milady ’ s mind was that she had been betrayed by kitty , and that she had recounted to the baron the selfish aversion toward himself of which she had imprudently allowed some marks to escape before her servant . ” resumed maximilian , “ i can only say again that you are right . albert , “ i do not know ; when i invited him	90.7719955444336
three months ago , he was then at rome , but since that time who knows where he may have gone ? ” sure that in less than three days this balsam would cure you ; and at the end of three days , when you would be <unk> , sir , it would still do me a great honor to be your man . ” , softly powdered here and there with silver <unk> , fell elegantly over his shoulders in <unk> curls ; his voice was still youthful , as if belonging to a hercules of twenty-five , and his magnificent teeth , which he had preserved white and sound , gave an indescribable charm to his smile . no , no , no , she	121.03510284423828
is not there , ” replied edward , singing his words . ? ” declared the vendetta against me , who had followed me from nîmes to paris , who had hid himself in the garden , who had struck me , had seen me dig the grave , had seen me inter the child , —he might become acquainted with your person , <unk> , he might even then have known it . any other person , or should anyone else go in your place , the porter will reply that he does not know anything about it . ” . ” twenty feet , so as to be on a level with the window , it had two lower stories . with pleasure , if her	98.99208068847656
majesty will permit me to depart . ” the diamond you have on your finger . they are fighting in england , ” added she , with a melancholy smile , “ and that in a short time they will fight in a much more decided fashion than they have done hitherto . ” chapter <unk> . aramis , “ i have little fancy for the sea by day , still less at night ; the sounds of wind and wave , the frightful movements of the vessel ; i confess i prefer the convent of noisy . ” to monsieur the baron danglars , banker , rue de la chaussée d ’ antin . ’ ” ? ” demanded he of the cardinal . ; i no	87.17814636230469
longer understand anything . receipt . ” of horror and rushed toward the gibbet , which he broke at once and threw the pieces out of the window . on a physical medium , you must return the medium with your written explanation . sum , and turned back on his road to paris . has nothing to do with my obligations to you , and i now come to ask you whether , in my own person , my family , or connections , i can in any way serve you ? in the most smiling and graceful manner . i ask you to look , not among your friends of to-day , but among those of other times . ” the queen , “ you have	80.62706756591797
doubtless come for some important purpose . m. de villefort , “ have the kindness to wait half an hour ; valentine shall come down into the drawing-room . ! ” said franz , interrupting himself . worthy patrician of lucca , a descendant of the cavalcanti of florence , ’ ” continued monte cristo , reading aloud , “ ‘ possessing an income of half a million . ’ ” . ” ” said beauchamp immediately ; “ but every simpleton would not be able to understand your heroism , and sooner or later you will find yourself compelled to explain it to them more energetically than would be convenient to your bodily health and the duration of your life . had doubtless been fired at her	134.92831420898438
. , sire ? affair was <unk> he had to adjust matters for m. de bassompierre , who was <unk> with the duc d ’ angoulême . . in a low voice : many empty words , my dear sir , ” said morcerf : “ they might satisfy a new acquaintance , but the comte de morcerf does not rank in that list ; and when a man like him comes to another , recalls to him his <unk> word , and this man fails to redeem the pledge , he has at least a right to exact from him a good reason for so doing . ” towards him without making a single step . up with a proud air which plainly said , “ i	102.79303741455078
ask alms of no man . ” irons made dantès shudder . you , count ? ” said the young man , in an almost joyful accent , pressing monte cristo ’ s hand with both his own . in much the same way . employed in the prison , and i give him so much a year to let me know what is going on within his holiness ’ s castle . ” considered as disgraceful to a gentleman was at that time quite a simple and natural affair , and the younger sons of the best families were frequently supported by their mistresses . was only occupied by about ten servants , who had just received orders from their mistress to prepare the supper , the	115.51171875
serenity of the weather continuing to increase . aramis , “ you allowed yourself just now to treat us in a most extraordinary manner . table without another word and ate with an appetite that did honor to the confidence that was ever inspired in him by d ’ artagnan ’ s inventive imagination . perfect belief in the existence of vampires , and even assured me that he had seen them . impossible , ” said he , “ i must be dreaming ! ? ” monte cristo to him , “ i do not recommend my pictures to you , who possess such splendid paintings ; but , nevertheless , here are two by <unk> , a paul <unk> , a <unk> , two by <unk>	100.21935272216797
<unk> , a raphael , a <unk> <unk> , a <unk> , and two or three by murillo , worth looking at . ” , and they will start . ” commercial men was that , under the reverses which had successively weighed down morrel , it was impossible for him to remain solvent . feminine hand , long , and crossed . smoke while i am taking my tea or coffee ; he has heard that i ordered tea , and he also knows that i brought you home with me ; when i summoned him he naturally guessed the reason of my doing so , and as he comes from a country where hospitality is especially manifested through the medium of smoking , he naturally <unk>	164.08705139160156
that we shall smoke in company , and therefore brings two chibouques instead of one—and now the mystery is solved . ” as our <unk> and <unk> , bless with holy water <unk> , which resemble an infinite number of blessing fingers . then . ” d ’ artagnan . fifteen feet from it ? ” . franz , “ this ambrosia , no doubt , in passing through mortal hands has lost its heavenly appellation and assumed a human name ; in vulgar phrase , what may you term this composition , for which , to tell the truth , i do not feel any particular desire ? ” toward that place and dismounted at the <unk> d ’ or . lost ! , his knees bent	185.20118713378906
under him , and he fell with teresa in his arms . enough—he has done nothing the whole of this blessed day ! ; they are going to drag her away , ” cried d ’ artagnan to himself , springing up from the floor . between love and avarice . , _the <unk> . stow the flying <unk> ’ it was time ; the <unk> was on us , and the vessel began to heel . he , “ my visit is <unk> ; you , no doubt , stand in need of repose , and i will withdraw . ” mazarin , present at that audience , heard very well what those deputies demanded . , ran to valentine , and took her in his arms	92.80494689941406
. procurator ’ s wife advanced toward the holy font . sigh ? ” them , winked his eyes , rolled his tongue around his cheeks , and <unk> his lips in a manner equivalent to a hundred words among the bandits when forced to be silent . then , ” said the queen ; “ you have obtained what you wish and we know all we desire to know . ” the musketeers and made a sign imperceptible to the crowd , but very easily understood by that chosen regiment , the flower of the army . of all the passions . stammered debray ; “ what do you mean ? ” doubtful . ” repeated porthos and aramis . don ’ t care to leave you	63.18555450439453
the means of <unk> your jailers . he began to laugh loudly , but nervously . and no one has seen us do it . ” , but as he had foretold , that hit was a mortal one ; the sword pierced his heart . door madame danglars turned round , and looked upon her husband with an astonishment she took no trouble to conceal . of reasons , you know . ” that the malady should be over , ” said she ; “ let me rise , and obtain some success this very day . was in his element , and with his black face and sparkling eyes appeared , in the cloud of dust he raised , like the genius of the <unk> and	107.91028594970703
the god of the hurricane . this hour , if the money is not forthcoming , he blows out the prisoner ’ s brains with a pistol-shot , or plants his dagger in his heart , and that settles the account . ” threw himself into his friends ’ arms . with that false calmness than i impose upon you with my frivolous solicitude . ? ” asked the count . , ” murmured winter , “ and the next day henry iv . ” said d ’ artagnan , and he read : to recover from his surprise , and , moreover , returned look for look , not even taking his eyes off him . have seen , the term which athos applied to d ’	95.59062957763672
artagnan in his more expansive <unk> . is to learn where the enemy is and what he is doing . ” , he had apprised the count , by a note , of your intention , and , the count being absent , i read the note and sat up to await you . ” be <unk> for the father , one for the son , and one for the holy ghost . ” , dull and <unk> . for some seconds ; but at length d ’ artagnan dropped his sword , which was broken in two pieces by the blow of a stick . ” this fortune , we may enjoy it without remorse . ” the results of an examination which i have made of	78.82711791992188
a man of marseilles , whom i have watched for some time , and arrested on the day of my departure . the count , “ and you confirmed the report . of the king you mean that of monsieur de mazarin , we do not understand each other . ” a right line . induced you to buy three ! ” from our own festivities . ? ” asked the baroness . a match in the tennis court , ” exclaimed la ramee . room . son has done us no harm . ” friend ; in two words you will know all . capital . said he , to cucumetto , ‘ here are three hundred piastres ; give me back my child . ill of	58.1938591003418
him , ” replied milady , finishing the thought of the superior . ” retorted the count , “ have you attained the <unk> situation in which you are , without having admitted , or even without having met with <unk> ? ; and if the fronde knows that monseigneur has disappeared , how the fronde must triumph ! ” trademark license , especially commercial redistribution . s silence , and then was heard the crackling of burning flesh , of which the peculiar and <unk> smell penetrated even behind the wall where dantès was listening in horror . is all . ” ” should be done , ” asked athos , “ if we have no news of them to-night ? ” ? that that young man	104.36763763427734
’ s visit has subdued my appetite and probably will rob me of my sleep . ” murmured the minister , “ for pity ’ <unk> ” ? ” was in a fair way , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ and as to aramis to tell you the truth , i have never been seriously uneasy on his account . ” cried lord de winter ; “ ha , ha ! the intention of asking for something to eat . ” ” he asked . , there is a title which i covet much , ” replied scarron . of debaucheries , madame messalina , lady macbeth ! , my good fellow ? , it is a matter of the greatest urgency to find them out	71.53657531738281
, ” said the queen , “ since you think these worthy gentlemen might be so useful to the king . ” ” & french ; at least , so my cashier tells me . ” dear girl , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you know that it is not good for any of us to be here . said the count , “ have you nothing to do in this land ? ” the other soldier , and the perils they had encountered . d ’ artagnan , and fainted a second time . ; her husband is only my brother-in-law , that is , a man whom the ties of social life alone attach to me ; no one then longer needs my useless	49.80023956298828
life . gave orders for this delay . ” looked attentively on the count ; there was an expression on the face of her intrepid protector which commanded her veneration . chapter lvii . part of this project gutenberg™ electronic work , you indicate that you have read , understand , agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property ( trademark/copyright ) agreement . that plan was not sure enough ; he might go out by one gate and return by another . ” ring , after it has passed through the hands of that infamous creature ? resolutions of the cardinal ; and till the king and he could take the command of the siege of la rochelle , which was determined	140.17506408691406
, he had sent monsieur to direct the first operations , and had ordered all the troops he could dispose of to march toward the <unk> of war . the count , taking her two hands in his , “ all that you could say in words would never express what i read in your eyes ; the thoughts of your heart are fully understood by mine . retreated as far as the ditch , from which each took a concealed musket ; the result was that our seven travelers were <unk> in weapons . , ” he called out . sign from madame danglars intimated her desire to see albert in her box directly the curtain fell on the second act , and neither the politeness nor	165.08445739746094
good taste of morcerf would permit his <unk> an invitation so <unk> given . she expected , though probably not in such a costume , the young woman started in terror , and was about to make a hasty retreat . abbé , “ <unk> ” impatience . night before . ? ” as soon as i leave this place i will tell everything . more perfect than her acting ? ” the man at whose shutter you have just knocked ? my dear friend , this diamond became our only resource ; with it i might regain our horses and their harnesses , and even money to pay our expenses on the road . ” ” interrupted aramis , “ permit me to observe to you that	115.24659729003906
you have not acted in this affair as a gallant man ought . ” . ” time , the intonation was so soft that , however strange the speech might seem , it was impossible to be offended at it . d ’ artagnan ; “ we are under mazarin ’ s orders . ” cry , and turned round ; then , seeing his son , he fell into his arms , pale and trembling . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i know him now . of another with a hatchet , but you shrink if your own is attacked with a needle . ” . ” the next thing was to find planchet . to pay m. cavalcanti the five hundred thousand francs you	51.73434829711914
promise for my dowry ? ” <unk> i should say that would bring him ill-luck . ” answered : stories related of the count by de morcerf , it is no wonder that madame danglars eagerly listened to , and fully credited , all the additional circumstances detailed by debray . thousand volumes in my library at rome ; but after reading them over many times , i found out that with one hundred and fifty <unk> books a man possesses , if not a complete <unk> of all human knowledge , at least all that a man need really know . replied porthos . sent me . ” la fere , a type of nobility , a flower of <unk> . tied the knot ? ” inquired	142.48587036132812
the grave-digger , who was looking on . porthos and d ’ artagnan roared out both at once . with crimson brocade , worked with flowers of gold . his hands around his head as though to prevent his very brain from bursting , and exclaimed , “ his father ! for my conduct , and as you are a woman that can perfectly understand me , i will give them . ( and i pray of you to give me your full attention ) , then i thought i could not be doing anything <unk> to the almighty in trying to set an innocent being at <unk> who had committed no offence , and merited not condemnation . ” the same position , as if fixed there	101.752685546875
, his eyes swollen with weeping . ; peppino will have warned the sentry of our coming . ” jussac ’ s patience . athos . the king had already gone out by another door . hate you , my friend . said with an effort , — “ today the man who holds the blade of justice must strike wherever there is guilt . ” again on the chair , —her lips were scarcely discernible , they were so pale and white , as well as her whole face , —and remained motionless , looking at noirtier , who appeared to anticipate and commend all he did . chosen , it ought to be strong . gaetano , ” said franz , “ this is , then	110.97842407226562
, all reality ; there exists a man who has received me in this island , entertained me right <unk> , and has departed while i was asleep ? ” go at once to the queen . ” . ” camp ; therefore , gentlemen , not a word more of this affair . ” resumed milady , “ for by the side of base and contemptible men there are often found great and generous natures . . ” via di ripetta and the porta san paolo ; and when they were two hundred yards outside , as the frenchman became somewhat too forward , beppo put a brace of pistols to his head , the coachman pulled up and did the same . damp , nay ,	145.03456115722656
even horrible spot , more especially when we consider the <unk> conferences which have taken place between those iron bars . ? ” mistake , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ there is more selfishness in my toast than perhaps you may think—for it is only in prosperous <unk> that one is well received . of them ; only a letter , all perfumed and of an elegant writing in small characters , had come for aramis . on your mind ! ” said athos . and seemed to surround the palais royal entirely . the rue de la mule the iron gate of the place royale , when they perceived three cavaliers , d ’ artagnan , porthos , and planchet , the two former wrapped	116.17037200927734
up in their military cloaks under which their swords were hidden , and planchet , his musket by his side . in his pocket with that indescribable expression which seemed to say , “ come , reflect ; if you repent there is still time . ” young girl fixed her imperious look on the catalan , who , as if fascinated by it , came slowly towards edmond , and offered him his hand . , so strong was the excitement produced by the arrival of athos , whose wound , though kept as a secret , was known to all . should learn that you had taken upon yourself to speak of me to anyone favorably or <unk> , to comment on my actions , or	109.762451171875
watch my conduct , that very instant you would quit my service . of weakened minds to see everything through a black cloud . shall sleep calmly , <unk> in the arms of death . ”	68.77581024169922
Average perplexity: 169.92903495077152
