, porthos , that it was not a good plan ; that we couldn ’ t go a hundred steps without being <unk> , because we were without clothes to disguise ourselves and arms to defend ourselves . ” her hand , and turning with flashing eyes upon kitty , she cried , “ what is this letter ? ” and found in it two diamond studs . said the count , in the same tone in which he would have given an order to his servant . to undertake a journey to brussels for the queen ? ” ” interposed d ’ artagnan , “ you must present me to madame du vallon . ” of him at once . ” to the hilt in rita ’	43.73773193359375
s left breast . for you , who , as i learn , have seen as many lands as are <unk> on this map . ” ? ” exclaimed porthos , in dismay . , monsieur blaisois , our masters would not deny themselves this wine . the effect if the countess would join us in the costume of a peasant from <unk> or <unk> . will not be to her as the death of a stranger ! ” , but that is all ; one thing alone struck me , —of all the exquisite things he placed before us , he touched nothing . not generally very rich , and i have no reason to think matters have much changed in this respect since i left the	103.30159759521484
province . pang that fernand endured . paper hesitatingly and cast his eyes over it ; it was a lieutenant ’ s commission in the musketeers . exists . piles of golden coin ; in the second , were ranged bars of unpolished gold , which possessed nothing attractive save their value ; in the third , edmond grasped handfuls of diamonds , pearls , and rubies , which , as they fell on one another , sounded like hail against glass . ” , with more reason than the cardinal , showed his hatred for buckingham , although scarcely arrived was in such a haste to meet the enemy that he commanded every disposition to be made to drive the english from the isle of ré ,	196.00367736816406
and afterward to press the siege of la rochelle ; but notwithstanding his earnest wish , he was delayed by the dissensions which broke out between mm . , that if it were so , ” said he , rising in his turn , and approaching the baroness , to speak to her in a lower tone , “ we are lost . . others , ” cried he ; “ and i hope that this time he whom he ought to chastise will not escape him as before . ” , so happy ? ” said albert , who still could not prevent an almost imperceptible cloud passing across his brow . priest you wish to pray with valentine ? ” asked d ’ avrigny . monsieur	64.26630401611328
bernouin , if you wish to do what will be pleasing to your master , announce to her majesty that i have come , and tell her with what purpose . ” , and suddenly they open some mysterious cavern filled with the wealth of the indies . ” and already the terrible château had disappeared in the darkness . ill , hastened toward her and was beginning to open her dress ; but milady started up , pushing her away . and a word from grimaud , all at once , were so unusual that his highness stopped short , astounded . may be procured by his immediate arrest , as the letter will be found either about his person , at his father ’ s residence	101.20536041259766
, or in his cabin on board the _pharaon_ . ’ ” had animated these two beings , mercédès was doing the same in her apartments that he had just done in his . a truce the english army has broken it by quitting the town , contrary to the agreement which kept it there . . amélie_ , who was very desirous of retaining amongst his crew a man of edmond ’ s value , had offered to advance him funds out of his future profits , which edmond had accepted . in arabic to ali , and the horses went on at great speed . i saw our laborers , which did not at all suit two such delicate stomachs as ours , i had recourse	190.73699951171875
to a little of my old trade . not the slightest appearance of disease in the world , and the rabbit had not the smallest distrust ; yet , five minutes afterwards , the rabbit was dead . to do with your ill-humor ? ” said the baroness , irritated at the <unk> of her husband ; “ do these things concern me ? , and your future prospects are dark and gloomy . porthos , “ if he was not crushed <unk> ” had morrel renewed his demand , and twice had villefort soothed him with promises . was wounded on that very shoulder against which i must run head foremost , like a <unk> . opened the poor man ’ s jacket to feel if the	117.81846618652344
heart beat , whilst the host approached in his turn ; but in a moment they both fell back , the host uttering a cry of horror and grimaud becoming pallid . closely , and discover , if you can , even the <unk> of a reproach in me . ” to dessert and cigars . ; it was in italy most probably , ” replied monte cristo ; “ you have travelled then in italy , mademoiselle ? ” said , “ i hope your majesty will forgive me for <unk> your orders , when you learn that the gentlemen i have come to announce are the comte de la fere and the chevalier d ’ herblay . ” ? ’ s temper at the moment ,	75.93229675292969
to take him off towards marseilles by the porte <unk> , staggering as he went . take him back with you into the world . the work , will you not ? ” the time . albert , staring . i send a ball into the moat ; a man is there who <unk> it up ; the ball contains a letter . never trembles , never strikes thirty times <unk> , like the soldier who beheaded the count of chalais , and to whose tender mercy richelieu had doubtless recommended the sufferer . paltry fifty louis . ” , sir ? of your horse . ; do me the favor to accompany me and i will conduct you to <unk> . ” render an act valid is	113.79530334472656
, that the notary should be thoroughly convinced that he has faithfully interpreted the will and wishes of the person <unk> the act . ; but she is now at length a little reassured , having sent her secretary away in order that nothing may happen unexpectedly . the brigadier was too experienced to be convinced by a single proof . conversion ! ” murmured the duke , looking at the king and dandré , who spoke alternately , like virgil ’ s shepherds . . he added , smiling , “ you have done enough in my service , and if you have any personal matters to settle it is just that i should give you time . ” down the columns , and when she came	85.99543762207031
to the word “ will , ” m. noirtier ’ s eye bade her stop . during the last carnival . ” they are not in paris . short picard <unk> , which cost three hundred livres . kind of divan , surmounted with a stand of arabian swords in silver scabbards , and the handles resplendent with gems ; from the ceiling hung a lamp of venetian glass , of beautiful shape and color , while the feet rested on a turkey carpet , in which they sunk to the <unk> ; tapestry hung before the door by which franz had entered , and also in front of another door , leading into a second apartment which seemed to be brilliantly illuminated . , scarcely , on	151.06982421875
his side , was he out of sight when he drew from his pocket a letter , which he read over again : nothing save the king ’ s gratitude ( which was rather likely to injure him at the present time ) and the cross of the legion of honor , which he had the prudence not to wear , although m. de blacas had duly forwarded the <unk> . “ this horse was born in the house of your father about thirteen years ago , and has remained in it ever since , which ought to make you love it . which , in lord wilmore ’ s opinion , possibly amounted to one or two millions per annum , —a precarious fortune , which might	97.3399887084961
be momentarily lost by the failure of the mine . . spanish bonds ? ” he asked of the baroness . today takes us to england . ” have seen a young man pass , fifteen years of age , mounted on a chestnut horse and followed by a groom ? ” you wish to know his name , i will tell it , —he is named villefort . ” sweet smile , and but for his paleness one might have thought him in his usual happy mood . with blue feathers , a surtout of <unk> velvet , fastened with diamond clasps , and a petticoat of blue satin , embroidered with silver . his eyes and continued looking at the door ; no one ventured to	87.44046783447266
speak , for fear of <unk> him . by you , i would tempt fortune ; you would bring me good luck , and i should become rich . count our money and divide it . to do so , ” smiled the spaniard . you before , i think the old fellow is very close . ” king followed his guards out of the hall . steward <unk> all this business for me . ” bastille , there is no afterward ! ” said the cardinal , in a low voice . this strain , sir , if the tone of it is displeasing to you ; i am no more disturbed by your justice than are you by my <unk> . ” key turning in the	77.61475372314453
lock , and the creaking of the hinges , dantès , who was crouched in a corner of the dungeon , whence he could see the ray of light that came through a narrow iron grating above , raised his head . mention these things , ” said danglars ; then , approaching monte cristo , he added , “ especially before young m. cavalcanti ; ” after which he smiled , and turned towards the young man in question . the misfortune which has just happened to you , there is another , perhaps , still greater . ” a low voice : “ i <unk> wish you to spare me the walk back to paris . be alone . am expecting some one , a friend	70.75282287597656
of athos . ” as he had stated , but the next morning , the count of monte cristo went out by the barrière d ’ enfer , taking the road to orléans . , we old soldiers , ” athos added , smiling . about her , ” replied the countess , “ is , that she has been at rome since the beginning of the season ; for i saw her where she now <unk> the very first night of the season , and since then she has never missed a performance . my carriage . ” he had the saddle which came from buckingham . is enclosed by enormous walls , over which the sun glances <unk> , when it deigns to penetrate into this	90.80818939208984
gulf of moral and physical <unk> . have hopes of obtaining what i have been for years endeavoring to persuade the marquise to promise ; namely , a perfect <unk> and forgetfulness of the past . ” , ” said franz in a resolute tone . aramis , you may enjoy that pleasure , for one of those three horses is yours . ” . , ” said athos , “ and knowing there was a lady who had arrived at the cabaret this evening , they wanted to force her door . ” de villefort entered the drawing-room with her little edward . the best use of his time while he had the means of labor , he continued to work without ceasing . she lived as	80.69237518310547
well as she could ; now there were two to be supported , and nothing to live upon . athos . but it would have been difficult to say whether joy or the onions produced the greatest effect on the <unk> <unk> of the old innkeeper of the <unk> . have waited for it so patiently , ” said d ’ artagnan , with a smile . aramis , “ this falls out very well . ” into the chamber , leaving the door open behind him , and making a sign to milady to be silent ; his face was much agitated . me to give orders in your name throughout this business ? ” passed through all the streets lying between the archbishopric and the st.	62.63838195800781
eustache church , watching carefully to ascertain the popular feeling . created in his own <unk> , upon whom god has laid his first , his sole commandment , to love his <unk> , to whom god has given a voice to express his <unk> is his first cry when he hears his <unk> is saved ? which she placed on a desk before noirtier ; she opened it , and , seeing that the old man ’ s eye was thoroughly fixed on its pages , she ran her finger quickly up and down the columns . sorts . ” receive it in ten days you can leave . ” reopened his eyes , and hope revived in all hearts . to announce me , mademoiselle ,	120.92422485351562
” returned the englishman . athos and d ’ artagnan busied themselves about <unk> the sapphire . with joy . said the abbé ; “ it seems as if i were listening to the story of a dream . ghost , repeated these words to the man , who , seeing the <unk> preparations that were making , put himself in an attitude of defense . an investigation of my <unk> ! has brought your friend near to you and monsieur du vallon , instead of being in the depths of despair about it . ” speak in that way , ” said athos , “ you will break my heart , and the tears will flow from my eyes as the wine flowed from the cask .	63.85255813598633
the two women , one after the other , and was forced to acknowledge that in his opinion dame nature had made a mistake in their <unk> . still beautiful . ” ” said franz , hesitating . cromwell to mazarin , and the queen guessed rightly ; we have been forestalled . , dear friend , i swear ; and as a proof of what i say , permit me to declare i am rejoiced to see you safe and sound . ” a time . to be an utter impossibility , ” said villefort . observed monte cristo , “ that i have some difficulty in comprehending your objection to a young lady who is both rich and beautiful . ” him ? ” on the	71.16986846923828
scaffold . and <unk> me . ” pace to the nearest cavalry barracks , about a quarter of a league distant . attendant of madame danglars entered the boudoir ; approaching her mistress , she spoke some words in an undertone . who plays ! ” exclaimed lucien ; “ it is madame danglars ; she is indeed daring . ” he looked around him . my evil genius , whom i have always met with when threatened by some misfortune , he who accompanied that horrible woman when i met her for the first time , he whom i was seeking when i offended our athos , he whom i saw on the very morning madame bonacieux was abducted . , your honor remained here , far	117.31157684326172
from the city , tranquil and inactive . ” door , but it was locked inside ; then i called the sergeant . ” , ” and he gave him a pen . send the protestants of la rochelle the assistance i promised them ; i have not done so . t know me , sir ? ” , he had apprised the count , by a note , of your intention , and , the count being absent , i read the note and sat up to await you . ” majesty that if she does not sign to-day she will not have time to sign to-morrow . her throat , leaving two gaping wounds from which , as well as the mouth , the blood was	70.3052978515625
pouring in <unk> . <unk> . him , and on the third floor he found a hare ’ s <unk> , which , by the hasty ringing of the bell , it was evident he pulled with considerable <unk> . and am not afraid of being robbed , i went and opened the gate and saw three men at a few paces from it . of all this ? ” inquired caderousse , <unk> , of danglars , who had assumed an air of utter surprise . the hands of barrois , who was sent out , the lemonade which m. noirtier had every morning , and he has escaped by a miracle . and be happy , beloved children of my heart , and never forget that	68.81121063232422
until the day when god shall deign to reveal the future to man , all human wisdom is summed up in these two words , — ‘ _wait and <unk> ’ —your friend , and hastened to conduct the count out . to have such a compliment paid to him twice . go meanwhile ? ” which i live ; at the death of monsieur de tréville , who is old , i may be a captain , which is a very snug berth for a once <unk> gascon . prudence . my dear mother , he was esteemed such . ” are you ? that that young man ’ s visit has subdued my appetite and probably will rob me of my sleep . to have communicated	136.98068237304688
itself to danglars . of soldiers , the passages still lined by guards . bad ! ” replied the king ; “ i am bored . ” pride of danglars , but this evening he took no notice of them . faria , addressing dantès with an almost paternal expression , “ now , my dear fellow , you know as much as i do myself . said , “ it is only a veiled lady , some foreign princess , perhaps the mother of cavalcanti . afraid that your good wishes will not be of great service to me . ” was established , they set about driving the english from the isle . find any fisherman and should the wind shift to the north ? ”	86.02873992919922
fourth time . good friend . , i visit an <unk> one i named . ” about it yet , madame , ” answered d ’ artagnan , with that gascon effrontery which had in him the appearance of naivete ; “ but if we four had resolved upon it we should do it most certainly . ” middle height , with thin reddish whiskers , light complexion and light hair , turning rather gray . one of them to break it first , and as d ’ artagnan appeared determined to leave that honor to his companion , aramis said , “ you see that i am returned to my <unk> ideas . ” for myself , ” said mazarin . the door for baptistin , whom	96.61182403564453
he saw in the rue <unk> , and who was running . say ? as heaven <unk> rain . men who are now on monte cristo ? ” to bury a living child in a garden ? ” cried monte cristo . resumed d ’ artagnan , “ not having seen you for four or five years i concluded you were dead . ” their course without our assistance . ” asked the baroness . than the hearts of most men , and i suffered more than they would have done in my place ; that is all . ” bottles more . ” unhappy ; but god , our courage , and the remembrance of our friendship sustain us . s carriage ! ” she exclaimed ,	48.41462707519531
falling back . us and his <unk> are the duke of orleans and the prince de condé , although i must add ’ tis almost impossible now to know to which party any one belongs . ” gunpowder . rochefort has become a better man than i am ? ” he said to himself . the example of madame de morcerf and her son . ” was mad . was regaining some little influence over her husband . praised to the highest note by these men , who adored him , and who , ruffians as they were , trembled before him like scholars before their master , obedient to his least word , and ready to sacrifice themselves to wash out the smallest insult . the case	134.32020568847656
, ” said mousqueton , with a learned air , “ take some nourishment . ” in your money boxes , or , since you have clerks whom you pay , vent it upon them . ” , as if plunged in reflections entirely personal . if they heard him shout like a madman ? again , rather than betray you , i would allow myself to be <unk> in pieces ! ” now ? ” jeweller made the diamond play and sparkle in the <unk> , and the gem threw out <unk> of light which made him unmindful of those <unk> of the <unk> to play in at the windows . us the honor to be jealous ; he does not like eugénie sufficiently . my hand	116.33528137207031
. ” , young man , that he who sleeps over a mine the match of which is already lighted , may consider himself in safety in comparison with you . ” much effort , it must be confessed , for only one of the officers was armed , and even he defended himself for form ’ s sake . hermine , “ doubtless it is chance . ” ; they said it was bad money . ” monte cristo had endeavored completely to overturn the parisian ideas , and to feed the curiosity as much as the appetite of his guests . the queen , “ suppose you put one of your sons in the king ’ s place ; we might be off during the time	116.3582534790039
. ” lord , ” said athos . case , i assure you , upon my honor ! athos , “ we were always dry . ” two o ’ clock to san pierdarena . had just been said to him . , ” said she to mme . you , count , for this pleasing intelligence ! has induced you to leave via reggio , where you have lived since the death of your wife . said an officer , who came up behind the guards . toward that place and dismounted at the <unk> d ’ or . tutor ; let us return with renewed strength to the battle-field , and i promise you 500,000 soldiers , another marengo , and a second austerlitz . sir	75.91654968261719
, ” answered de chatillon , with as much <unk> as aramis . take your chance and be arrested with me ? ” his face ? ” asked athos . , threw broussel into the carriage and sprang in after him . ” returned mazarin , “ prudence is a fine thing , but to-day you might regret having been too prudent . ” purpose , and here i am . ” work , so he takes his own way of employing himself . ” day in exhibiting his musketeer ’ s uniform in every street of the camp . the future for you , and i venture to say you will confide it to safe hands . ” , that justice be done . report it .	74.008056640625
, ” said aramis . tried to understand them ? ” go as i am . cardinal , “ a venetian glass ! ” <unk> poet ? porthos ; “ there go three or four , <unk> away . ” and plainly saw two human forms on planchet ’ s horse . ! god reward you ! advice i was about to give monsieur ; and where are we going , may i ask , without being too curious ? ” aramis , “ i saw her also at that time . grumbling , took his sword , hat , pistols , and cloak , and followed the officer , whilst porthos , alone and sole possessor of the bed , endeavored to follow the good example of	88.21149444580078
falling asleep , which his predecessor had set him . and fifty-one members who composed the parliament , there were one hundred and ninety-one who were in the way and might have upset his political wagon . collected enough to jest ; at the same time , as though to <unk> the <unk> propensities , the man took some black bread , cheese , and onions from his <unk> , which he began devouring <unk> . said villefort , “ to have such duties to perform at your age after such a blow ! ” remained convinced that d ’ artagnan had seen and heard everything ; but he was pleased with his falsehood . king could have condescended so far as to express himself so favorably of	136.76889038085938
me ? ” asked the enraptured villefort . his armchair , he said , with an arrogant and <unk> air : to camp he should re-enter slavery ; nevertheless , he did return . to be a resolute fellow . ” ” cried albert , in the midst of the general surprise . a woman who writes , ” said aramis , “ and that woman desires not to be seen , remember , you compromise her , d ’ artagnan ; which is not the part of a gentleman . ” , please observe , by his courage alone , that a gentleman can make his way nowadays . dispersed he leaped down , crept from behind the drapery , glided between two horses , mingled with	85.61271667480469
the crowd and was the first to arrive at the inn . ? ” d ’ artagnan , springing forward , in his turn , after the servant . ” said he , “ his father loves him so much ! ” bernajoux was known to all the world , d ’ artagnan alone <unk> , perhaps ; for it was one of those which figured most frequently in the daily brawls which all the edicts of the cardinal could not repress . aristocratic person ; like her sister the queen , she had been accustomed to pleasing perfumes and fine linen ; she resolved , therefore , to seek hospitality of the priest . ” the shore , but without effort , without shock , as lips	74.87690734863281
touch lips ; and he entered the grotto amidst continued strains of most delicious melody . pleasure that things should be so . ” protested against showing himself in a ministerial box , declaring that his political principles , and his parliamentary position as member of the opposition party would not permit him so to commit himself ; the baroness had , therefore , despatched a note to lucien debray , bidding him call for them , it being wholly impossible for her to go alone with eugénie to the opera . you , day by day , your actions from your entrance to the service of the cardinal to this evening . ” man ! country where he must be very much talked of , and i	187.4834747314453
know that his armaments against france greatly engage the attention of your friend the cardinal . ” successful ? ” ! ” exclaimed the young man , in a transport of joy . the queen , “ never ! ” at the coach door ; the coachman took care of his horses , the lackey held the saddlehorses . ” cried albert , “ you must have been a very entertaining companion alone , or all but alone , with a beautiful woman in such a place of sentiment as the colosseum , and yet to find nothing better to talk about than the dead ! replied athos . a knot of straw in his hat . ” first part of this precious manuscript which we offer to	77.1475830078125
our readers , restoring it to the title which belongs to it , and entering into an engagement that if ( of which we have no doubt ) this first part should obtain the success it merits , we will publish the second immediately . shall find a house at which we can demand aid and a village from which we can fetch a priest . ” mme . narrow ; a stretch of smooth turf extended down the middle , and at the corners were clumps of trees with thick and <unk> foliage , that made a background for the shrubs and flowers . young general , already made so famous by the battles of rocroy , <unk> , and nordlingen . active army , went to	206.27540588378906
the frontier with his regiment , and was at the battle of <unk> . useless . at each other with an air of stupefaction . sir , ” asked the baroness , “ that you are improving ? ? grimaud . to monsieur de la fere , or , on the honor of a gentleman , i ’ ll kill you ! ” michon , monsieur ? ” said madame de chevreuse , trying to read in athos ’ s eyes . abbé , “ listen to what i have to say . ” , ” said m. de tréville ; “ and if at the expiration of ten minutes you do not see me come out , return to my hôtel , for it will be useless	29.15361976623535
for you to wait for me longer . ” ? ” a steed which was the observed of all <unk> . , ” exclaimed d ’ avrigny . ” cried a voice , “ that i am not too old yet for a man of action . ” . ” , my lord ; don ’ t be uneasy . ’ i will listen , monsieur , for i am most curious to hear what explanation you will give . further ? last word with such a man . your house , sir , ” said the young man ; “ because then i knew not who you were . ” d ’ artagnan ; “ on this side i think the cardinal will be well <unk> ”	37.030513763427734
he pressed the hand of the lord of pierrefonds and went in search of athos . ? he said . london . ” order to follow valentine in thought at every hour in the day , had he made her describe the whole house , that without having seen it he knew it all . and fell asleep with a smile upon her lips . ” that is not bad ! ” said lucien . leave this chamber , understand , john , ” continued the baron . do with the child ? ” asked monte cristo . , i tell you . lemonade of which you partook ? ” ” replied the latter , “ three musketeers and a guardsman laid a wager with monsieur de busigny	54.08885955810547
that they would go and breakfast in the bastion st. gervais ; and while breakfasting they held it for two hours against the enemy , and have killed i don ’ t know how many rochellais . ” ” said porthos , “ what then ? ” to try to find out milady . consequences of the murder ; they see neither the police commissary with his badge of office , nor the corporal with his four men ; and so the poor fools believe that the whole thing is as easy as lying . economy i could manage it with two thousand livres . ” going to athos is useless and absurd ; but still i owe this courtesy to my old friend , a man who	110.4948501586914
had in him material for the most noble and generous of characters . ” gaetano had related this previous to proposing the expedition , franz would have hesitated , but now that they had started , he thought it would be cowardly to draw back . ” said albert , interrupting her , “ that i know what you were about to say . ” ” said andrea , and he read by the light of his <unk> : which he was in the habit of constantly drinking , —for since his sojourn at the kiosk he had been parched by the most violent fever , —after which she anointed his white beard with perfumed oil , and lighted his chibouque , which he sometimes <unk> for hours	117.6008529663086
together , quietly watching the wreaths of vapor that ascended in spiral clouds and gradually melted away in the surrounding atmosphere . her senses we were before the seraskier . return . ” count , ” said albert . made an error in his calculations if he now found cause to blame himself . time of war between the catholics and the huguenots , and as he saw the catholics exterminate the huguenots and the huguenots exterminate the <unk> in the name of <unk> adopted a mixed belief which permitted him to be sometimes catholic , sometimes a huguenot . d ’ artagnan , “ when our embassy is <unk> ” madame de chevreuse , “ you must excuse me , but i long to know to whom	142.8467559814453
i am talking . ” they both exclaimed at once . said the young man . with astonishment ; he spoke with so much simplicity that it was evident he spoke the truth , or that he was mad . useful , so i took them . ” , the young man found his mother , who was waiting for him with the famous recipe of which the counsels we have just repeated would <unk> frequent employment . preparatory to the count ’ s arrival , to relate many particulars respecting him to madame danglars . de bragelonne ? ” inquired athos , in a tremulous voice . name , my lord , ” replied felton , “ will you sign it all the same ? ” de	54.97952651977539
winter , laughing , “ that beautiful hair so skillfully disheveled , that white skin , and that languishing look , have not yet seduced you , you heart of stone ? ” gloomy , and villefort saw the dim gray light shine upon the lines he had traced in red ink . which the queen had sent him , he placed it in the hands of the priest who accompanied juxon . was scarcely a man , <unk> , natural , eloquent with that eloquence of the heart never found when sought for ; full of affection for everybody , because he was happy , and because happiness renders even the wicked <unk> his affection even to his judge , spite of villefort ’ s severe look	180.4501495361328
and stern accent . heaven , sir , ” cried she , “ what means all that is passing ? after her at boulogne . what illustrious visitor was expected , and had consequently sent intruders out of the way . three friends had reloaded their arms ; a second discharge followed the first . ” continued morrel , “ in these days no one can disappear by violent means without some inquiries being made as to the cause of her disappearance , even were she not a young , beautiful , and adorable creature like valentine . excellent ones , which would be universally preferred to all others if once known . has become queen of paris , <unk> interim , and since she could not venture	151.09425354003906
at once to establish herself in the palais royal or the tuileries , she is installed at the hotel de ville , where she is on the point of giving an heir or an heiress to that dear duke . ” i am not mad . , madame danglars demanded , “ is this true ? ” voice : now . with one of those terrible expressions peculiar to her countenance , and which so rarely failed of their effect ; anger made her eyes flash in the darkness . his mouth watered . in the gallery to make people believe that he was walking about , but he had with him a waxlight , to help him to explore his mysterious strong box . me he had	101.4006118774414
become entirely paralyzed , and that all his faculties were completely destroyed ? ” , ” he exclaimed , in a languid voice , leaning back in his easy-chair . ” said m. morrel , “ i am not angry , quite the contrary , and i do not send you away ; but i have no more ships , and therefore i do not want any sailors . ” minutes , passed thus , then ten more , and at last the clock struck the half-hour . ! ” exclaimed albert , so overcome he could scarcely speak ; “ it is not the same with you and me—you can not have made the same resolution i have , for i have come to warn you that	56.176856994628906
i bid adieu to your house , <unk> to you . ” discuss the matter with the queen . ” one of them ; the handkerchief was thrown down , and the iron-heeled shoe replaced on the foot of the wretch to whom it belonged . to you that i have not . ” door , leading to the gallery , ready to rush out ; but he was stopped short , and he stood with his body a little thrown back , pale , and with the useless knife in his clenched hand . say to this ? ” asked franz . ” gold aramis raised his eyes and porthos started . two unfortunate beasts , who had not eaten anything since the morning , made such	70.72054290771484
a noise in raising and letting fall the knocker that the procurator ordered his errand boy to go and inquire in the neighborhood to whom this horse and mule belonged . but ascend and descend the steps which led to the chapel ; at night , in addition to <unk> and <unk> , they were further obliged to leap twenty times out of their beds and prostrate themselves on the floor of their cells . that he would provide for him so that he should never want for anything in future . be a very happy one , ” said the count , as if speaking to himself . added : the rue des fossoyeurs . thou do as thou didst to the first man ? ” said	118.0750961303711
porthos . . but yet it seems to me a shocking thing that a mere joke should lead to such consequences . ” time ; look. ” monte cristo took the pistols he held in his hand when mercédès entered , and fixing an ace of clubs against the iron plate , with four shots he successively shot off the four sides of the club . one forget the happiest days of flowery youth , one ’ s dearest friends , the dangers we have dared together ? first time you have ever been there , dantès ? ” : i think ? ” musketeers , d ’ artagnan felt completely solitary . aid . ” only to fall into the cavalcanti . ” s eyes and he	129.59933471679688
leaped lightly to his saddle . . ” to mousqueton recurred to his mind and with greater force because mousqueton , though he did not himself wait on the table , which would have been beneath him in his new position , appeared at the door from time to time and evinced his gratitude to d ’ artagnan by the quality of the wine he directed to be served . avoided the monk by the whole width of the road and passed him , turning his head away in <unk> . against the mantelpiece ; a table was between him and d ’ artagnan . terrifies me . ” and gave it to grimaud , who tied la ramee in such a way as to satisfy him .	79.0008544921875
besides , her majesty had said , ‘ ladies , wait for me , ’ and she did not dare to disobey the queen . ” chapter lxii . than yours , it ’ s true , but , bah ! , belongs not to him ; it is mine , in return for my having myself saved him from death . ” here . ” ground , her head resting on the knees of a man , who was seated by her ; as he raised his head , the woman ’ s face became visible . aramis , “ beaten by fate ! ” , must be , since the husband of the son ’ s mother is . ” of your king . , undeceive	57.969112396240234
him , i beg , and tell him i am nothing of the kind . ” be secret , my good monsieur ? ” said the old man . ” replied athos , with his gentlemanly air ; “ let us talk of something else , if you please . the better . were on board , but the embarkation of the horses was a longer matter than that of the men , and it was eight o ’ clock before they raised anchor . words and let go the ladies , who thanked d ’ artagnan with an eloquent look . speak thus , ” said the abbé ; “ and perhaps i may , in my own person , be able to prove to you how	44.046424865722656
completely you are in error . ” his repugnance to mordaunt , walked with him upon the deck and invented a hundred stories to make him talk . caderousse had forgotten , had not forgotten him , and at his death he bequeathed this diamond to him . ’ minutes in the cavern , the atmosphere of which was rather warm than damp , dantès ’ eye , habituated as it was to darkness , could pierce even to the remotest angles of the cavern , which was of granite that sparkled like diamonds . . ” that your lordship means ? ” england as well as in france , ” said athos . , ” athos replied , “ but you said a word the other day	107.1983871459961
that was more than <unk> was noble and generous . this moment , and perhaps it is already too late . ” a brother ? ” said felton . other , —he was made to take an oath , and did so , but with such an ill grace that it was really tempting providence to swear thus , and yet , in spite of that , the general was allowed to depart <unk> free . said aramis , “ do not expect to find anything in abbeville . to our readers that d ’ artagnan thought nothing about him in any way ; or that if he did think of him , it was only to say to himself that he was very well where he was	65.40359497070312
, wherever it might be . state prevents our speaking to him on any subjects , which the weakness of his mind would <unk> him from understanding , and i am perfectly convinced that at the present time , although , he knows that his granddaughter is going to be married , m. noirtier has even forgotten the name of his intended <unk> ” m. de villefort had scarcely said this , when the door opened , and barrois appeared . after my death the command <unk> on you as mate , assume the command , and bear up for the island of elba , disembark at porto-ferrajo , ask for the grand-marshal , give him this <unk> they will give you another letter , and charge you	100.01712799072266
with a commission . will go out with my hands in my pockets , that nothing may be suspected . pale moon , hidden momentarily by masses of dark clouds that were sweeping across the sky , whitened the gravel walks that led to the house , but were unable to pierce the obscurity of the thick <unk> , in which a man could conceal himself without any fear of discovery . of twenty-five or twenty-six years , with dark hair , blue eyes , and a nose slightly turned up , admirable teeth , and a complexion <unk> with rose and <unk> . companion on the journey , sir , ” cried raoul . map ? ” island of monte cristo ? ” she , “ i	87.80899810791016
did all for the best ! avrigny reflected a moment ; then approaching noirtier : said he , “ an order has come to conduct you to london without stopping day or night . will confine myself ( if perfectly agreeable to you ) to introducing you to the baroness <unk> my impatience , my dear count , but a client like you is almost like a member of the family . ” the fair unknown would reply in the same manner . said caderousse ; “ but you pay the score . ” least attention to him , and entering the king ’ s room , followed by his companion : lead the conversation to a subject which might possibly clear up his doubts . should drink	84.97021484375
to their health in their favorite wine . i am , ” added the king , taking a handful of gold from la chesnaye , and putting it into the hand of d ’ artagnan . not meddle with what we are discussing , for that requires all one ’ s wit and cool judgment . ” syllable of your embarrassment to me , when he knows that , alone and isolated as i am , i seek every opportunity of making the acquaintance of my neighbors . captain , ” said he , “ come here , that i may <unk> at you . have you done to him ? ” , ” said porthos , quite beside himself , “ the truth is that we were	57.098663330078125
six against six . resumed aramis , that he might perfectly understand , “ ‘ the two hands are indispensable for priests of the inferior orders , when they bestow the benediction . ’ ” majesty ’ s place , ” said gondy , coldly , “ i should not hesitate ; i should release broussel . ” explanation , do you not ? ” to lord de winter all these frightful secrets which he has discovered , one after another , by a train of <unk> . ? ” strangers had departed , franz was on the road to the piazza di spagna , listening with studied indifference to the learned dissertation delivered by albert , after the manner of pliny and <unk> , touching the <unk>	107.90950775146484
nets used to prevent the ferocious beasts from springing on the spectators . one yonder of a gascon look . contained : taste in your theological style . as if his feet had been rooted to the ground ; then he put the butt of his carbine to his shoulder , took aim at the ravisher , followed him for a second in his track , and then fired . ’ artagnan , ” said comminges , showing half of his body through the window of the broken vehicle , “ thanks , my young friend ; your <unk> i may mention it to the queen . ” honor ! ” cried his majesty ’ s guardsman . the equipments ? ” , however certain success might <unk>	103.92169189453125
to the precautions taken , and above all to the dyke , which prevented the entrance of any vessel into the besieged <unk> <unk> might last a long time yet . galop , so that you will owe no ill-will to signor luigi , who has , indeed , throughout this whole affair acted like a gentleman . ” have but to say the word , and i will spare you all uneasiness by presenting my letter of credit to one or other of these two <unk> . ” here , then . ” from him instantly four thousand piastres , and give them to the bearer . aramis ? ” laporte , the confidential valet of the queen . cried , wringing her beautiful hands , “	114.30318450927734
what ! count upon many such subjects as yourself for his flight ? ” , his life must have become a hateful burden , nor would he have participated in your griefs . <unk> to sell the country house that i wish to purchase , monsieur ? ” asked monte cristo . with the coadjutor , whom i met last night at madame de rambouillet ’ s and whom i found particular in his remarks respecting me . ” there are traitors here ; but by the holy name of the virgin , i swear that no one is more devoted to your majesty than i am . was tremulous with anger . ” said richelieu . to have a mute in my service , so learning the	106.52938079833984
day his tongue was cut out , i went to the bey , and proposed to give him for ali a splendid <unk> gun , which i knew he was very desirous of having . its victims to be seen with their limbs distorted and their flesh lacerated by torture , so madness is always concealed in its cell , from whence , should it depart , it is conveyed to some gloomy hospital , where the doctor has no thought for man or mind in the mutilated being the jailer <unk> to him . , and athos did the same . alone , remained silent , face to face . his age , how deep in love i was with a grecian statue which our good king	209.02920532226562
, then henry iv. , gave my father , <unk> that i was mad with grief when they told me that the story of <unk> was nothing but a fable . ” , my sister . by <unk> , like a <unk> . on his foot and porthos began to understand that this was merely acting . and act so that we may from time to time hear you spoken of . said ? ” inquired athos . answer any questions your excellency may address to me . ” ” said the count to his companion , “ we shall be there . ” your recompense , ’ said the traveller , offering the young herdsman some small pieces of money . desire to study this living <unk>	74.92340850830078
more closely , and to endeavor to understand the secret part played by these <unk> when they occupy themselves simply with pulling different pieces of string . ” the two fugitives to the end of their journey ? ” said athos . <unk> , <unk> <unk> ( properly speaking not a jessamine at all ) has yellow blossoms . what is this condition ? ” bring with you the whole army . without pity : to the wounded man to announce that they were followed by the priest . that which , since i have known you , have suffered by you and for you , i conjure you , if you have any care for my repose , to <unk> those great armaments which you are preparing	124.990234375
against france , to put an end to a war of which it is publicly said religion is the ostensible cause , and of which , it is generally whispered , your love for me is the concealed cause . been consumed in this undertaking , the only tools for which had been a chisel , a knife , and a wooden lever ; faria still continuing to instruct dantès by conversing with him , sometimes in one language , sometimes in another ; at others , relating to him the history of nations and great men who from time to time have risen to fame and <unk> the path of glory . allow me to send baptistin to inquire after someone you know ? ” be confessed	204.45156860351562
in his justification that the first use he made of his influence over kitty was to try and find out what had become of mme . ” asked blaisois , stupefied by this <unk> , delivered with an air of profound sagacity , “ will they be of your opinion ? ” . ” murmured bonacieux , rolling his eyes round in astonishment . surface , struggled with the last desperate effort of a drowning man , uttered a third cry , and felt himself sinking , as if the fatal cannon shot were again tied to his feet . startling revelation was to follow this ominous prelude . the queen , “ a few years ago i had around me <unk> , treasures , armies ; and	129.19955444335938
by the lifting of a finger all these were busied in my service . that milady had been ; he rose , dignified and calm , restraining by the severity of his look the wild glance of the young man . the count , “ you know that you are now in france , and are free . ” that ? ” asked the guide in astonishment . fear that the punishment inflicted upon ravaillac may deter anyone who might entertain the idea of imitating him ? ” a word to anybody , and began to reflect . you . ” no more money . ” aiguillon ? ” ” he observed , “ i see that in spite of the reputation which you have acquired as a	66.33833312988281
superior man , you look at everything from the material and vulgar view of society , beginning with man , and ending with <unk> is to say , in the most <unk> , most narrow view which it is possible for human understanding to embrace . ” distance of fifty feet ; but it appears that this edmond <unk> ” dining-room before described , where the statues had baskets on their heads always filled with fruits and flowers . although in all probability her heart beat somewhat faster than usual , went out in her turn . with some of course , ” replied monte cristo . ” he cried , passing the bottle to porthos , “ we are <unk> bark is supplied with provisions . ”	145.63096618652344
i offer you , and is it not an easy thing , since it is only to do thus ? herblay ! ” cried athos ; “ such proposals are not to be made to gentlemen such as these . ” replied planchet ; “ but i wanted first to see if thou <unk> grown proud . ” in all this , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ we do not think of the queen . to be married ? ” me and those gentlemen for monsieur groslow . ” . whistled through the <unk> branches , and yet the drops fell from my forehead . , ” replied caderousse ; “ though once , i confess , i envied him his good fortune . d ’	50.62856674194336
artagnan , “ then we must stop ! or in the court , if you like , —that is the surest place . ” guard before my husband , who is rather shrewd , notwithstanding his seventy-six years . ” monte cristo ; “ has it not been agreed that i should take you with me , and did i not tell you yesterday to prepare for departure ? ” your wife , i tell you , ” repeated d ’ artagnan ; “ only reflect how much the two descriptions resemble each other . ” ” without being perceived by her . were the daughter of a banker , he might take an interest in the house of the father-in-law of his son ; then again ,	56.23662185668945
if he disliked his choice , the major takes the key , <unk> his coffer , and master andrea would be obliged to live like the sons of a parisian family , by <unk> cards or rattling the dice . ” francs . ” attention , and yet it was easily to be perceived , whatever effort she made to conceal her impressions , that this recital was not agreeable to her . ’ artagnan had been cautious with respect to handkerchiefs with arms on them , and he therefore placed in the pocket of mme . to be thwarted ; he , like porthos , has obliged his <unk> to call him ‘ my lord , ’ and to <unk> his <unk> place by the name of	119.84680938720703
chateau . believed him to be dead , and left him very quiet on the field of battle , not thinking it worth the trouble to carry him away . , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ from behind which the rochellais annoyed our workmen . ” lip of eugénie . <unk> is , <unk> livres of income , —a fortune such as i wish i had myself , and you are not satisfied ! ’ , who does not know when to sleep at the proper time . not come to visit the comte de la fere , but the comte de la fere will be sent for to visit him . ” ” d ’ artagnan replied . with an inconceivable address and marvellous rapidity	84.12480926513672
, without the police interfering in the matter . i will not thus waste your time . the letter to lord de winter and he has read it , you will further say to him : <unk> over his grace lord buckingham , for they wish to assassinate <unk> . have died of hunger . ” ” said planchet , “ i will succeed or i will consent to be cut in quarters ; and if they do cut me in quarters , be assured that not a morsel of me will speak . ” sure , from the cut of his clothes , they are made by a first-rate paris <unk> blin or humann . just spoken , the hope you have almost given me , will	110.02487182617188
have richly paid <unk> it my life . ” nothing , ” said monte cristo . , in order that your name might become extinct . ” you mean , i suppose ? ” you know anything about him ? ” have no more <unk> more despair ? ” aware of , ” replied the young man , “ unless , indeed , any ill-feeling might have arisen from their being of opposite <unk> father was , as you know , a zealous partisan of the bourbons , while mine was wholly devoted to the emperor ; there could not possibly be any other difference between them . the harnesses against the horse or a hundred pistoles , at your choice . ” ’ épinay ? ” origin	72.65908813476562
of this name ? ” of a thief . ” ? ” the harm mordaunt can do ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . long live the king ! , and go on with your story . ” fulfilment of this engagement is connected with the person of whom we were speaking . ” smile . surprise me . and true in his own nature , that he believed everybody ’ s professions of friendship . a heart that he can not understand hatred ; is so loyal that he does not suspect treason ! you the best place and time . ” been forgotten in our plans , and we have fully ascertained beforehand that valentine ’ s future husband will consent , not to live in	81.09573364257812
this house , for that might not be pleasant for the young people , but that you should live with them ; so that you and valentine , who are so attached to each other , would not be separated , and you would be able to pursue exactly the same course of life which you have hitherto done , and thus , instead of losing , you will be a <unk> by the change , as it will secure to you two children instead of one , to watch over and comfort you . ” . the sum , mother ; the other will be paid in a year . ” morrel , that <unk> ” day or night you may present yourself , remember that i	67.16875457763672
shall be ready to give you absolution . ” majesty will make him come here , will interrogate him yourself , <unk> , without witnesses , and that i shall see your majesty as soon as you have seen the duke . ” dashing against the rocks on which the château is built , reached dantès ’ ear distinctly as they went forward . , mother , ” said friquet , “ but i saw things happen of which master broussel ought to be warned , and so with monsieur bazin ’ s <unk> know , mother , monsieur bazin , the <unk> came to speak to monsieur broussel . ” the attack , if indeed an attack was projected , would be made from the staircase of	101.3430404663086
the ground floor , and not from a window ; in monte cristo ’ s opinion , the villains sought his life , not his money . imprudent step ? . albert , “ but this has nothing to do with the existence of the count of monte cristo . ” that mean ? ” the viscount , grateful for that praise of his son , whilst the prince exclaimed : for the reception of a woman ; and the most finished coquette could not have formed a wish , but on casting her eyes about the apartment , she would have found that wish accomplished . monsieur <unk> his study ! ” villefort pushed , or rather forced , the door open . the procession was obliged	82.87860870361328
to stop . with me , m. de villefort , that general quesnel , whom they believed attached to the usurper , but who was really entirely devoted to me , has perished the victim of a bonapartist ambush ? ” and porthos was inside the carriage . , then , the honor to accompany me ; you and your two friends , and then i shall have an escort to excite envy in his majesty , if we should meet him . ” which i will explain by and by , of making an exception to the usual form of accusation . approach the walls while playing ? ” because cardinal rospigliosi , who had not taken any precaution , was completely despoiled . ” cried athos	94.62814331054688
. where is my sister ? ” asked the prince . trembling hand upon that of the count , mercédès rushed up the stairs and disappeared . an angel ! ” exclaimed the young man . house of monte cristo an hour since , ” said morrel ; “ we were speaking , he of the sorrow your family had experienced , and i of your grief , when a carriage rolled into the courtyard . the cavalcanti ? ” which do not depend upon a man or the issue of an event ; it is to these powers we should rally . ” would do me good . ” followed by a man in a mask . at morcerf , when someone came and whispered a few	66.3189468383789
words to him . enter your room at night ? ” . this enigma . niece , ” continued aramis . bewildered . it becomes the simplest thing in the world ; get me that proof , and i will send him to the bastille . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . expected before one o ’ clock , the procurator ’ s wife had been on the watch ever since midday , reckoning that the heart , or perhaps the stomach , of her lover would bring him before his time . as he is still living , i can write to him and he will send me information on the subject . ” boy , ” replied the old man , “ it is	46.6866569519043
very fortunate . ” she murmured . , to pass on , since it is not with me you have anything to do . ” joy , and he rubbed his hands with delight at the idea of a plan so simple , yet apparently so certain to succeed . lot , i hope to die for the king , for royalty and for god . his hands around his head as though to prevent his very brain from bursting , and exclaimed , “ his father ! great curiosity , and he , not knowing well what to say to this ascending and descending scale , remained <unk> . vast plain like that of some genius of the night ; he passed his hand over his brow	80.9891128540039
, got into the carriage , the door was closed on him , and the vehicle quickly disappeared down the other side of the hill in a whirlwind of dust and noise . sir , ” said franz . said , “ are you in pain ? ” passed by . he , “ but you had another subject for your thoughts ; did you not say so just now ? ” about half an hour ago ; the opportunity is favorable to avoid an explanation . ” we have to do with a gentleman . ” superior of the convent sent to inform the musketeers that the burial would take place at midday . , no , ” cried albert ; “ i came to rome to	47.21884536743164
see the carnival , and i will , though i see it on <unk> . ” results of the painful struggle of civilization in its infancy , when man was learning to control mind , were it even by an emissary from the realms of darkness . , ” he said to the groom . the very midst of this discontented mob just as if his horse and he had been made of iron . a consultation as to the best means of proceeding with the affair . the death of the body i regret ; for is not the destruction of the vital principle , the repose to which everything is <unk> , to which every unhappy being aspires , —is not this the repose of matter	150.50396728515625
after which i so long sighed , and which i was seeking to attain by the painful process of starvation when faria appeared in my dungeon ? by <unk> ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , uneasily . thing before following your advice ; that is , a minister who will hold office for six months . you understand , beauchamp , that we begin our search immediately . by the many storms that have broken over my head , that i am become passive in the hands of the almighty , like a sparrow in the <unk> of an eagle . leaned her beautiful hand upon a <unk> , which hand appeared then like one of wax , and looking at the king with terror in her	127.26275634765625
eyes , she was unable to reply by a single syllable . & french is the only one who , from humanity , or , it may be , <unk> is not for me to read men ’ s <unk> had any pity for me . though i have been trying to find it out for five years , i never found it out . ” violent the king ’ s prejudices were against the queen , and how carefully these prejudices were kept up by the cardinal , who in affairs of intrigue mistrusted women infinitely more than men . she , “ here is a ring of great value , as i have been assured . artagnan used no ceremony with aramis , seeing that bazin	79.59973907470703
forgot to announce him , he announced himself . retire . were calling out , “ stop ! persons ’ dinners ; you ministers give such splendid ones . ” run another risk , ” said the general , laughing , “ that of being <unk> ” we insert this joke to prove that the general was not in the least compelled to attend the meeting , but that he came willingly . one to save the other ? ? ” thou hast risked it , planchet . ; athos never had concerns which all his friends did not know . amélie_ proposed as a place of landing the island of monte cristo , which being completely deserted , and having neither soldiers nor revenue officers , seemed	153.38101196289062
to have been placed in the midst of the ocean since the time of the heathen olympus by mercury , the god of merchants and robbers , classes of mankind which we in modern times have separated if not made distinct , but which antiquity appears to have included in the same <unk> . bank-notes , felt them , counted them , turned pale , then red , then rushed into his room to drink a glass of water , but he had no time to reach the <unk> , and fainted in the midst of his dried herbs . age as he has respected the honor of my family ; if my father had offended him , why did he not attack him personally ? yesterday ’	146.63604736328125
s report ? ” ’ replied the shepherd , with the same air as he would have replied , alexander , king of <unk> . all the courage which he concealed beneath his elegant form and polished manners to bear him so far . d ’ artagnan . voice of la ramee . asked porthos , “ haven ’ t you still in your service your old lackey , that good , that brave , that <unk> , then , is his name ? ” time , madame , ” said the procureur , describing a half-circle with his chair , so as to place himself exactly opposite to madame danglars , — “ it is a long time since i had the pleasure of speaking alone with	69.26292419433594
you , and i regret that we have only now met to enter upon a painful conversation . ” cried morrel , “ when i left her dying ? ” morcerf , “ a baron of a new creation . ” the curate , “ this gentleman and i have come to talk with you a little . ” occupied was a circular space , exposing an iron ring let into a square flag-stone . , and you can understand that if i draw out ten millions on the same day it will appear rather strange to the governor . ” first received these two <unk> athos had never parted with them . . a turn with me and i will explain . ” were ready . mordaunt	86.90604400634766
. the count , “ i was athos . ” you had loved this young dantès , ” observed the abbé , without taking any notice of his companion ’ s vehemence . ’ cried i , ‘ you are an excellent woman , and heaven will bless you . ’ ” you on condition that you let me go . ” both nations , and arrived at boulogne without accident . the bolt grind in the lock and when he was satisfied that he was alone he slowly rose from his <unk> posture . gaetano , lowering his voice , “ i do not know if what they say is true ” —he stopped to see if anyone was near . . ” ? ” at the	64.68991088867188
throat , porthos ; it kills as quickly and prevents all <unk> . ” la ramee . continued d ’ artagnan . bastile , sir , which is so strong and so secure . ” so sure of his being the winner of the jockey club prize ? ” was not of a character to allow a man to escape him thus who had the insolence to ridicule him . friquet , suffocating ; “ ah ! him . monsieur , on guard ! ” ” said d ’ artagnan to himself . dead ? ” been accustomed to do , they had recourse to m. de tréville , who made some advances on their pay ; but these advances could not go far with three musketeers who	91.0917739868164
were already much in <unk> and a guardsman who as yet had no pay at all . to accompany him ? ” him , for otherwise he would not have been able to enter by the small aperture which led to dantès ’ chamber . the island of elba , my brother instantly joined the army , was slightly wounded at waterloo , and retired with the army beyond the loire . ” one for all . ” horseback and three who have dismounted . ” have you made me for all the submission and obedience i have evinced ? <unk> whatever . our brave captain leclere . ” gently . too good . ” planchet ; the more ill will i have toward monsieur bonacieux , the	140.57815551757812
more punctual i shall be in keeping the appointment made by that letter which makes you so uneasy . ” of porthos upon condition that he should only be clothed and lodged , though in a handsome manner ; but he claimed two hours a day to himself , <unk> to an employment which would provide for his other wants . them such great hearts as yours . conti , the duc de longueville , the duc de beaufort , the duc de bouillon , the marechal de la <unk> , the marquis de <unk> , and i don ’ t know who , for my part . ” commands , my lord , ” he said . , ” murmured the pilot , “ you should not	54.023658752441406
have done so ; our master will scold us for it . ” pronounced by athos , each with a sadder intonation . the englishman with a laugh , “ does not do things in that way . ” aramis stood still . a friend—— ” of the sentinels guarding the hôtel de ville , which is next door to the bell and bottle , it had been stated by others that a number of travellers had arrived during the night . , and all comes right to those who know how to wait patiently . then , my father , ” he said , extending his hand to morrel , “ die in peace , my father ; i will live . ” dictionary . my master	78.80201721191406
has ordered his horses at eight o ’ clock precisely . ” were called when your honored brother married us ? changed your mind , ” added morcerf , “ or have you only provoked my request that you may have the pleasure of seeing me humbled ? ” <unk> man , or better versed in these matters , he would have been surprised at the king ’ s procureur answering him on such a subject , instead of referring him to the <unk> of the prison or the prefect of the department . mademoiselle eugénie yesterday ? give you any <unk> ” dantès , trained in discipline , knew that nothing would be more absurd than to question subordinates , who were forbidden to reply ; and	139.6770477294922
so he remained silent . indeed exacting , my dear fellow ! ” tell captain gaumard of his good luck , and to offer him employment from his new master . ? ” cried jussac . lily , or a sweet rose , you had to search for it , concealed in some corner behind a mother with a <unk> , or an aunt with a <unk> . doubt , some order from the cardinal about you ? ” , you will return to england ? ” am a soldier and have to obey <unk> have taken an oath to obey , and i do obey ; but you who have taken no such oath , why are you here and what cause do you represent ? ”	102.78254699707031
tonight . ” ” times , as i think , when i have waited for my wife at the wicket of the louvre to escort her home . ” no anxiety . when i was grafting a <unk> . ” long murmur of astonishment . by that veiled lady i met you with the other sunday , near the gate st. honoré . ” i have left in the world , ” he said , “ out of an immense fortune . athos ; “ i thought it looked much the same as usual . ” said the coadjutor . as he knew well , to confine for the whole of his life the grandson of henry iv. , especially when this young prince was scarcely thirty years	61.98137283325195
of age . go incognito , count , under the name of marie michon . ” me so <unk> <unk> ? ” asked the young greek . two , ” said aramis . accomplice to all <unk> and purposes . to seek or to apprehend and they passed rapidly to examine the third compartment . past been recalled ? ” cried villefort ; “ how is it that it has escaped from the depths of the tomb and the recesses of our hearts , where it was buried , to visit us now , like a phantom , <unk> our cheeks and flushing our brows with shame ? ” compliments of those who were present in his own way , and whilst the conversation became general he looked	100.0588150024414
earnestly at athos . him ? ” for this poor captain of musketeers , to be paid whenever his services shall no longer be acceptable to your majesty . ” accursed woman ! ” cried the baron ; “ your prayer is so much the more generous from your being , i swear to you , in the power of a man who will never pardon you ! ” and he went out . , a man we are ordered to keep the most strict watch over , as he is daring and resolute . ” word , hastened to the stone that closed up the entrance to their grotto , drew it away , made a sign to the fugitive to take refuge there , in a	68.85026550292969
retreat unknown to everyone , closed the stone upon him , and then went and resumed his seat by teresa . , but grimaud did not give a single moan . by a single family , the room door was <unk> with glass ; but it was locked , maximilian was shut in , and it was impossible to see what was passing in the room , because a red curtain was drawn before the glass . on the bed ; i think i shall feel better there . ” run along the <unk> and—— ” on the spot named . conscience with them , as with us . ” artagnan is a very brave man , mother , ” said the young king . adieu ! ”	73.6474609375
was not the most advantageous and the most agreeable of all <unk> ! ” one who had more than any contributed to the death of my father , ” said haydée , in a tone of <unk> anger . to your beautiful duchess ; i will detain you no longer . ” dost thou run about the tops of houses at seven o ’ clock of the morning in the month of january ? ” not have forced me to come . procureur should stop there ; she would see him the next day , and if she could not make him fail in his duties as a magistrate , she would , at least , obtain all the indulgence he could allow . and then , with	71.59728240966797
the tenacity peculiar to prophets of bad news , the failure was put off until the end of september . cardinal spada ’ s secretary ; i was arrested , why , i know not , toward the beginning of the year 1811 ; since then i have demanded my liberty from the italian and french government . ” said albert . third look of still increasing wonder . the count , in a somewhat forced tone , “ that may be easily explained ; the comtesse de morcerf , who is aristocracy and <unk> itself , does not relish the idea of being allied by your marriage with one of ignoble birth ; that is natural enough . ” find them instantly , and let all be	121.5292739868164
done tonight ! of course not . athos . , clinging to the curtain ; he uttered the most dreadful sob which ever escaped from the bosom of a father abandoned at the same time by his wife and son . beauchamp arrived ; he had seen château-renaud , who had promised to be in the orchestra before the curtain was raised . ” said he . from a superior would retain me in paris . ” struck me , always struck me ! the evening visit was over , but he was afraid that the governor would change his mind , and order the dead body to be removed earlier . ” said caderousse with a sigh , “ it is easy to perceive i am not	78.38509368896484
a rich man ; but in this world a man does not <unk> the better for being <unk> ” the abbé fixed on him a searching , penetrating glance . yourself to your sister , the queen ? ” asked the girl . half a league out at sea , and to which _la jeune amélie_ replied by a similar signal , indicated that the moment for business had come . a small quantity of rum formed his supper , and he snatched a few hours ’ sleep , lying over the mouth of the cave . strange fancy , which was always to believe that the causes of his sadness created the gaiety of others . seen seated on a fence had got down , and was	115.12010192871094
still pacing the street ; but , strange as it appeared , he cared not for those who might pass from the avenue of the champs-élysées or by the faubourg saint-honoré ; his attention was engrossed with what was passing at the count ’ s , and his only aim appeared to be to discern every movement in the dressing-room . ” said he , “ is what you sent me for . ” to the authorities at paris , and a week after he was carried off . ” ” said d ’ artagnan . to the shore ; but when they touched him , although under jacopo ’ s directions , he declared , with heavy groans , that he could not bear to be moved	60.42732238769531
. you to observe that i ask you absolutely nothing . , do you not ? —or , rather , you remember it ? . ” letter to the hollow of a tree , to the wing of a <unk> , to the collar of a dog . ” cross . ” nodded to albert , then remained a moment absorbed in deep meditation . ” , ” said the italian , bowing . ” replied the gascon . command , my lord , ” returned d ’ artagnan . ” of being calmed by the soft picture , uttered a groan and fainted . . air possible , and conversed with more than her usual brilliancy . where he is , ” said d ’ artagnan .	42.31075668334961
, monsieur mouston . ” seems to be going to see the queen of england . made up your mind to this journey ? ” the count ’ s courtesy , and ordered the horses to be harnessed , while they substituted evening dress for that which they had on , and which was somewhat the worse for the numerous <unk> they had sustained . more perfect than her acting ? ” the cardinal will make . put themselves into saddle with their companions , and all four set forward ; athos upon a horse he owed to a woman , aramis on a horse he owed to his mistress , porthos on a horse he owed to his procurator ’ s wife , and d ’ artagnan	91.53703308105469
on a horse he owed to his good <unk> best mistress possible . merchant service , had he ever served in the marines ? ” one of my friends ? ” replied d ’ artagnan , affecting hesitation in order to make her believe him ignorant . old man stopped her . she , “ listen to me . ” was almost dead when you arrived . ” ran up the two flights to athos ’ s apartment , and knocked at the door enough to break it down . ” valentine groaned . very simple means , very <unk> ” , or have never been outside the harbor , you must know . ” ” cried the marquise . to go to the window , but he	72.30807495117188
dared not . the policy of despotic governments to suffer the victims of their persecutions to reappear . his own room ; and after asking bernouin , who stood at the door , whether anything had occurred during his absence , and being answered in the negative , he desired that he might be left alone . <unk> by two or three years , and if i am not mistaken i am turned forty years old . ” feeling was of joy at again breathing the pure <unk> air is freedom ; but he soon sighed , for he passed before la réserve , where he had that morning been so happy , and now through the open windows came the laughter and revelry of a ball .	133.76370239257812
hastily accused your majesty ’ s musketeers , toward whom he is unjust , and that he has not obtained his information from good sources . ” of them ; only a letter , all perfumed and of an elegant writing in small characters , had come for aramis . of access , sir ; for yesterday , if my memory does not deceive me , you were at my house . ” jailer ’ s taste , as it spared him the necessity of making another trip . andrea , with an embarrassed air , “ i was in the south of france . ” ? ” asked porthos , “ what are they firing at now ? the abbé busoni ; and abbés who give diamonds	106.03585815429688
worth two thousand louis are rare . then ? ” perceived , and yet , to his praise we speak it , he did not hesitate a second . ; and already , at the cry of “ _moccoletti_ ! ” repeated by the shrill voices of a thousand <unk> , two or three stars began to burn among the crowd . have to know me yet . me , that poor monsieur maillard , ‘ go find the coadjutor , friquet , and if you bring him to me you shall be my <unk> ’ say , then , father <unk> heir of monsieur maillard , the giver of holy water at saint eustache ! ? ” said valentine , raising her eyes to heaven and sighing	131.09429931640625
. your theatres , by what at least i could judge by reading the pieces they play , they see persons swallow the contents of a phial , or suck the button of a ring , and fall dead instantly . , ” replied the young man , bowing . the doctor , “ is it you ? ” <unk> , dresses , jewels , linen , money , all were arranged in the drawers , and the countess was carefully collecting the keys . danglars , “ i find you did not even pause <unk> ” ” interrupted beauchamp ; “ are there any materials for an article in what you are going to tell us ? ” all gone off ? ” joy ; the only	88.16153717041016
moments of sadness i had known since the assassination of the procureur were caused by the recollection that i had abandoned this child . also , winter ? ” inquired the king . monsieur the principal has proposed to me the following subject , which has not yet been treated upon , and in which i perceive there is matter for magnificent <unk> ‘ <unk> <unk> in <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> . ’ ” ” he at length muttered , “ do you see ? ” when they find that they are not in sufficient force , ” said the comte de la fere . ? ” to be enjoyed in his forthcoming <unk> bright , pure gleam of heavenly happiness it <unk> over the almost deadly	101.49750518798828
<unk> in which he had voluntarily engaged , illumined his whole countenance with a look of ineffable joy and calmness , as , immediately after villefort ’ s departure , his thoughts flew back to the cheering prospect before him , of tasting , at least , a brief respite from the fierce and stormy passions of his mind . , and while his companion was dipping the fingers with which he had touched the lips of the corpse in <unk> of <unk> , he uncovered the calm and pale face , which looked like that of a sleeping angel . refuse to dine with him ? ” said old dantès ; “ and did he invite you to dine ? ” on board , and he was	112.22129821777344
so anxious to arrive at elba , that he would not touch at any other port , his disorder rose to such a height , that at the end of the third day , feeling he was dying , he called me to him . punctuality ! ” said andrea , throwing himself into a chair in a manner which implied that he would rather have flung it at the head of his host . man , and repent . ” been men who suffered more than you . ” as calm as ever , went into his office as usual , came to his breakfast punctually , and then , after dinner , he placed his daughter beside him , took her head in his arms ,	70.60625457763672
and held her for a long time against his bosom . , but they were <unk> to the wood , and it would have required a <unk> to take them off . cried d ’ artagnan , at last , furious , “ very well , since you wish it , let us leave our bones in this beggarly land , where it is always cold , where fine weather is a fog , fog is rain , and rain a <unk> ; where the sun represents the moon and the moon a cream cheese ; in truth , whether we die here or elsewhere matters little , since we must die . ” d ’ épinay to noirtier , “ since you are well acquainted with all	98.56891632080078
these details , which are attested by honorable signatures , <unk> you appear to take some interest in me , although you have only manifested it hitherto by causing me sorrow , refuse me not one final <unk> me the name of the president of the club , that i may at least know who killed my father . ” he never liked me since the day when i was silly enough , after a little quarrel we had , to propose to him to stop for ten minutes at the island of monte cristo to settle the <unk> proposition which i was wrong to suggest , and he quite right to refuse . for me to distinguish her features , i saw she was from eighteen to	142.96205139160156
nineteen , tall and very fair . him that athos was not in all respects sincere and frank . ” ” said m. d ’ avrigny , “ show yourself a man ; as an interpreter of the law , do honor to your profession by sacrificing your selfish interests to it . ” it . countenance and his lips , awaited the result of the examination . ” , for the same idea had more than once occurred to them . of him for an instant . is often a mysterious guide communicating with the fibres of memory , which in spite of us will arouse them at times ; this thread , like that of <unk> , when once unraveled will conduct one through a labyrinth	123.26756286621094
of thought , in which one loses one ’ s self in endeavoring to follow that phantom of the past which is called recollection . that yesterday i would not take the two hundred francs . ” , and while the most part of the english had quit , or were about to quit , france on account of the war , milady had just been laying out much money upon her residence ; which proved that the general measure which drove the english from france did not affect her . procureur was made up ; he felt assured that benedetto was guilty , and he hoped by his skill in conducting this aggravated case to flatter his self-love , which was about the only vulnerable point left	160.0381622314453
in his frozen heart . and reasonable a man , monsieur ! ” said tréville , “ not to accept the proposal i am about to make to you . ” october , morrel , i shall expect you at the island of monte cristo . mother ; you shall have an opportunity of observing her more closely . ” table the papers pointed out , gave them to him who asked for them , bowed to the ground , and retired . exhausted . the antechamber of m. de tréville and the guardroom of the louvre with the accounts of his love scrapes , after having passed from professional ladies to military ladies , from the lawyer ’ s dame to the baroness , there was question	76.9506607055664
of nothing less with porthos than a foreign princess , who was enormously fond of him . ? ” out his watch ; at length it pointed to seven . ! ” exclaimed the young man hastily . . said albert , “ i was not aware that he was a prince . pastrini , ” continued franz , smiling at his friend ’ s susceptibility . his queen , or rather , against her minister . proceed a hundred steps without being stopped by sentinels placed before the barricades , who demanded the watchword ; and on their saying that they were going to monsieur de bouillon on a mission of importance a guide was given them under pretext of conducting them , but in fact as	93.48760986328125
a spy over their movements . . ” till tomorrow . ” really are attached to your old mode of dress ; you can easily resume it when you leave paris . ” to suppose such a resemblance should exist between two jewels . ” had asked for leave of absence for five days , and was gone , it was said , to rouen on family business . not ? ” but he had scarcely gone a hundred paces , when a furious fellow , leaning between two soldiers , spat in the king ’ s face , as once an infamous and accursed jew spit in the face of jesus of <unk> . ’ artagnan had been consulting with himself whether he should place confidence in	125.41525268554688
m. de tréville , or whether he should only ask him to give him _carte blanche_ for some secret affair . to ask , sir ; he spoke elegantly , although i thought from his accent he was an englishman . ” a mission . ” liberal papers , but his noble opposition to the wishes of the court is now getting him into favor with the <unk> . said raoul , “ we have done wisely . ” my cries , in spite of my <unk> i began to comprehend that there was a question of something worse than <unk> executioner seized me , threw me on the floor , fastened me with his bonds , and suffocated by sobs , almost without sense , <unk> god	106.93061828613281
, who did not listen to me , i uttered all at once a frightful cry of pain and shame . room ? ” fish ? ” asked danglars . of me to take the tyrant , and now the tyrant is taken . need this annoy you ? ” cried porthos ; “ and what the devil are we going to do in london ? ” him ? ” demanded the chief . to the door were compelled to turn , to avoid a fountain that played in a basin of <unk> , —an ornament that had excited the jealousy of the whole quarter , and had gained for the place the appellation of _the little <unk> . took his hat ; milady gave him her hand	70.5214614868164
to kiss . morrel ; god is speaking to your heart , and your heart speaks to you . the duke , and was retiring . ! ” cried the young man , who uttered these three successive exclamations with constantly increasing force . part , i shall go to bed , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ come , porthos . ” secretaire in its place , and the key in the secretaire . maximilian , “ you are not perhaps aware that i am m. de monte cristo ’ s friend ? ” appear , things were to go on as had been agreed ; mme . one , all the noises in the neighborhood ceased . , the cardinal will send someone to take	54.52419662475586
you away . ” ; the other cavaliers were only twenty steps from them . one then ? ” asked the officer . disappear , and fearing to be surprised in the cavern , left it , his gun in his hand . me ! perceptible nod that he should consent . and energy on the almost magical hospitality he had received from the count , and the magnificence of his entertainment in the grotto of the _thousand and one nights_ . good remembrance of what the youth had been , and was now to find out what the man had become . they bandaged his eyes with a care that showed their apprehensions of his committing some indiscretion . ” , dear friend , ” said athos	85.0276870727539
; “ i foresaw that and have embraced them both from you and myself . ” man , but at the fire which shot from his glance he bent his head ; then , embarrassed how to continue such a conversation , he opened cromwell ’ s letter . for just five minutes , sword in hand , upon this deserted terrace . ” up those stairs . that i should have the honor of seeing your majesty , i encumbered myself with this dress , but you will find me none the less a man devoted to your majesty ’ s service , in whatever way you may see fit to use me . ” , my son , ” said anne of austria . doubtful .	72.04055786132812
of it , i will do what i can to advance his interests . are mistaken . the vessel from a distance , he had not then spoken to anyone . ” ! stay , ’ added la carconte in a tremulous voice ; ‘ we will take every care of you . ’ cried ; “ grimaud ! ” , her resentment will not hold out against such an attention . ” the back stairs , he desired them to wait . will bring us peace ; when we have peace we shall regain paris ; with paris , the bastile , and our four <unk> shall rot therein . ” the king , “ do you believe in the fidelity of yours ? ” thou <unk>	77.69225311279297
seldom , but when thou dost , one must do thee <unk> words are words of gold . ” just made a little excursion to the <unk> <unk> . ” matter ? had anything else to ask for . you , edmond , besides pray and weep ? said aramis , “ it is an absolution according to rule . ” bearing that we are people of condition . ” so curious as that . ” bright , glittering eyes , in which a wild , unearthly fire seems burning , —the same ghastly paleness . quickly as you can ; draw out one of the feet that support the bed ; you will find it has been hollowed out for the purpose of containing a small phial	122.06486511230469
you will see there half-filled with a <unk> <unk> . that point ? ” ? ” ” said rochefort , “ here is a chance which may pair off with the other ! contract just as my dear grandmother was dying . ” quite sure . them to do but to follow the prudent advice of monsieur d ’ arminges and beat a retreat . creation . inquired cromwell . in equal proportions , and formed into pills . find it , ” he cried ; “ you may pretend he is not here , but i _will_ find him , though i dig forever ! ” , and a statement of their route was left for grimaud . you want to purchase my english horse , ”	100.79109191894531
said debray , “ you think he will bear the cold better . ” in spite of the height jumped lightly over it . the floor , and the softest and most inviting <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> , offered their <unk> and yielding cushions to such as desired repose or refreshment . than that , he lets it to the minister of finance while he lives in a simple house . brings me here ? ” steps were heard approaching nearer and nearer ; they were descending the steps leading to the cavern . he was to the work , he had to repeat most of the letters of the alphabet and to find every word in the dictionary , so that it was ten minutes	114.3762435913086
before the thought of the old man was translated by these words , to speak to me , and ask for my assistance , for i was about to form another plan , and leave you ; but your age <unk> me . continued , and it was dreadful to witness . overtake him before we reach <unk> you shall have twenty francs ; if not before louvres , thirty . ” , ” said he , “ and i swear to you by my honor that i will not go hence if we are conquered . ” ” replied franz . her deep mourning dress , and morrel experienced such intense delight in gazing upon her that he felt as if he could almost have dispensed with	76.84329986572266
the conversation of her grandfather . himself on his knees , and stretched out his arm , tried to draw back , then clasping his hands , and raising them with a desperate effort , “ oh , my god , my god ! ” said he , “ pardon me for having denied thee ; thou dost exist , thou art indeed man ’ s father in heaven , and his judge on earth . worthy host , ” said albert , “ <unk> is a sure enemy to <unk> . ” say that , sir ? , do not forget , if any harm happens to me on your account , that i have a wife and four children . ” cross the garden and gain	54.977142333984375
the village on foot . ” said villefort . brought her a handkerchief from her laundress . ” ‘ long live cromwell ! ’ ” room showed that it was the habitation of an abbé . admiration , and said no more about going away . cried milady ; “ i will have ten . ” ! d ’ artagnan out to his master with his finger . ” constance . asked athos . mme . peering through the crevices of the wooden partition , he soon discovered the young girl , who cast aside all her usual precautions and walked at once to the barrier . , that you are thus harsh and cruel with me , because you are expecting someone who is thus attired ;	92.589111328125
but perhaps he whom you await is inconstant , or if he is not , the sea is so to him . ” the deputy procureur ? ” he produce ? ” , but he talked loudly , little caring , we must render him that justice , whether anybody listened to him or not . fire , ” ejaculated mordaunt ; “ i have lighted it . ” tell you that i met m. de morcerf the other day . ” ! in the musketeers and have been so these twenty years . ” place fixed upon , and they leaped lightly into their saddles . sir ? ” replied athos , in his calm , <unk> voice . ” said the abbé , folding his arms	77.5133056640625
. judge ; that is all . villefort is preparing against my amiable <unk> brigand escaped from the gallows apparently . ” him ; but felton called to the officer of the post , and drawing from his pocket the letter of which he was the bearer , he said , “ a pressing message from lord de winter . ” such a spectacle know that there is nothing more solemn , more striking , than the raging sea , rolling , with its deafening roar , its dark billows beneath the pale light of a wintry moon . an anxious and rapid glance over the field of battle . body in his arms and conveyed it to the grotto , while in her turn teresa remained outside	120.75862121582031
. of the bank . from newcastle , and no doubt want to carry off the king . on the <unk> . which , twenty-four years ago , he had been conducted by a silent and nocturnal guard ; the houses , today so smiling and animated , were on that night dark , mute , and closed . that the barrel of a musket which glitters yonder ? ” stammered out villefort , trying to smile ; “ but i can assure you that i had nothing to do with any such proceeding . generous , neither does he possess that supernatural penetration which you attribute to him , for if he did , he would have perceived that i was unhappy ; and if he had	99.32423400878906
been generous , seeing me sad and solitary , he would have used his influence to my advantage , and since , as you say , he resembles the sun , he would have warmed my heart with one of his <unk> rays . the abbé , “ i would speak to you of a large sum , amounting to five millions . ” you really love me ? ” to reform it ? ” you would have heard one of the most illustrious names of england . ” which the conversation we have related took place , the count of monte cristo set out for auteuil , accompanied by ali and several attendants , and also taking with him some horses whose qualities he was desirous of	77.8626708984375
ascertaining . ! ” <unk> has been sent for , who will be tomorrow at the castle , and will return as often as you desire her presence . ” contrary , they met , and it was the viscount himself who conducted him to the bed of the dying man . ” , sir ? young girl fixed her imperious look on the catalan , who , as if fascinated by it , came slowly towards edmond , and offered him his hand . part played by porthos in the duel , it had not made him forget the dinner of the procurator ’ s wife . in the morning they set out . all , ” he said ; “ you can not live upon your	51.449398040771484
fifteen thousand francs . ” athos , to that proposition ? decision is always necessary ; and i inform you with regret that no one becomes a musketeer without the preliminary ordeal of several campaigns , certain brilliant actions , or a service of two years in some other regiment less favored than ours . ” that face by the light of the lantern in his tilbury , or was he merely struck with the horrible appearance of his interrogator ? wonder how a man who can cook thus can complain of hard living . ” urged caderousse . picturesque <unk> you know the catacombs of st. sebastian ? ” . returned the jeweller , giving back the diamond and the ring to caderousse , ‘ no ,	176.5912322998047
it is worth no more , and i am sorry i offered so much , for the stone has a <unk> in it , which i had not seen . shadow appeared in the darkness the outline of which was familiar to d ’ artagnan , and a well-known voice said , “ monsieur , i have brought your cloak ; it is chilly this evening . ” for a doctor ? ” true ! ” said athos . ’ s adventure <unk> the young man . ” under my hand ; i almost possess it . ” the <unk> , the cromwells ? ” behind her , for on the <unk> of a small adjacent hill which cut off the view toward palestrina , he saw a	55.43195724487305
traveller on horseback , stopping a moment , as if uncertain of his road , and thus presenting against the blue sky that perfect outline which is peculiar to distant objects in southern <unk> . i have no sword , ” said the englishman . because i committed the sacrilege of mounting en <unk> behind henry iv . resumed the jesuit , “ st . , monsieur ; i know him better than he knows himself . her to a place of safety , and there , if matters required , make her a hostage . said the count . on the floor , where d ’ artagnan , after giving him just time enough to draw his breath , gagged him with his long scarf ; and	124.93672943115234
the moment he had done so began to undress him with the promptitude and <unk> of a man who had learned his business on the field of battle . ” <unk> , marquise de ganges , was one of the famous women of the court of louis xiv . defer his pursuit till the following day , for many reasons . until the frightful overturn of reason was accomplished ; then uttering a loud cry followed by a burst of laughter , he rushed down the stairs . also , ” replied faria . was now time for him to join in the conversation . lackeys . ” trophies , presenting to view swords of all sorts , and on the walls hung four great pictures representing in	115.56229400634766
their ordinary military costume the cardinal de lorraine , the cardinal de richelieu , the cardinal de la valette , and the archbishop of bordeaux . the presence of the cardinal . of revealing all to her grandmother , and she would not have hesitated a moment , if maximilian morrel had been named albert de morcerf or raoul de château-renaud ; but morrel was of plebeian <unk> , and valentine knew how the haughty marquise de saint-méran despised all who were not noble . , whatever might happen , to be observant of his duty to the king , but particularly to the queen , begging him to convey his desires to his comrades . the girl ; “ saved by the crew of the vessel that	98.43749237060547
has just entered the harbor . ” , ” he replied , “ all will be ready . ” it ? ” seen him before ; and i even think he recognizes me . ” , sir , ” answered the queen . distance ; but it was apparently not heard by the jeweller , caderousse , or la carconte , absorbed as they were all three with the demon of gain . with a foreigner than with a frenchman . coming out . ” in the first room of her apartments , which was the drawing-room . he , when franz had concluded , “ what do you find to object to in all you have related ? ; but with the hope of soon becoming enemies	61.0710334777832
. ” the scriptures , i ask you , that the english are your neighbors ? ” barthois , ” added porthos . became <unk> ” we had forgotten to say that jacopo was a corsican . say one thing , while the heart thinks another , ” murmured edmond . you , count , ” said danglars , “ that i have hitherto imagined myself acquainted with the degree of all the great fortunes of europe , and still wealth such as yours has been wholly unknown to me . father ’ s past history . places where we seem to breathe sadness ? —why , we can not tell . injure both edmond and yourself , had i divulged my own apprehensions to a soul .	120.07550048828125
then . ” was a profound silence in the room when the duke again addressed <unk> “ do you not remember that the duc de guise taught all the dogs in paris to jump for mademoiselle de pons , whom he styled ‘ the <unk> of the fair ? ’ pistache is going to show you how superior he is to all other dogs . continuation of it , and tomorrow i hope you will be satisfied with the <unk> i shall have made in consequence of your advice . ” returned suddenly on the opposite side to that by which he had left ; he made a sign with his head to the sentinel , who , turning to the boat , said , “ _s ’	76.18057250976562
<unk> ” the italian _s ’ <unk> is <unk> ; it means at once , “ come , enter , you are welcome ; make yourself at home ; you are the master. ” it is like that turkish phrase of molière ’ s that so astonished the bourgeois gentleman by the number of things implied in its utterance . , ran to the window , put aside the curtain , and saw him pass , cool and collected , by two or three ill-looking men at the corner of the street , who were there , perhaps , to arrest a man with black whiskers , and a blue frock-coat , and hat with broad brim . left <unk> is my custom in such circumstances . similar	141.6073760986328
letters to that you have yourself received ; one from the house of arstein & eskeles of vienna , to baron rothschild , the other drawn by <unk> of london , upon m. lafitte . each other with an expression of fear . on the contrary , you will give me great pleasure . appears to me to be about as much inclination for the consummation of the engagement in question as there is for my own . . to what you are exposing yourself ? ” said the baroness . it must be admitted , by day than by night . passed on the high road . ” yes , ” motioned the invalid . poor dear man ! said he to d ’ artagnan , “	83.0291976928711
a suggestion . ” aramis , “ bazin is a well trained servant , and seeing that i was not alone he discreetly retired . ! ” returned bertuccio in deep contempt . the count , “ since no one hears me complain . ” they are waiting for the cardinal , or rather for bernouin , who comes to call them when the cardinal goes out . ” come in ! agent when you ask me the question , i believe there is nothing to say against him , and that you will be content with the way in which he has performed his duty . ” holy ground . “ we shall hear nothing but the usual commonplace things . ” this carriage , and that	65.6566390991211
without offering the least resistance , without making the least noise ? ’ ” window , and saw them crossing the street , arm in arm . ” guitant , although your intention was perhaps not very favorable to me , for such an opportunity . ” to see first ? ” asked the abbé . dantès , holding out his hand , “ i thank you again . ” monsieur ; everything is turned <unk> in the world nowadays . ” surrender the harnesses . ” between seven and eight hundred tradesmen had assembled in paris to discuss a new tax which was to be <unk> on house property . and i will hasten to have you furnished with it . ” friend , you know .	89.79818725585938
” ? ” ” said porthos , in the most melancholy tone he could assume , “ when we are about to enter upon a <unk> campaign , in which my presentiments tell me i shall be <unk> ” at the bare idea . so . cane to monsieur de beaufort . i remained for fourteen years within a quarter of a league of you , in a dungeon in the château d ’ if . except the sciences , alleging in this respect the inveterate hatred he had borne to scholars from his childhood . sooner or later , your excellency will find me what i have found you in this my heavy trouble ; and if from the other end of the world you but write	84.05167388916016
me word to do such or such a thing , you may regard it as done , for done it shall be , on the word and faith of—— ” you have ordered your carriage at eight o ’ clock precisely ? ” an answer . ” . exclaimed porthos ; “ there ’ s vulcan foundered . ” his hand , repeated his call . said , a question of arithmetic to cocles , and during twenty years he had always seen all payments made with such exactitude , that it seemed as impossible to him that the house should stop payment , as it would to a miller that the river that had so long turned his mill should cease to flow . was of opinion	129.0231170654297
that the island afforded every possible security , and that great enterprises to be well done should be done quickly . ‘ proud as a gascon , ’ ” replied d ’ artagnan . hurt , for he did not stir from the place where he fell . the young man might be absorbed in these reflections , they were at once dispersed at the sight of the dark frowning ruins of the stupendous colosseum , through the various openings of which the pale moonlight played and flickered like the unearthly gleam from the eyes of the wandering dead . of that ! one of my friends , a sculptor , only we enter by the trap through which he lets down his marble . ” me ?	128.97506713867188
” the diamond is real , and that this gentleman , one of the first jewellers of paris , will give us 50,000 francs for it . ” said villefort , raising his arms to heaven with a threatening gesture . ? ” la ramee began to be uneasy ; “ unless the horses have wings to mount the ramparts and come and fetch you . ” to visit our fine city , my dear count , i can only say that you may command me and mine to any extent you please . ” my good friend . ” remark shows , a man full of <unk> , and in every way fit for his office . wind , and unless it changes we shall be <unk>	68.46147155761719
either to calais or boulogne . , going to the tennis court , found two rows of trees about the size of his little finger planted by the roadside ; he asked what they were for and was told that they were to shade him from the sun on some future day . execution was , in the eyes of the people , only the commencement of the carnival . once , one by d ’ artagnan , the other by the adversary of porthos . should require more , ” continued monte cristo in a careless manner , “ why , of course , i should draw upon you ; but my present intention is not to remain in france more than a year , and during	81.88648986816406
that period i scarcely think i shall exceed the sum i mentioned . he said you would make an excellent steward , i concluded you had <unk> was all . ” ” athos . i will instantly return it to you . surveillance over the duke . cry . struck one when the carriage which conveyed madame de morcerf rolled away on the pavement of the champs-élysées , and made monte cristo raise his head . from her convent . ” in the character of the count ’ s enemy , was less restrained in his answers , they were more numerous ; he described the youth of monte cristo , who he said , at ten years of age , entered the service of one of the	75.65631866455078
petty sovereigns of india who make war on the english . saw him run off from the top of the terrace . ” , or leave it in the hands of the notary ? ” of the yacht ’ s crew . , fernand ? ” he said . ? monte cristo to him , “ i do not recommend my pictures to you , who possess such splendid paintings ; but , nevertheless , here are two by <unk> , a paul <unk> , a <unk> , two by <unk> <unk> , a raphael , a <unk> <unk> , a <unk> , and two or three by <unk> , worth looking at . ” of “ the three musketeers , ” we took leave of d ’	64.96353912353516
artagnan at no . know that , ’ he said , ‘ but give me the particulars . ’ much more enthralling , occupied his mind . ’ artagnan , “ there are two of them , then ! ” or rather the reality , surpassed anything valentine had before experienced ; she began to believe herself really alive and awake , and the belief that her reason was this time not deceived made her shudder . that the cardinal will not enter into negotiations with such men ! ” can never belong to mademoiselle danglars . , and you are as true as the gospel . gentlemen , ” said the queen , “ since it is thus , and since you are willing to devote yourselves	82.6407699584961
to the service of a poor princess whom the whole world has abandoned , this is what is required to be done for me . shall show him how to knock down an ox with a blow of the fist , and i how to trip up a bull by taking him by the horns . my dear boy ; but do you think we ought to accept these 3,000 francs ? ” said mercédès , coloring . deeply than before . , looked around him , and perceived caderousse sitting at table with danglars , under an arbor . not look in that way at me ! though born in paris , i was brought up in corsica . ” which his master and himself had made	93.04914093017578
such an enormous repast , he approached athos and said , showing him the airhole of the cellar : horror , the second indifference , the third curiosity . ” knew you again , kitty ? ” impossible but that master aramis , that <unk> bloodhound , and athos , that wise and prudent nobleman , will discover our retreat . épinay passed for one of the best swordsmen in the army , but he was pressed so closely in the <unk> that he missed his aim and fell . are like prosperous <unk> in one respect , they seldom return home after twelve o ’ clock . <unk> vest , with long open sleeves , trimmed with silver <unk> and buttons of pearls , and a sort	144.07479858398438
of bodice , which , closing only from the centre to the waist , exhibited the whole of the ivory throat and upper part of the bosom ; it was fastened with three magnificent diamond clasps . himself ; it was impossible that his best <unk> , indeed , he had any friend <unk> recognize him ; he could not recognize himself . be , the two english gentlemen looked at each other hesitatingly . m. morrel—— ” ” said he . snow was falling , the streets were silent and deserted . you that i considered it best to avoid all explanation . ” i was traveling on an important mission . cardinal was <unk> beforehand the terms in which he was about to speak , and	102.5752944946289
that milady was collecting all her intellectual faculties to comprehend the things he was about to say , and to <unk> them in her memory when they should be spoken . ” said franz . sometimes sufficient to <unk> a great design . feeling to the beauty of the fête , to the pleasure she had experienced in the ballet ; and as it is not permissible to contradict a queen , whether she smile or weep , everybody expatiated on the gallantry of the aldermen of the city of paris . the bearer , who is a count and a <unk> of spain ! life , which is <unk> , and which will be dear to me from the moment i am not obliged to see an	86.06578826904297
enemy in you . heaven ! ” duke , more and more enraged , “ i will strangle you with my own hands . ” ” continued the concierge , “ a staunch follower of the bourbons ; he had an only daughter , who married m. de villefort , who had been the king ’ s attorney at nîmes , and afterwards at versailles . ” arranged beforehand ? ” be easy on that score ; the family is extinct . escape from this gulf , carrying treasures with them ; she will live and may yet be happy , since her child , in whom all her love is centred , will be with her . always thought his poetry detestable , and i think i	90.02550506591797
know something about poetry . ” albert ; “ it is monte cristo and his greek ! ” d ’ artagnan continued , “ you were <unk> mean to say , <unk> a murderer , and now—— ” . , ran to valentine , and took her in his arms . cloth , boots tolerably clean , but not of the brightest polish , and a little too thick in the soles , <unk> gloves , a hat somewhat resembling in shape those usually worn by the gendarmes , and a black cravat striped with white , which , if the proprietor had not worn it of his own free will , might have passed for a halter , so much did it resemble one . ten o	139.24465942382812
’ clock ; you are still at the hôtel des princes ? ” has plunged a thousand daggers into my heart , <unk> , i own , which instead of wounding sheathe their points in their own handles , but daggers which he nevertheless believed to be real and deadly . ” it intentionally , and not doing it intentionally , i said ‘ excuse me. ’ it appears to me that this is quite enough . went away in haste . said , in a voice which was altered by emotion , “ i have always put you on your guard against new acquaintances . ” years of his life to possess this sword . ’ said the president . i <unk> ” escape , and placing	122.03203582763672
the old man on his bed , he seated himself on the stool beside him . ” said monte cristo . will not thus give way to evil thoughts . ” o ’ clock . carry 100,000 francs in my pocket ? ” said the voice ; “ go away from here and leave the place to us . ” twenty-five years . ” , —a horse that cost 5,000 francs ! ” said monte cristo , in the tone which a father would use towards a son . with you ; the windows in the palazzo rospoli alone decided me . ” only four or <unk> had nearly fifty years to live . mournful silence , his heart overflowed , and he gave way to a flood	63.52720642089844
of tears . small chambers , very nicely fitted up , in a furnished house , the hostess of which , still young and still really handsome , cast tender glances uselessly at him . those who do theirs at the same time ! which you will find waiting at the porte de <unk> , as you enter nice ; pass through turin , chambéry , and pont-de-beauvoisin . she ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . hearts palpitated ; for it did , indeed , seem to be a ring which was placed there . will you leave us so soon ? ” and take it , friend , ” said the gascon . carlini . sir , ” said athos . , after having eaten some	95.85358428955078
of the lozenges he is accustomed to take , he fell into such a deep sleep , that it appeared to me unnatural ; still i hesitated to wake him , although i fancied that his face was flushed , and that the veins of his temples <unk> more violently than usual . noirtier , ” interposed maximilian , “ is celebrated throughout europe ; he was a statesman of high standing , and you may or may not know , valentine , that he took a leading part in every bonapartist conspiracy set on foot during the restoration of the bourbons . ” much the better ! united states , check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading ,	140.27288818359375
copying , displaying , performing , distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other project gutenberg™ work . the seat morcerf offered him , placed himself in such a manner as to remain concealed in the shadow of the large velvet curtains , and read on the careworn and livid features of the count a whole history of secret griefs written in each <unk> time had planted there . we can get athos , all will be well . slowly with her hand , while drawing him nearer with her look ; but felton , in his turn , embraced her more closely , imploring her like a <unk> . for the coast of the <unk> of lucca , and consisted almost entirely of	121.66860961914062
havana cigars , sherry , and malaga wines . find the place of honor taken . ” it seems that such a young and beautiful woman should be so avaricious . ” end of this worthy man ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . to say may seem strange to you , who are <unk> , and <unk> humanity and your duty to your neighbor , but i never seek to protect a society which does not protect me , and which i will even say , generally occupies itself about me only to injure me ; and thus by giving them a low place in my esteem , and preserving a neutrality towards them , it is society and my neighbor who are indebted to me .	134.5205078125
” much or too little ; speak , madame . peppino . from going down there , we are forced to refuse food and drink to the travelers who come to the house ; so that our hostelry is daily going to ruin . have tried to stop number three of the _barberi_ , who gained the prize in the race today , ” replied franz ; “ and then moreover , what could happen to him ? ” a laugh , and as may be supposed , the affair had no other <unk> . case they would have met with more fitting reward . that all the paths of the mountain were known to vampa ; he therefore went forward without a moment ’ s hesitation ,	111.11737060546875
although there was no beaten track , but he knew his path by looking at the trees and bushes , and thus they kept on advancing for nearly an hour and a half . then ? ” ” monte cristo , illustrated cautiously with his head , and looked carefully around the chamber . , unhappy strangers , trot at the heels of your <unk> , like so many <unk> , because no carriages or horses are to be had in your beggarly city . replied porthos , in the same manner . dismount , but it was too late ; i descended into the arms of the archers . contemplative mood . of my brother . pronounced in my hearing once . are concerned , i see	109.283447265625
but one point in which you are really guilty . most were <unk> , many of the people used threatening language . none of them drink , ” said athos , looking at him with pity , “ and yet this is one of the best ! ” nicely dressed , choice wines , and superb fruit . he breakfasted with <unk> , he made his first appearance in the world on that occasion . ” ” she cried , as d ’ artagnan finished , “ you dare to tell me the details of your <unk> give me an account of your treason ! ” he crossed the pont neuf , congratulated himself on having found planchet again , for at that time an intelligent servant was	92.85177612304688
essential to him ; nor was he sorry that through planchet and the situation which he held in rue des lombards , a connection with the bourgeoisie might be commenced , at that critical period when that class were preparing to make war with the court party . , for one of her friends who resides in the provinces , i believe , for a trustworthy maid . word , for i must give poor lucien a respite . peppino , who dashed into the thicket of high weeds , through a path which none but lizards or <unk> could have imagined to be an open road . eyes shot glances of fire . sigh of satisfaction and paused , as if he had partially appeased his hunger	231.4364776611328
. me ? ” breathless , he became unconscious of outward objects ; he seemed to be entering that vague delirium preceding death . , but let it be the last . ” of the fox , in the rue du <unk> <unk> , a tavern known for many years by athos , and asked for two bedrooms . for his safety and anxious to tell him all the events of the evening , but he cut her short by ordering her to put his supper in his room and give him with it a bottle of good burgundy . , reverend sir . ” and silent , seized with shame at sight of these preparations . tyrant , for power <unk> tyranny , serve , love ,	127.50833129882812
respect royalty , that divine right , that celestial spark which makes this dust still powerful and holy , so that <unk> , nevertheless , of rank and <unk> as nothing in comparison with the cold corpse there extended . ” want a notary , ” motioned the old man , shutting his eyes with a look of defiance , which seemed to say , “ and i should like to see the person who dares to refuse my request . ” gone to change his face which was too like that of monsieur de mazarin ? air of a person who hears a name for the first time . wherever i go ? ’ valentine , he had learned how to understand the old man quickly .	104.0839614868164
she , “ maximilian , my friend , my brother on earth , my true husband in heaven , i entreat you , do as i do , live in suffering ; perhaps we may one day be united . ” s hand in his . ; that is another matter . not , ” cried franz . me , dear d ’ artagnan , if it is not to your <unk> ‘ _non inutile est desiderium in oblatione_ ’ ; that is , ‘ a little regret is not <unk> in an offering to the lord . ’ ” if , after meeting so often this evening , we should not succeed in meeting to-morrow . ” save major cavalcanti the trouble of drawing on his banker	110.09982299804688
, i send him a draft for 2,000 francs to defray his travelling expenses , and credit on you for the further sum of 48,000 francs , which you still owe me . ’ ” , madame ; the orders are issued . ” , was the object of popular <unk> , in the first place because he _was_ superintendent of finance , and every superintendent of finance deserved to be hated ; in the second place , because he rather deserved the odium which he had incurred . by a single word ; go , i will rejoin you . ” rich . ” ’ clock and i will tell you ; but do not breathe to a living soul , sir , the rendezvous which i	113.37798309326172
give you . ” to perish ! dear and faithful friends , besides the maiden to whom i was betrothed ’ he said ; ‘ and i feel convinced they have all <unk> grieved over my loss . strong than he , had attempted what he had not had sufficient resolution to undertake , and had failed only because of an error in calculation . but i supposed he had returned . ” the finest title under the royalty of july , ” replied danglars . as ever ? monte cristo in an indifferent tone , “ you will do as you please , count , for you are the master of your own actions , and are the person most concerned in the matter , but if	102.386962890625
i were you , i would not <unk> a word of these adventures . of <unk> the secret of the grotto ; he consequently despatched his breakfast , and , his boat being ready , he hastened on board , and they were soon under way . all these names in his memory , again read and studied them , commenting meanwhile upon his <unk> , he shook his head . when d ’ artagnan bent down to his ear . to make to me certain proposals , but did you make them ? know d ’ artagnan ’ s courage ; he exposed himself freely to danger and while charging at the head of his company he received a ball through the chest which laid him prostrate	109.06735229492188
on the field of battle . a man like that cursed d ’ artagnan . every one knows , asparagus takes four years in coming to perfection , this civility infuriated monsieur de beaufort . was visibly gaining ground ; but the horse and its rider , of whom he did not lose sight , were evidently sinking . ” ” said mme . , we return to paris ? ! ” hands ; and then , ashamed of having been betrayed into such a demonstration of joy , she half turned away and bent over a vase of roses , as if to inhale their odor . , because that woman , i profoundly hold , deserved her punishment . at paris , and it is the	126.35279083251953
first time i have ever even set my foot in france . ” ” continued louvieres , “ and act in a straightforward manner . , that it was the shorter and easier part . half past ten . horse and set off at full gallop , <unk> the fresh air in his triumph and shouting out , with an expression of face which it would be impossible to describe : window curtains when he sprang out of bed and opened the windows . speak to us ? ” asked morrel . final effort , in which he summoned all his faculties , he said , — “ monte cristo , forget not monte cristo ! ” and he fell back on the bed . house he saw	64.9768295288086
d ’ artagnan on the threshold and the soldiers lying on the grass here and there , with their arms . ” said the prince , saluting them ; “ first speak ; we shall have time afterward for the usual compliments . the conversation twice or thrice bit her lips ; she had to deal with a gascon who played close . accounts , and it was perhaps not the most favorable moment for finding him in his best humor . ! ” cried the jesuit . man gave rise to a prolonged sensation . of preserving his _incognito_ , and he was recognized . time , the intonation was so soft that , however strange the speech might seem , it was impossible to be offended	120.08941650390625
at it . heaven and clasped his hands beneath the coverlet . a thousand louis to make the people cry “ long live mazarin , ” and who had accordingly no confidence in acclamations bought at twenty pistoles each , kept one eye on porthos ; but that gigantic body-guard replied to the look with his great bass voice , “ be tranquil , my lord , ” and mazarin became more and more composed . promised me his assistance ; but i soon found out that he was betraying me . ” montdidier and the superior of the jesuits of amiens . ” spoke in this manner to soothe the grief of d ’ artagnan . not forget it , because you are a man of honor	114.00603485107422
, morrel , because you have taken an oath , and are about to do so again . ” a short distance with debray , beauchamp , and château-renaud . returned albert , “ i compliment you on it ; i have its fellow ” —he took his watch from his waistcoat <unk> “ and it cost me 3,000 francs . ” , ” said m. de tréville ; “ i believed it later . the carmelites , henrietta had desired her daughter to attend her at the palace , which she had inhabited for a long time and which she had only left because their poverty seemed to them more difficult to bear in gilded chambers . <unk> by the notary . ” his sentiments , but	85.63125610351562
he contented himself with answering , that the letters from the island of elba ought to have informed <unk> ’ ” exclaimed the king . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ will return , carrying our shame to the cardinal . ” ? ” friend ! ” man wife or children ? ” inquired the abbé . the count of monte cristo unlimited credit on our house . ” said albert , drawing near , and without apparently noticing cavalcanti , who stood with his back towards the <unk> “ i mean to propose a meeting in some retired corner where no one will interrupt us for ten minutes ; that will be <unk> two men having met , one of them will remain on the	64.33479309082031
ground . ” sire ; there can be no more doubt on that head . of the emperor , fernand was <unk> . the four friends , exchanging glances . to me ; i go into the garden , i plant , i <unk> , i trim , i kill the insects all day long . ” and government owes nothing to his family . for an instant with uneasiness , as if a fresh thought suggested itself to her mind . d ’ artagnan ; “ the some one is coming . ” ” was the reply . ? ” asked de guiche . valentine in a mournful tone , “ do let me see this man , maximilian ; he may tell me whether i shall	59.58510971069336
ever be loved sufficiently to make amends for all i have suffered . ” handkerchief . is nobody there ? ” said the stranger . this paper if covered with as many gold pieces . ” ; you know i am a sailor . danglars . time to work on my own account . it and held it , <unk> himself by this rope , his head alone out of water . ? , and after waiting an hour , lest the jailer should change his mind and return , he removed his bed , took the handle of the saucepan , inserted the point between the hewn stone and rough stones of the wall , and employed it as a lever . tired , ’ said she	81.83995819091797
to the jeweller ; ‘ i have spread a pair of white sheets on your bed ; go up when you are ready , and sleep well . ’ grimaud , unconsciously . the case , here ’ s where the saddle hurts me , as we french say . so cold , so inanimate that without listening to what was said to them they were seized with the fear which pervaded that house , and they flew into the passage crying for help . grimaud , “ you wish me to allow monsieur le comte to be <unk> ” he saluted and made a movement to depart . friend , ” said he , “ that there is not a creature under the sky who equals you	111.1554183959961
in prowess and in courage . , not athos only , not the comte de la fere whom you will ruin by this amiable weakness , but a whole party to whom you belong and who depend upon you . ” the horses standing a few minutes since at the door ? ” ? ” said dantès , turning pale , and looking alternately at the hollow cheeks of the old man and the empty cupboards . at the duke ’ s feet , and seeing that it was intended for him , he put it into his pocket . now are , we must perish . has arrived when you must answer me . really a serious matter , then ? ” asked the marquis , remarking	61.50404739379883
the cloud on villefort ’ s brow . countess g—— ? ” inquired château-renaud . ! ” said athos , “ you require too much , d ’ artagnan . monte cristo , turning round , saw albert , pale and trembling , followed by beauchamp and château-renaud . his name , and in an instant recovering all his remembrances of the present and the past , m. de tréville grasped the situation . a sort of terror at the threatening aspect of the <unk> physiognomy in such moments was not destitute of a certain grandeur . <unk> . long a time had kept silence as to the treasure , now perpetually talked of it . to make his researches , not perhaps entirely at liberty , for	82.07185363769531
he would be doubtless watched by those who accompanied him . . ” on the contrary , i think it will answer my purpose . ” place at st. germain , i believe , and they had appointed to meet at the carmes-deschaux , when they were disturbed by de jussac , cahusac , bicarat , and two other guardsmen , who certainly did not go there in such a numerous company without some ill intention against the edicts . ” said monte cristo ; “ tell me , is not her father baron danglars ? ” commander of the _pharaon_ , with the certainty of being permanently so , if that fool of a caderousse can be persuaded to hold his tongue . ” , and if	88.96903991699219
they want it , have them burnished up . spite of morcerf , that not only is the count the object of interest at this present moment , but also that he will continue to be so for a month longer if he pleases to exhibit an eccentricity of conduct which , after all , may be his ordinary mode of existence . ” his removal , in terms clear and precise . discover the cause of this stillness . and the four musketeers were ready , but he looked around in vain for his friend . agreed , and not with me ; he even has in his pocket a letter from that person , who <unk> great importance to you , as i have heard him	107.93925476074219
say . ” god snatched it from you , and brought you to justice . ” , sir , and since you have such a man in your service , make him useful . ” like my wine ? ” asked porthos ; “ it is pleasant , isn ’ t it ? ” ? ” , as would be the case with a woman of taste walking in the morning . once , ” replied grimaud , a cloud darkening his countenance at the picture so suddenly summoned to the bar of recollection . , always on him ! ” said monte cristo . that there was something extraordinary , looked at him steadfastly . monsieur , shall i saddle rustaud ? ” to the baroness and	67.94276428222656
her daughter , exchanged a parting shake of the hand with debray and the count , and left madame danglars ’ box . his horse , not because he was severely wounded , but not being able to see the wound , he judged it to be more serious than it really was . you please , mr. notary . ” artagnan , my beloved d ’ artagnan ! his expectations of exciting fear , was conscious only of the other ’ s condescension . of thoughts of vengeance ; they weighed heavily upon your stomach ; you had the <unk> ’ s all . and d ’ artagnan was soon on the summit of the wall , where he seated himself . asks nothing or seems to	96.7409896850586
ask nothing , has asked more in the eyes of heaven than those who tax the country and steal the bread of the poor . to make peace with this gallant man , ” said d ’ artagnan to himself , having stood on one side during the whole of the latter part of the conversation ; and with this good feeling drawing near to aramis , who was departing without paying any attention to him , “ monsieur , ” said he , “ you will excuse me , i hope . ” . to raoul ’ s fancy ? ” you mean ? ” ’ s face brightened . monte cristo . the bosom of the ocean with imposing majesty and seemed to <unk> the scene	59.21858215332031
. return to paris . ” were in the middle of this wall , and enclosed the villefort and saint-méran coffins . an hour at most . ” upon the formalities of the police and the idleness of the <unk> . information prove correct , a sort of bonapartist conspiracy has just been discovered . ” upon the king was not till twelve , he had made a party with porthos and aramis to play a game at tennis in a tennis court situated near the stables of the luxembourg . to you—the comte de la fere ; you do not know that name . the dish of beans was still there ; the dish of beans had disappeared . me what you have done for the queen	105.79096984863281
? ” crimes by exaggeration . hour when valentine was giving noirtier his breakfast , and was sure not to be disturbed in the performance of this pious duty . a few steps , waited until the king should interrogate him . be interred in the cemetery of père-lachaise , where m. de villefort had long since had a tomb prepared for the reception of his family . you not remember her name ? ” take your brother with me . ” ! ” i rode him nearly ten leagues in less than an hour and a half , and he appeared no more distressed than if he had only made the tour of the place st. sulpice . ” armchair which happened to be near the door	84.40824890136719
, and waited without speaking a word , without making a gesture . king should deign to stand godfather to the son of madame de longueville . ” , ” muttered d ’ artagnan , “ and you are a dead man . ” a stone in paris will remain <unk> , ” put in the marechal . instead of answering : strength , she forced herself to close her eyes ; but this simple operation upon the most delicate organs of our frame , generally so easy to accomplish , became almost impossible at this moment , so much did curiosity struggle to retain the eyelid open and learn the truth . princess then . ” with a description of your horses , your lackeys , your	92.8697509765625
<unk> was omitted . ” since i saw thee ! ” home again , raoul , ” said the comte . not confound prudence with cowardice ; prudence is a virtue . ” ” ; for the musketeers were known to be enemies of the cardinal , and were beloved on account of the hatred they bore to his eminence . , ” said danglars , rising and looking at the young man , who still remained seated , but whose eye was fixed on the <unk> sheet of paper flung into the corner . but the horses upon which d ’ artagnan and planchet rode had been refreshed in the well supplied stables of the lord of bracieux ; the master and servant rode side by side	104.13226318359375
, conversing as they went , for d ’ artagnan had by degrees thrown off the master and planchet had entirely ceased to assume the manners of a servant . door carefully after the child , the count appearing not to notice her ; then casting a scrutinizing glance around the chamber , the young wife returned to her chair , in which she seated herself . d ’ artagnan ; “ we are near athos ’ s door . go ? ” asked porthos . friends , officers in the guards and mousquetaires , came to keep me company and we passed the night in feasting , drinking , <unk> . ” him . not seem much , but in twelve hours that makes two feet ,	81.73551940917969
and three we had before , that makes five . you ? ” ” repeated milady , with an accent of indescribable grief , “ but they see not ; ears have they , but they hear not . ” lion , plunged on the dismounted cavalier , who tried to draw his sword ; but before it was out of the scabbard , porthos , with the hilt of his had struck him such a terrible blow on the head that he fell like an ox beneath the butcher ’ s knife . think of what you ’ re about to do , and beware of going too far ! ” forty pistoles into his pocket without any <unk> the contrary , thanking his majesty greatly .	105.76640319824219
not see her . ” motionless as a statue , looking towards marseilles , at other times gazing on the sea , and <unk> as to whether it were not better to cast herself into the abyss of the ocean , and thus end her woes . that cost me , monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ” , <unk> ” julie wished to accompany him . marry me , ” replied the hostess , between two gasps . guarded now ; we only said he would escape . ” besides you for that , my fine king ’ s <unk> ! letter in which you <unk> for liberty , monsieur de rochefort . large <unk> , which had been increased in size by pulling down the <unk> <unk>	72.6061019897461
, in which the artist and the dandy strove for pre-eminence . have left my hat , and in all probability i should have been left with my hat , had the coadjutor not arrived in time to rescue me . ” prize for a length of time , and gave birth to magnificent speeches which we do not repeat here for fear they should be deemed too long . , you know , ” said grimaud . him killed—i won ’ t ! , ” said the banker , “ do not kill yourself tonight listening to the follies of madame danglars , for you can hear them as well tomorrow ; but i claim tonight and will devote it , if you will allow me ,	107.34001922607422
to talk over some serious matters with my wife . ” that ? ” question , as well as the rest , mr. president , but in its turn . ” done ! ” cried morrel , with one hand leaning on the back of the chair , and the other extended towards valentine . is he ? ” , exclaiming , “ the emetic ! woman , what have they done with you ? ” ” s hand tremble . for me ? ” inquired d ’ artagnan , wishing to signify to the hostess that her lamentations were superfluous and that therefore she had better spare him demonstrations of her grief . , sir , should you receive news from blois , to send me a	64.7239761352539
few lines about my little friend mademoiselle de la valliere , about whose health , when we left , so much anxiety was felt ? friends , although my rival , was much attached to me , —his name was fernand ; that of my betrothed was ’ —stay , stay , ” continued the abbé , “ i have forgotten what he called her . ” deep conviction that heaven would not have created two hearts , <unk> as ours do , and almost miraculously brought us together , to separate us at last . ” more , adieu , ” said morrel . that was to cause the disappearance of the london executioner . paris on foot , carrying his little packet under his arm ,	152.2740020751953
and walked about till he found an apartment to be let on terms suited to the <unk> of his means . aramis . indeed , ” said monte cristo with a sigh ; “ and do you think she is in the least interested in me ? ” augment , the latter to remedy . myself , my lord , ” she said , “ the cardinal will do nothing , and will even , perhaps , act against us . ready to set sail , upon the deck of which they recognized mordaunt walking up and down impatiently . opening into the garden . advise , then ? ” asked mazarin , trembling . two who remained ; then , when they had passed , he brought	64.01763916015625
up the rear , and on his face was a smile , which , if they could have understood it , would have alarmed them much more than a visit to the room they were about to enter . and invited them to enter . at some future period , and in the mean time i request you to excuse my declining to put you in possession of my reasons . ” the rest , until the room filled silently , as if these men had been the humblest , most devoted courtiers . in the general terms of use part of this license , apply to copying and distributing project gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the project gutenberg™ concept and trademark . for liberty , as a	92.47911071777344
guilty one would , nor for vengeance , as would a <unk> . the idea never occurred to me , ” answered dantès . said the duke , “ for your sake i beg of you , never come within the reach of my fist ! ” was lost on porthos ; and at every one he uttered an exclamation which betrayed to his friend that he had not lost sight of the idea which possessed his brain . somewhat consoled by d ’ artagnan , who the next day told him that in all probability war would always be carried on in the heart of paris and within reach of the chateau du vallon , which was near corbeil , or bracieux , which was near <unk>	91.08126831054688
, and of pierrefonds , which was between compiegne and villars-cotterets . . ” , that you very nearly ruined forever that of my master ; and that it was owing to you that he was very nearly being damned eternally for remaining a musketeer , whilst all the time his true vocation was the church . ” mazarin , conducting d ’ artagnan into the queen ’ s oratory and desiring him to wait there . ” exclaimed porthos . minutes at st. omer . them near that of the marshal . the pleasure of insulting us that you say that , my little viper ? ” her majesty ’ s commands from her own lips . ” continued , “ was intimate with a young <unk>	88.2654800415039
from tours , a cousin of his , named marie michon . ” said the coadjutor ; “ you must be well aware that this requires reflection . ” hat and gloves , ” returned monte cristo . how we came here ? at a gate of the palace with three musketeers behind him ; if we see a close carriage , at all suspicious in appearance , come out , let us fall upon it . an instant entertain so unworthy a thought , dear valentine ? head and stifled his voice . so bid you , ” answered morrel , “ it is your duty . ” said the magistrate , who had risen from his seat ; “ i leave you , bearing a remembrance	67.1717300415039
of you—a remembrance of esteem , which i hope will not be disagreeable to you when you know me better ; for i am not a man to bore my friends , as you will learn . leclere ’ s death ; and , as the latter had told me , gave me a letter to carry on to a person in paris . the moment was come . , my lad ; she would have killed you . you see it is all useless , and that my father ’ s mind is really <unk> , ” said villefort . madame , not a day passes in which i do not suffer <unk> from your princes and your lordly servants , all of them <unk> who do	71.15541076660156
not perceive that i wind up the spring that makes them move , nor do they see that beneath my quiet demeanor lies the still scorn of an injured , irritated man , who has sworn to himself to master them one of these days . to walk with his <unk> piece on his shoulder , behind the hedges which border the roads , and when he saw a catholic coming alone , the protestant religion immediately prevailed in his mind . should learn that you had taken upon yourself to speak of me to anyone favorably or <unk> , to comment on my actions , or watch my conduct , that very instant you would quit my service . , monsieur , ” replied planchet , “	165.9903106689453
<unk> are found out by being used . you come ? ’ said he to him . to her husband . villefort , “ your majesty mistakes ; this is an officer ’ s cross . ” these crimes exist ? ” invalid , wrote a prescription , ordered villefort to take a cabriolet , go in person to a chemist ’ s to get the prescribed medicine , bring it himself , and wait for him in his daughter ’ s room . must . ” me . ” place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work . ! ” he again fainted . <unk> you when you leave . ” bestow upon me i do not merit . ! .	85.3998031616211
moreover , the young woman of whom i spoke , who is persecuted , no doubt , in consequence of some court intrigue . , ” replied d ’ artagnan . path which , going out from the road , <unk> the <unk> . how could you , hearing us so often speak of our unknown benefactor , seeing us pay such homage of gratitude and adoration to his memory , —how could you continue so long without discovering yourself to us ? then take nothing more tonight . ” d ’ artagnan , and it seemed to him that the moment for attack had arrived . little letter the heart of d ’ artagnan bounded , for he believed he recognized the handwriting , and although he	94.60057067871094
had seen that writing but once , the memory of it remained at the bottom of his heart . eyes , habituated to the darkness , had recognized the messenger of the pasha , —it was a friend . knowledge of crime and criminals , every word the young man uttered convinced him more and more of his innocence . is not his own idea ; it is the republic ’ s , which deputed <unk> to devise a uniform for the <unk> . ” salutation with one of her most gracious smiles . sure , father joseph , but his name was never pronounced but with a subdued voice , such was the terror inspired by his gray eminence , as the cardinal ’ s familiar was	116.70047760009766
called . , and no one can doubt my position . ” ? ” two years , three years , is to talk of an eternity ; to return after the death or disgrace of the cardinal , perhaps ; to return when d ’ artagnan and his friends , happy and triumphant , should have received from the queen the reward they had well acquired by the services they had rendered <unk> were devouring ideas that a woman like milady could not endure . stopped , as if struck by a sudden suspicion . said he , at the end of his meditations , “ a clever maxim , which bears upon what i was saying to you some little while ago , and that is ,	93.92729187011719
that unless wicked ideas take root in a naturally depraved mind , human nature , in a right and wholesome state , revolts at crime . as if undergoing the influence of an <unk> thought , the countenance of the cardinal , till then gloomy , cleared up by degrees , and recovered perfect serenity . after this first visit has been made we shall count on you . ” ” said porthos , “ it appears there ’ s something fresh here . ” concealment , did you call your horse vampa ? ” respects , tolerably well . ” point , do you understand ? ” from these fools , ” he muttered ; “ and i am very much afraid of being here between a	137.80714416503906
drunkard and a coward . that luigi had not felt the strength to support another such trial , and , half by persuasion and half by force , he had removed teresa toward another part of the garden . said albert , extending his hand ; “ i swear i will not . ” . told <unk> him . ’ replied morrel . come to prove the perfect innocence of our colleague . in which the wounded man lay . the other hand , my lord , you have lost it , and now , in accordance with the law of war , sir , you must buy it back again . ” : the ball of madame the constable ; the night at the louvre ; the	71.95497131347656
evening at amiens ; the arrest of montague ; the letter of madame de chevreuse . ” ” by their lackeys , were seen <unk> the quays and guard rooms , picking up among their friends abroad all the dinners they could meet with ; for according to the advice of aramis , it was prudent to <unk> repasts right and left in prosperity , in order to reap a few in time of need . by these living walls , were in danger of being crushed against the <unk> of the wheels and the panels of the carriages . <unk> . the business over to morcerf , so pray settle it with him as may be most agreeable to you ; for my own part , i	142.65773010253906
care nothing about the count or his mysterious doings . ” the honor of asking of you the hand of mademoiselle eugénie danglars for my son , the vicomte albert de morcerf . ” years with m. noirtier , and let him tell you if ever once , during that time , he has entertained a thought which he was unable to make me understand . ” adieu to guitant in the court of the palais royal , mazarin approached an officer who was walking up and down within that inclosure . the doors strong , and the bars solid ; besides , your window opens immediately over the sea . s true . elegant hunting costume ; and monsieur and the other nobles were dressed like him	116.53987884521484
. gentlemen , so please you ; i have plenty of time , and it will be more correct . baton of the marechal de la meilleraie , who does not seem to be much in favor just now . ” ) louis before me ; put down the same sum , so that they who have lost may have nothing to complain of . him ? ” to be married , there is nothing like implicit confidence ; but never mind that , my boy , —go and announce your arrival , and let her know all your hopes and prospects . ” you share the fate i have planned for myself . o ’ clock at athos ’ s residence . of a mantelpiece in a	80.55362701416016
small room on the fifth floor . ” an effort . meet you ; but , ” added he , looking at d ’ artagnan with a certain degree of uneasiness , “ you know what has happened to me ? ” god sends him back again. ’ caderousse sank pale and breathless into his chair . door , and had not lost one word of this scene . , as we have said , was exceedingly prudent for a young man of twenty , then remembered his suspicions regarding milady . all at once . hold the extreme left , resting on <unk> . killed the insolent fellow . to the point ? ” cried the baroness , shivering with anger and impatience . milady , after	56.782135009765625
a moment of silence , “ from the present time , cease to talk of impossibilities . ” baron , that legal methods are the safest in criminal cases ; it was , perhaps , some plot against you. ” andrea looked steadily at monte cristo and disappeared in the second drawing-room . bridled . ” air of importance which such people assume when they are clad with military dignity , said : hunger . ” opened , and the head of signor pastrini appeared . to be _decapitato_ ; 4 and he , your excellency , is poor peppino . ” however , and franz deemed it <unk> to awaken albert ; but at the moment he prepared to proceed to his chamber , his friend entered	124.06475830078125
the room in perfect costume for the day . ! ” angle of the street , he turned . his name was unknown to your majesty . ” ? ” said he , showing d ’ artagnan a place where it had been pierced through . we can do , then , ” said the notary . hunting party on his property in the month of september , 1646 . for my son , monsieur , that he found such a friend , and i thank god that things are thus . ” . the next morning , the drums beat to arms . mercédès , with her arms extended towards the count , “ since i first knew you , i have adored your name , have	51.041893005371094
respected your memory . came to announce that the horses were ready , and they were arising from table , the stranger proposed to porthos to drink the health of the cardinal . previous one—the old editions will be renamed . to his . opera ? ” said the count , with that calm tone and penetrating eye which <unk> the man who knows his cause is good . , “ take away that man , ” he said , “ and keep him carefully in sight . for obtaining a copy of or access to a project gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement , you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom	85.00932312011719
you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.e.8 . i think i already know what you are about to tell me . ” a feeling of respectful delicacy ; it was , however , evident that the cardinal was recognized by both comminges and the other officers on horseback . rather a humiliation than a pleasure for her . have probably one or two friends ? ” , for it was he , leveled his pistol at winter ; it went off and the ball entered the heart of the old cavalier , who with one bound on his saddle fell back into the arms of athos , murmuring : “ he is avenged ! ” thing in this world , edmond , —the happiness of	81.03125762939453
my son . ” d ’ artagnan , laughing , “ you could eat a piece of mouston , couldn ’ t you , especially after two or three days of fasting ? ” fifty pistoles to the hostess for our expenses , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and share the three hundred . ” me so before ? power to discover the murderers , but no one durst tell me their names , so much were they dreaded . ; and this very morning the surgeon declared that if monsieur porthos did not pay him , he should look to me , as it was i who had sent for him . ” horses ! ” cried d ’ artagnan to him . replied he	53.45092010498047
. ” assassination at auteuil proved to him that i had not committed that of which i stood accused . athos , “ don ’ t fire ! ” carries you away ; and he who pours out vengeance runs the risk of tasting a bitter draught . ” escaping in the same way ? ” only to hear danglars speak so calmly and politely , but because it was apparent that beneath outward politeness there really <unk> a determined spirit of opposition to anything his wife might wish to do . ‘ oh , it can not be expected that one of so stern a character as m. villefort could lavish the tenderness some fathers do on their daughters . number of small fishing-boats belonging to the	240.86329650878906
fishermen of the neighboring village , like humble subjects awaiting orders from their queen . , ” said milady , “ how should i repay such a service ? confess to you that i was all ready to follow them and am still ready to rejoin them , in spite of all the <unk> in the world . ” poison that would be made use of against you ; suppose the poison was , for instance , <unk> ” never played . and pretty mme . perform your charge , monsieur ? ” continued the king , without directly replying to de tréville ’ s question . d ’ artagnan and sleep overtook him also . ? eighth day , bazin , fresh as ever , and smiling	96.4830093383789
, according to custom , entered the cabaret of the parpaillot as the four friends were sitting down to breakfast , saying , as had been agreed upon : “ monsieur aramis , the answer from your cousin . ” <unk> , the gate opened , and he then found himself in a little garden , about twenty feet long by twelve wide , bounded on one side by part of the hedge , which contained the ingenious contrivance we have called a gate , and on the other by the old tower , covered with <unk> and studded with <unk> . ” said mercédès , “ it was a way of assuring me that his abstinence was intended . ” ! a different thing . ” wife	82.18707275390625
. ” should think myself as rich as <unk> ” then aloud : “ are you ambitious ? ” said debray , delivering up his accounts in the <unk> manner of a stockbroker , “ there are still 80,000 francs , the interest of this money , in my hands . ” the count , turning towards franz , “ i told you there was some mistake in this . ” , sir ? ” said the king . with astonishment , and then said , ‘ what is your business with me , monsieur ? unfortunately for the prisoners , the abbé faria had an attack of catalepsy , and died . ” the best of our poor means , and god will recompense the will ,	46.770816802978516
forgive the want of power . look implied , “ i told you it would be <unk> ” then he slowly uttered these words , “ who is now dying in your house ? the purpose , ” said eugénie ; “ let us speak candidly , sir ; i admire candor . ” milady , “ if you keep your word , instead of five hundred , i will give you a thousand pistoles . ” of anne of austria was great when it was announced to them that the city , which the previous evening they had left entirely tranquil , had awakened to such feverish commotion ; nor would either the one or the other believe the reports that were brought to them , declaring	84.794189453125
they would rather rely on the evidence of their own eyes and ears . in a voice of tenderness , amounting almost to love , was that of haydée . ” cried olivain in his turn . told you , he came to see dantès ’ father , and offered to receive him in his own house ; and the night or two before his death , as i have already said , he left his purse on the mantelpiece , with which they paid the old man ’ s debts , and buried him decently ; and so edmond ’ s father died , as he had lived , without doing harm to anyone . baron . ” one point and that was , cunning ; had	79.77479553222656
they been actuated equally by courage , the one would have done great things for the other . and i can even add that i have only just left his company . , and offered him a glass filled with <unk> , saying , ‘ to the health of the brave cucumetto and the fair <unk> ’ at this moment carlini heard a woman ’ s cry ; he divined the truth , seized the glass , broke it across the face of him who presented it , and rushed towards the spot whence the cry came . ” cried one of his companions , “ don ’ t try to make us believe you obtained that baldric by paternal generosity . <unk> <unk> which strikes but does	119.10636138916016
not destroy you , and yet which brings everything to an end . was in the courtyard , moving stealthily . d ’ artagnan . ” ” said maximilian , “ i will serve as your guide ; such a man as you are ought not to be introduced by a servant . ” cried the abbé ; “ impossible ! ” exclaimed , as though a <unk> iron were piercing his heart . , i am thinking of other things besides breakfast just now ; perhaps we may take that meal at a later hour and in worse company . ” his hand the lighted match , walked towards the opening in the cavern , and , aided by the faint light which streamed in through the	82.75066375732422
mouth of the cave , picked up the token . him again . last-named class ; and certainly my prospects of military <unk> are most encouraging as well as certain . love ; you told me so just now . ” that lord winter was really dead , let fall the corpse and said : of everything , only i eat but little ; and today , that you reproach me with my want of appetite , is my day of appetite , for i have not eaten since yesterday morning . ” , struck right and left and was almost delirious with excitement . to the galleys for life , and i was immediately set at liberty . ” out his hand , but the other pretended	127.6789321899414
not to see it and he let it drop again slowly by his side . all , ” said the prince , laughing . beauchamp haughtily , “ there are occasions when probity <unk> ” sides . smile and separated . i consider myself as brave as most men , but when i drew from my breast the little key of the staircase , which i had found in my <unk> little key we both used to cherish so much , which you wished to have fastened to a golden <unk> i opened the door , and saw the pale moon shedding a long stream of white light on the spiral staircase like a spectre , i leaned against the wall , and nearly shrieked . have called	114.29576873779297
three times without once seeing him . was germain , and who enjoyed the entire confidence of his young master , held in one hand a number of papers , and in the other a packet of letters , which he gave to albert . this evening , and to pass the time away he has invited us to keep him company . ” , since i have not even brought my carriage out yet . , my god ! ” murmured the poor mercer , “ now , indeed , i am lost ! ” and he followed the guards who came for him , mechanically and without resistance . monsieur porthos , ” observed planchet replying , as it were , to his master ’ s	69.68314361572266
thoughts . hand and aramis could see the prisoner disappear at the turning of the avenue . soldiers , and ran for their arms . safely to the louvre all alone . ” cried ; “ he venture himself amongst us , to be hung ! look yonder , ” he whispered ; “ don ’ t you see in the darkness something pass by , like shadows ? the silence . ” said the chief of the assembly , “ one man may insult <unk> is the privilege of weakness . prepared , ” he said , smiling , “ you will not , my friend , be sorry to have the mystery which so puzzles you cleared up . ” ! then ? ” cried mordaunt	77.93643951416016
, as if disposed to reply at once to the provocation . in the circle of the musketeers , to win in one night three thousand pistoles ; to lose them even to the <unk> belt for gala days , win all this again with the addition of a hundred louis , without his beautiful <unk> being heightened or lowered half a line , without his hands losing their pearly hue , without his conversation , which was cheerful that evening , ceasing to be calm and agreeable . ? ” to go , you are not angry in your heart ? ” exclaimed raoul , joyously . s the matter ? ” asked the latter , “ are you going to be ill just now ? ”	93.31178283691406
to choose quickly , for we have not an instant to lose . ” up to his middle , being unwilling to trust his precious burden to anybody . to pass that mysterious threshold , to climb those unknown stairs by which , one by one , the old crowns of m. coquenard had ascended . to communicate to her majesty , something secret and <unk> mission that could be confided only to a sure <unk> so has sent me to saint germain . was danced , the evening had scarcely begun . me ? ” said the musketeer . moment with a dull sound that drew out of dantès ’ forehead large drops of perspiration . the young man . dantès , “ it was a hundred	135.96142578125
and forty francs i owed caderousse . ” . ; it is quite true . ” said d ’ artagnan . broken voice said to the count : , benedetto , will escape ! ” know a little about wounds , and mine , i know , is mortal . who takes my comb and puts it in his pocket ? ” asked the duke . ejaculated porthos . morrel turned <unk> pale . are . danglars , with the perspiration on his forehead , “ i must be under <unk> ” and he threw himself back in the calash , not this time to sleep , but to think . you have made certain conditions on my behalf ? ” his way met the waiter . ,	58.49987030029297
and then resumed , “ i told you well that she would know me . i am in a hurry to see him again . ” gold in his hat , and in going back to the chateau settled the reckoning with porthos , each of them had cleared two hundred and fifteen louis . all , ” continued danglars ; “ he has opened an account with my house for his son . ” a long time , d ’ artagnan . ” ” said kitty . murmured the baroness . counsel to give , it is , always lose ! ” ” ” asked andrea . live honored and pure ; you shall live to triumph over your enemies . ” free to quit me ,	55.32110595703125
and when they leave me will no longer have any need of me or anyone else ; it is for that reason , perhaps , that they do not quit me . ” the room , under a white sheet which covered it , lay the corpse , still more alarming to morrel since the account he had so unexpectedly overheard . she ? ” ” said porthos , “ it is so . ” ” web pages for current donation methods and addresses . the young man , “ i have the honor of presenting to you the count of monte cristo , the generous friend whom i had the good fortune to meet in the critical situation of which i have told you . ” you	57.9866943359375
want ? ” who were constantly near the prisoner , assisted in picking up the tennis balls . some water and applied it to the gash . about yesterday . ” then , ere the host could oppose his design , grimaud seized a pair of pincers he perceived in a corner and forced the bolt . the headstrong personage he had to do with ; d ’ artagnan was not the man ever to cry for quarter . answered de winter ; “ but the case is provided for and i am come to france to seek allies . ” leave , but even in the ante-chamber they could still hear the duke ’ s cries ; he was evidently suffering the tortures of the damned .	115.40535736083984
, some chambermaid with whom i have <unk> in some garrison ? then , franz did not wait for a repetition of this permission , but took off the handkerchief , and found himself in the presence of a man from <unk> to forty years of age , dressed in a <unk> costume , that is to say , a red cap with a long blue silk <unk> , a vest of black cloth embroidered with gold , pantaloons of deep red , large and full <unk> of the same color , embroidered with gold like the vest , and yellow slippers ; he had a splendid cashmere round his waist , and a small sharp and crooked <unk> was passed through his girdle . know where monsieur	84.82969665527344
de beaufort is ? ” ! , ” said mordaunt , looking at them with an expression he vainly <unk> to soften , “ my soldiers will guard them , and guard them well , i promise you . ” and he endeavored to receive the minister ’ s homage with civility . a desperate deed . bertuccio , ” said the count . father for you ? ” ” said the doctor , “ i did not know that i had a rival ; but i hope , governor , that you will show him all proper respect in consequence . ” felucca , ” said aramis . ” cried d ’ artagnan and the citizen at the same time , each having recognized his man .	36.90067672729492
no , your excellency ! life is assured , ” continued caderousse ; “ no doubt fortune and honors have comforted her ; she is rich , a countess , and yet—— ” at <unk> it not so ? you <unk> me . ” ” said the gardener ; “ not in the least , since there is no danger that anyone can possibly understand what we are saying . ” sir , ” said he . very uneasy at the turn which the letter was taking and paused to glance under his eyes at the young man . that imply ? ” circumstances , my dear sir ; ‘ man proposes , and god <unk> ’ ” andrea sighed . mysterious affair , ” said villefort ,	67.57291412353516
“ and the <unk> have hitherto escaped detection , although suspicion has fallen on the head of more than one person . ” should suffer the least inconvenience or uneasiness on my account ! . ” ” cried the cardinal , looking at the clock ; “ and now it is too late to have them pursued . until the curtain was drawn up . resemble the disciples of <unk> in one thing [ people spoke in this style in 1815 ] , that of not being able to call a day my own , not even that of my betrothal . ” the village , talking of indifferent things , then as they reached the last houses : any accident ; on descending , the queen found	133.66162109375
the prince awaiting her , <unk> , to offer her his hand . of that which he had experienced in going from time to time to visit his family . of one of my best friends ? ” said , it was at least a league from the château d ’ if to this island . another service , ” said athos , <unk> that the queen did not seem to recognize him . . songs are out of place in this castle . in a tumult , but even criminals have rarely been insulted during trial . the troop persist in coming to the assault , we will allow the <unk> to get as far as the ditch , and then we will push down upon their	74.10810089111328
heads that strip of wall which keeps its <unk> by a miracle . ” language ! grimaud , but la ramee looked on with the curiosity of a father who thinks that he may perhaps get a cheap idea concerning a new <unk> for his children . ” asked the young man . approaching evil ? the east ! what my wife said , monseigneur . ” d ’ artagnan ; “ we must look about us ; he ’ s going to play us a trick . ” , and no wonder . his eyes and fainted . ” supper , and took his million . my friend , ” replied the abbé . moment to <unk> your existence to the king of kings , ” said	73.81365203857422
d ’ artagnan , “ if you persist in offering him a civility . what reason government can assign for these useless visits ; when you see one prisoner , you see all , —always the same thing , <unk> fed and innocent . said d ’ artagnan and aramis at the same time . , with whose retreat the cardinal was <unk> . ” window . take long ; it was acting as a supernumerary that was so tedious . ” she is ? ” grotto , my friend , my house in the champs-élysées , and my château at tréport , are the marriage gifts bestowed by edmond dantès upon the son of his old master , morrel . , half groom , half peasant ,	101.52359771728516
whom we saw at the chateau de bragelonne , whom athos had <unk> by the name of his province . ” said the listener , “ not through doors , but through windows ! understand . ” , ” said the marshal . said , “ at your advice i have made the trial . ” meet again . ” true . ” ? ” he asked . kiss , one after the other , those dear studs with which he was about to part . caderousse and the window , thus cutting off from the thief his only chance of retreat . in the ante-chamber with impatience , till he should be conducted to them . since it is at the same time the opinion of d	57.66914749145508
’ artagnan and of athos , it must be the best . ” to remind you , sir , ” he said , “ that eleven o ’ clock has just struck , and that the trial commences at twelve . ” to the reparation he may require ? ” nobody opposed , he resumed a little courage , and ventured to draw up one leg and then the other . were dealing with englishmen or germans . ” , where he would receive one part of his fortune , and then proceeding to vienna , where he would find the rest , he meant to take up his residence in the latter town , which he had been told was a city of pleasure . token of	60.146751403808594
assent . me hope ? ” one nearest to the path villefort must take , and scarcely was i there when , amidst the gusts of wind , i fancied i heard groans ; but you know , or rather you do not know , your excellency , that he who is about to commit an assassination fancies that he hears low cries perpetually ringing in his ears . than he had expected in obtaining an audience of anne of austria . apartment . worse ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , seeing a look of vexation on the face of the youth . man forgot his habitual <unk> threw himself on his father ’ s neck . ’ artagnan remarked also that not one countenance responded to	121.7123031616211
the <unk> of porthos . , ” said he ; “ for the second time i give you your life . ” the failure of our plan to come up here , love . ” to retract , you wish to fight , do you ? ” said beauchamp in a calm tone . with tolerable success . ” ” which you have said is too clear to require any explanation , ” replied d ’ artagnan , in a low voice , “ i beg you to follow me . ” monte cristo ; “ but what would be the use of living eighteen hundred years after lucullus , if we can do no better than he could ? ” said porthos . ) romans ! made	36.706729888916016
, and this is what he intended to do . her to speculate , she having her bank and her stockbroker ; she speculated and lost . dates volume chapters 1 the three musketeers 1257 <unk> 1 2 twenty years after 1259 <unk> 2 3 the vicomte de bragelonne <unk> <unk> 3 <unk> 4 ten years later <unk> 1660–1661 3 <unk> 5 louise de la valliere <unk> <unk> 3 <unk> 6 the man in the iron mask <unk> <unk> 3 <unk> said . visited the posts . , who appeared to replace one another in order always to present an imposing number , paraded constantly , armed to the teeth and ready for anything . torch . ” said the cardinal ; “ and you , monsieur porthos	262.0360107421875
? ” captain , i have a great mind to take away your commission and give it to mademoiselle de <unk> , to whom i promised an abbey . was easy to follow tracks on the snow . the increase of torture which your visits cause me ? ” pretended , the animal with his hand , he put this bit of burning tinder in his ear . a fresh billet from milady . influence the count evidently possessed over those ruffians ? ” know ? ” inquired franz . learned since ? a good dinner , and inquired the address of the house of thomson & french , which was immediately given to him , as it was one of the most celebrated in rome . and	84.21952819824219
his god . ” said the young man , “ the difference between our respective stations makes me fear to offend you by speaking of my love , but yet i can not find myself in your presence without longing to pour forth my soul , and tell you how fondly i adore you . , for it is a family inheritance ; both my father and grandfather died of it in a third attack . , then ? ” do with it ? in the collection are in the public domain in the united states . with one woman so ready to do justice to the charms of another as yourself , ” responded lucien , raising his lorgnette to his eye . no , ” replied	82.30986785888672
de winter . ; he has faith in his friends ; he wishes also to have faith in his queen . buckingham dead or grievously wounded ; your conversation with the cardinal overheard by the four musketeers ; lord de winter warned of your arrival at portsmouth ; d ’ artagnan and athos to the bastille ; aramis the lover of madame de chevreuse ; porthos an ass ; madame bonacieux found again ; to send you the chaise as soon as possible ; to place my lackey at your disposal ; to make you out a victim of the cardinal in order that the abbess may entertain no suspicion ; armentières , on the banks of the lys . , i was wholly unable to do this	118.1294937133789
; so , by way of getting out of the scrape , i said , ‘ ask morcerf ; he has got the whole history of his beloved monte cristo at his fingers ’ ends ; ’ whereupon the baroness signified her desire to see you . ” , discussing the grand affair . over in the deadly struggle that had taken place there , and the sheets , to which the unfortunate jeweller had doubtless clung , were dragged across the room . belong to your profession , ” answered caderousse , “ and you do well to repeat them ; but , ” added he , with a bitter expression of countenance , “ one is free to believe them or not , as one pleases	97.00072479248047
. ” . madame , ” stammered the young girl . doubt that felton was convinced ; felton was hers . ? i sorrow for madame danglars ? ” said porthos ; “ where will you begin ? ” , he would certainly have pardoned me , if i had not said anything to him about that cursed <unk> ambiguous words , it is true , but rather <unk> ambiguous . : say ? ” , even then , and made them fly before him ! , leaving madame danglars in the street . and led the way . say , d ’ artagnan , ” said athos , with a smile of sadness and contempt . orator of great <unk> of france under louis xv . mad	81.12845611572266
abbé was kept , sir , and that is where the young man entered ; ” and the guide pointed to the opening , which had remained unclosed . the count ; “ i take pleasure in saying that you have served me faithfully , bertuccio ; but you might have shown more confidence in me . ” oh , yes , i do indeed <unk> ” and he struck his breast with his <unk> fist . d ’ herblay ? ” purse , in which was evidently a part of the sum which the bandit had received , with a dice box and dice , completed the possessions of the dead man . ” cried he , regaining strength by force of terror . ? ” said	72.56280517578125
louise . ” said morrel , sinking into a chair , “ you have heard all , and i have nothing further to tell you . ” irons made dantès shudder . —to be sure ! ” cried dantès , eagerly quitting the table ; “ let us go directly ! ” m. danglars himself announced . ” any one of you have further or better counsel to <unk> , i will listen to him with the greatest pleasure . ” wait for me in my chamber . ” wish me to lay aside my ministerial functions , to quit france and be an exile . ” religious chant which had so strongly excited felton the evening before . the better , we will fire the first shot	100.03172302246094
together . ” my lord , fast . ” am a bonapartist also , declare one thing to you , which is , that i will kill you . sight of lens ; two or three houses were in flames and a dull noise was heard which indicated what suffering was endured by a town taken by assault . , the post-chaise was waiting ; four powerful horses were already pawing the ground with impatience , while ali , apparently just arrived from a long walk , was standing at the foot of the steps , his face bathed in perspiration . those exercises in which monte cristo excelled . said milady , without appearing to remark the change of the duke ’ s tone toward <unk> “	115.10978698730469
now that i have received the instructions of your eminence as concerns your enemies , monseigneur will permit me to say a few words to him of mine ? ” my senses or not , ” answered franz , “ that is the way i feel . ” from fifty to fifty-two years of age , dark , with black eyes covered with <unk> eyebrows , and a thick moustache . is <unk> o ’ clock . one of these visions had ever addressed her in a living voice , and she was about to utter an exclamation . indiscreet ? ” she murmured to herself , then said aloud : asked the young man , surprised . i have , and i beg leave to tell you	65.00611877441406
that this is the bottom of my sack . ” a soldier then ? ” said the young man . ones cling to each other ; and , young as i was , i quite understood that some imminent danger was hanging over our heads . ” , that before receiving the order one must submit proofs . ” do as you will with me ; ” and then she added , in a low voice , “ oh , heavens , what will befall me ? ” ” said fernand , restraining him , “ stay ! ” four quarters of the globe could provide was heaped in vases from china and jars from japan . , his heart palpitated with joy when he saw that tall	115.31690216064453
form and martial demeanor , which recalled to him a good and brave man . the young lieutenant gave to the same individuals proved to milady that her servants were the same men as her guards ; that is to say , soldiers . ” said the queen ; “ i will follow you . ” you , too happy should my prayer be favorably heard . ” this , the cardinal had not yet said a word about the duke of buckingham . but you did not answer me ; i wished to follow you , but my horse was too much fatigued to go at the same pace with yours . the branches or brush away the moss to know where the <unk> were . a	83.50044250488281
moment towards the procureur , who sat as motionless as though a thunderbolt had changed him into a corpse . lost ; and <unk> everything is for the best . ” word , but comprehended very little of what was said . is given . ” her room , resigned her to the care of her attendants , and returning to his study , which he shut quickly this time , he again copied the destroyed will . not seem convinced . left the kitchen on the right , and entered the reception room . and never stirred , ” said mordaunt . then , in sinbad the sailor ? ” asked he , smiling . to have too high a sense of her duty , sire .	75.36553192138672
” <unk> the door , antoine . ” feelings ? ” said monte cristo , turning to the young man . give caderousse a little courage . child ! said franz , <unk> himself . answer , ” replied athos . see me , thinking to make me happy . , will you consent to tell your name ? ” said the president . to tréville , who left him and rejoined the musketeers , whom he found sharing the forty pistoles with d ’ artagnan . had gone out and every one was frightened . of love i have rendered myself culpable toward you , you will pardon me ? ” , and disappeared behind the tapestry , leaving the major fascinated beyond expression with the delightful	62.13916015625
reception which he had received at the hands of the count . <unk> on the warlike countenance of d ’ artagnan , which betrayed a singular expression of deep feeling . wish for ? ” asked she . , which he had placed against an old cupboard , and went out . to be offered to you , and to be transmitted to you . the noise . ’ t know ; he had enough , and set off without waiting for the rest . will ; the countess g—— , who knew lord ruthven , declared that the count was a vampire . ” thing might be had . ” but wishing to know what this prediction was , about which they disputed , he remained in	55.425533294677734
the same place . in that quarter . ” with me , aramis ? ” ” they all asked together in a low tone . you , ” said the executioner . without taking the money , made a sign to him to follow . you , ” said monte cristo graciously , “ and pocket them. ” and he placed the bonds in his pocket-book . smile of profound tenderness , extended his hand , and she carried it to her lips . , who , during the observations of the two friends , had passed and repassed behind them several times , stopped at the name of de winter ; but as his face betrayed no emotion at mention of this name , it might have	52.817138671875
been by chance he stood so still . that if we had not taken this precaution , we should have been exposed to allowing you to pass without presenting you our respects or offering you our thanks for the favor you have done us in uniting us . this hour , if the money is not forthcoming , he blows out the prisoner ’ s brains with a pistol-shot , or plants his dagger in his heart , and that settles the account . ” moment one of the seven kings of paris , and has a court . olivain had already dismounted and were attempting to raise the struggling horse . letter of the cardinal spada was singularly circumstantial , and dantès repeated it to himself ,	126.95854949951172
from one end to the other , for he had not forgotten a word . de ville , where madame de longueville was <unk> . ” an important mission , had come an hour before your arrival , seeking hospitality , at the very moment that the curé , summoned to the bedside of a dying person , left not only his house but the village , for the entire night . ” said porthos , drawing himself up proudly ; “ how so ? ” more <unk> upon the fingers or upon benedictions , hey ? ” of <unk> ’ <unk> . repast , when i felt myself sink by degrees into a strange torpor . the deceased are in perfect order , and her will bequeaths	95.53972625732422
to valentine the entire property of the saint-méran family ; the notary showed me the documents yesterday , which will enable us to draw up the contract immediately . sake , beauchamp , ” returned morcerf , “ do not deprive me of the merit of introducing him everywhere . these ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . we must have peace in the house ; and 100,000 francs for a lady and gentleman to be properly instructed in music and dancing are not too much . , at the hour debray usually chose to pay a visit to madame danglars on his way to his office , his _coupé_ did not appear . ” it was all exactly as you say ! ” cried madame de chevreuse	87.97801971435547
, clapping her hands . father . the trembling step and agitated countenance of franz when he quitted the chamber of m. noirtier , even she would have been constrained to pity him . tent pressed a crowd of gentlemen and ladies . choose to discover yourself , because you are the leader of an ambuscade , ” returned d ’ artagnan ; “ but with regard to myself , who am traveling quietly with my own servant , i have not the same reasons as you have to conceal my name . ” ! , i shall never forget the reproachful look which he cast on me , and the tears of utter despair which chased each other down his lifeless cheeks . step backward , became	120.5823745727539
so pale that it might be said she was dying , and leaning with her left hand upon a table behind her to keep herself from falling , she with her right hand drew the paper from her bosom and held it out to the keeper of the seals . , i must be satisfied that you are the person i am in search of . ” dark and mysterious , others noisy and lighted up with torches . to be content with anything short of an entire retractation . ” rendered him a service that can never be forgotten ? ” bring him here at eight o ’ clock , sir , and may heaven bless you as i bless you ! ” such a desperate proof	85.55223846435547
in figures ? , and who have the means of gratifying every wish , ” said emmanuel , “ know not what is the real happiness of life , just as those who have been tossed on the stormy waters of the ocean on a few <unk> planks can alone realize the blessings of fair weather . ” , do you say ? ” years , morrel , ” said the count , placing his hand on the young man ’ s shoulder . about the catalan village . words spoken in that interview had borne their fruit , and that he desired another under the same conditions . of an hour you will be safe ; and think that what you are about to do is for	77.83634948730469
_his_ sake . ” longer any hope of making his master renounce his project , heaved a profound sigh and set to work to groom the third horse . more i beg pardon ; perhaps you are an officer that i am detaining here. ” and he glanced timidly at the count ’ s blue coat . glass of sherry and another biscuit . ” such a rock ; he would break you like glass . ” the young man , looking fearfully around him . without waiting for one , but he called me back and gave me this ; ” and he presented a little leather bag , plump and giving out a golden <unk> . ” athos , waiting till d ’ artagnan , who	111.44120788574219
went to thank monsieur de tréville , had shut the door , “ besides , there is that beautiful ring which beams from the finger of our friend . , ” answered the gascon . ’ s no matter , ’ replied caderousse , ‘ i will go back with you to fetch the other 5,000 francs . ’ ” said d ’ artagnan , trying to laugh , “ do you know we look very much like a flock of silly , <unk> women ! very bad night . in the capital of the christian world , ” returned the count quietly . to stop this torrent of <unk> . he , “ i will swim on until i am worn out , or the cramp seizes	57.107215881347656
me , and then i shall sink ; ” and he struck out with the energy of despair . man or devil , body or shadow , illusion or reality , this man is born for my <unk> ; for his flight has caused us to miss a glorious affair , <unk> affair by which there were a hundred pistoles , and perhaps more , to be gained . ” accident . that i shall live ? ” ” replied the sergeant , “ their vehicle has broken down a second time ; it really must be doomed . ” of the brigands remarked to his comrades that cucumetto was stationed ten paces in carlini ’ s rear when he fell . for us , ” said athos	89.99468231201172
. have escaped ; they have cut the cord and gone off with the boat . ” there ? ” , having no straw to lie upon , had helped himself to that of the horses . hour the porter returned with a <unk> and horses , which were harnessed , and put in the post-chaise in a minute , while the porter fastened the portmanteau on with the assistance of a cord and strap . , ” asked he , “ a letter <unk> you to me ? ” the other soldier , and the perils they had encountered . watch over your future destiny , morrel , to pray sometimes for a man , who , like satan , thought himself for an instant equal to	92.77853393554688
god , but who now acknowledges with christian humility that god alone possesses supreme power and infinite wisdom . of the conqueror of lens was the pretext for giving a grand banquet . your forty methods , your highness ? ” entered the adjoining room , which baptistin had designated as the drawing-room , and found there a young man , of graceful demeanor and elegant appearance , who had arrived in a cab about half an hour previously . freely than he had done for some time . ; let us go , porthos , but let us go well armed ; were we not to keep the rendezvous , they would declare we were afraid . ” said the king . me , and want to	146.09661865234375
try me ! ” said d ’ artagnan , whom anger began to take by the hair , as minerva takes achilles , in the <unk> . indeed a true royal jewel , which is worth a thousand pistoles if it is worth a <unk> . public prison , and with privations of all sorts ; still , by degrees nature , or rather custom , had prevailed , and he suffered from being naked , dirty , and hungry . the young man , who detached himself from the wall like a statue walking from its niche , and at the noise of the steps which she heard resound behind her , mme . , till my legs no longer serve , till my heart bursts in	142.26123046875
my bosom but i will arrive before they do . ” cavalcanti , the marquis his father , madame danglars , m. and madame de villefort , <unk> people , —m . come ? ” asked the prince in a low voice , addressing his brother . , however , when he saw that this place was already taken by a <unk> named mousqueton , and when porthos signified to him that the state of his household , though great , would not support two servants , and that he must enter into the service of d ’ artagnan . anne of austria , tired of these vague attacks , “ but , sire , you do not tell me all that you have in your heart .	57.67288589477539
that his head was just above the round of the barrel , and under the large hat he recognized the pale face of mordaunt . sister ; <unk> is dead , but he is avenged . ’ am a man , and have suffered like yourself , and also contemplated suicide ; indeed , often since misfortune has left me i have longed for the delights of an eternal sleep . ” too much respect the laws of hospitality to ask your name or title . ’ <unk> be <unk> in him to tremble , ” replied aramis , “ for even i feel a shudder at the recollection ; hold , just above that tree is the little spot where i thought i was killed . ”	126.62167358398438
you ? ” , athos ; one can hide nothing from you , ” answered d ’ artagnan . ” thirty-six or thirty-seven years of age , hair , mustaches , and royal , all began to be gray . de beaufort ! ” cried the sentinels . her oratory , furious . she said , “ by these sacred relics that buckingham was not my lover . ” arm to mme . an agreeable surprise ; but , strange to say , this portrait seemed to displease my father , and the value of the picture , which is , as you see , one of the best works of léopold robert , could not overcome his dislike to it . , is because nobody is more	75.16663360595703
worthy than yourself . ” . <unk> was but a servant , please to <unk> blessed with the hands ; he held out both his arms while the <unk> beat their enemies , and then he blessed them with his two hands . and irrevocable . dantès , with astonishment , “ do you possess any ? ” most commonplace air to your explanation , but it is not the less true that <unk> , but what do i hear ? ” and morcerf inclined his head towards the door , through which sounds seemed to issue resembling those of a <unk> . ! ” not hinder me from being entirely devoted to his service , as i am to that of your majesty . ” of what	80.17138671875
consequence is it if she kills me ? ” said athos . not as he entered , cromwell did not move . him . ” recesses of the earth , and are dazzled at the sight of so much riches . the news they had each been charged to obtain , but nothing positive had been learned . not know your house ? ” asked debray . of our family are arranged , as we hope they will be , i believe she will run the risk of being damned , and will return to those she regrets , particularly as she knows they are always thinking of her . ” said d ’ avrigny , struck with a sudden thought , “ has it occurred to you	74.28921508789062
” <unk> did not let him finish . but i don ’ t much like it boiled or roasted . ” complete silence , during which dantès , still listening , knew that the doctor was examining the corpse a second time . ” ” she said , “ the arch <unk> ! ” as it will be the prelude to a better . ” depart , if i give you that you demand ? ” was shut ; but he leaped over the hedge , and in spite of the barking of a <unk> dog , went up to the cabin . was again ordered , and this time it went to the rue fontaine-saint-georges , and stopped at no . the young officer , “ speak	65.56553649902344
, then , speak ! ” consolation at the contemplation of the yawning abyss , at the bottom of which lie darkness and obscurity . aramis , let us travel on . ” ” , and the rochellais did not surrender . , ” said d ’ artagnan . already told you , i have an instinctive affection for him , the source of which i can not explain to you . m. de busigny was the first to come and shake athos by the hand , and acknowledge that the wager was lost . for some time , then ? ” merry companion , my dear d ’ artagnan , ” he said , “ and your witty gascon fancy has not deserted you . ” information	50.667110443115234
on that point ? ? ” who would be honored by joining in the sport with me . ” must serve me as guides . may be the master ’ s intention . ” a <unk> ” other three exclaimed . his orders . it is to see a thing on which i have sometimes <unk> for hours together . ” said maximilian , “ i pity her very much ; she is so noble a woman ! ” said porthos , “ i shall eat nothing if they do not take it away . ” swear to you , for i have got to the end of my strength , that i will dash my brains out against the wall , and you will have my death	53.93255615234375
to reproach yourself with . ” ; and during its progress the count of morcerf , according to his promise , made his appearance in the box of madame danglars . <unk> ! ” fatal and sanguinary intention to destroy that son of whom m. de morcerf was so proud ? you ? ” said the governor . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i see that although we have had the honor of traveling in your company you do not know us . age of extravagant hopes , monseigneur , ” said d ’ artagnan . band of followers , and followed the footsteps of <unk> and <unk> , whom he hoped to surpass . ’ s horses , and have your own gallant steeds led	63.01934051513672
along carefully by hand , at short stages . ” , mr. president . utter amazement . good a comrade to leave his brothers in embarrassment while he wears the ransom of a king on his finger . ” put it in execution that very minute . ” evidently intended to arrest her arm , and she slowly withdrew it . demon sent upon the earth ! ” said athos . fire on him ? ” of me , rochefort ? ” ? ” asked the count . wake early he did not close the shutters , but contented himself with bolting the door and placing on the table an <unk> and <unk> knife , whose temper he well knew , and which was never absent from him	138.84738159179688
. <unk> they found themselves within about sixty paces of the bastion . a cab at the top of the faubourg <unk> . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i am delighted to see with what wonderful composure you can tell a lie even in church ! ” only their orders , attempted to force him along . a fellow he is ; a man who nearly killed mazarin between two doors . wine <unk> to observe that in passing . . who , hearing of faria ’ s illness from the jailer , had come in person to see him . each other , and grew pale . ? ” exclaimed emmanuel , while two large tears rolled down julie ’ s cheeks , “ never	89.23104858398438
behold you again ? , the bandits could perceive , by the firelight , the unearthly pallor of the young girl and of diavolaccio . a murmur escaped me . at the distance of thirty paces , and at each cast he caught the neck of the bottle in his running <unk> . , ” said he , “ you see how far my enemies go ; they menace you with two wars if you do not dismiss me . the door of a cabaret , left bazin with him , who , besides , in a skirmish was more embarrassing than useful , and set forward again in the hope of sleeping at amiens . would perhaps have doubted the sincerity of d ’ artagnan if the	116.61831665039062
wine had been bad ; but the wine was good , and he was convinced . , grimaud ? ” said aramis . help me to place this man in a place of safety . ” must be found who will serve as an instrument of god ’ s justice . ” ” had no intention of committing an indiscretion . ” power of her attention ; it was just light enough for her to see who was coming . viscount ! ” exclaimed franz . of the <unk> like a whale spouting , the vessel gives a last groan , <unk> round and round , and disappears , forming a vast <unk> in the ocean , and then all is over , so that in five minutes	85.90158081054688
nothing but the eye of god can see the vessel where she lies at the bottom of the sea . mme . of a second confidential epistle for his eminence . . behind him , set off at full gallop , followed by d ’ artagnan , who began to think he was in the merry maze of some fantastic dream . will only be put in the bastile ; if we are arrested it is a matter of the place de <unk> . ” her risk ; after the queen her departure would double mine ; then , the court once safe , i might be forgotten . ” said porthos , majestically ; and the two separated saying , “ till this evening . ” eve	77.1781997680664
of it . quietly , wholly ignorant of what had become of his wife , and caring very little about it . . into twenty-four hours , each hour into sixty minutes , and every minute <unk> into sixty seconds ? and oppresses me ; besides , he is a turbulent fellow , who will ruin our party . not doubt it . ” charged with the commission of endeavoring to induce the comte de morcerf to make some definite arrangement with the baron . ” ” aramis , “ any one but the comte de la fere and myself would have had you <unk> we have friends in <unk> we are contented with another course . shall rejoice in the prospect of your coming , and in	83.8126220703125
the evening dwell with delight on the happiness i have enjoyed in your presence ; then too , when alone , i can call forth mighty pictures of the past , see vast horizons bounded only by the <unk> mountains of pindus and olympus . mordaunt . , coolness , mildness even , in the voice of the young man , that milady felt reassured . raoul , putting the sword to his lips as he received it from the count , “ i owe you everything and yet this sword is the most precious gift you have yet made me . looking behind them or exchanging a word , fled at a rapid gallop , fording a little stream , of which none of them knew the	172.19766235351562
name , and leaving on their left a town which athos declared to be durham . were to see the plume of his hat , the end of his cloak , i should know <unk> ! _ ” me ? ” sirs , ” said the sick man , “ and may you both be blessed for your piety . gave you the preference . ! ” m. bonacieux was one of profound selfishness mixed with <unk> avarice , the whole <unk> with extreme cowardice . , do you not , madame ? entered ; when the door was closed behind them ; when the buzzing murmur of the antechamber , to which the summons which had been made had doubtless furnished fresh food , had recommenced ;	105.26703643798828
when m. de tréville had three or four times paced in silence , and with a frowning brow , the whole length of his cabinet , passing each time before porthos and aramis , who were as upright and silent as if on <unk> stopped all at once full in front of them , and covering them from head to foot with an angry look , “ do you know what the king said to me , ” cried he , “ and that no longer ago than yesterday evening—do you know , gentlemen ? ” of any interest that your heroic deputy could possibly have had in the destruction of that letter ? ” are right , ” said athos . , everybody is discontented , everybody	85.48413848876953
complains , but ‘ everybody ’ means ‘ nobody . ’ ” it ? ” the door inside , and open it to nobody unless you hear three taps like this ; ” and he tapped <unk> taps close together and pretty hard , the other after an interval , and lighter . , and when he returned to defend his benefactor , he was dead . had flourished , or was still flourishing , on their brow , that is seen on the brow of the culprit in your house . ” politeness . have nothing else with you . athos , trying to smile in his turn . not kill my father ? ” monsieur . ” and the cardinal with vexation ; although , distant	134.32713317871094
as they were from the queen , they could not count the studs . i will be there . ” early , but neither of them slept . cried d ’ artagnan ; “ ah ! from this habit that on the said first monday of april , 1625 , the citizens , on hearing the clamor , and seeing neither the <unk> standard nor the livery of the duc de richelieu , rushed toward the <unk> of the jolly miller . to live thirty years without this protection , you will say ; but i will endeavor a little to <unk> my meaning . ” cried buckingham , becoming as pale as a corpse ; “ two of the studs are wanting , there are only ten	89.8772201538086
. ” , some have suffered so much , and yet live , and have raised a new fortune on the ruin of all the promises of happiness which heaven had made <unk> the fragments of all the hope which god had given them ! a second a private door opened , and ali appeared , bringing two chibouques filled with excellent <unk> . door . yesterday addressed another epistle to her , still more pressing than the first . but that one of the chief <unk> of a courtier is to know when to forget . ” andrea to the scaffold , and there , in spite of his struggles , his bites , and his cries , had forced him to his knees . nearly healed	118.82374572753906
, and i am sure it is not that which gives you the most pain . ” on my way to the chamber . ” ” said he . between priests , a duel between allies ! ” tréville , a mere boy ! ” said athos . ’ artagnan , athos , porthos , and aramis , went out close behind her . ” said the visitor ; “ i have heard he had three or four millions . ” to a close a boy entered the church in great excitement , ran to the <unk> , dressed himself quickly in the choir robes , and cleaving , thanks to that uniform , the crowd that filled the temple , approached bazin , who , clad in	59.016578674316406
his blue robe , was standing gravely in his place at the entrance to the choir . with him , madame ? ” queen ’ s invalid , with a pension of fifteen hundred francs . 1815 . ” . ” ; but it will break his heart . mercédès with a mournful smile . came in the direction of the public <unk> . not leave this place , ’ said he . said the sergeant , “ it is not permitted to stop here . ” an <unk> income of 50,000 livres will enable you to support it admirably . judge , i suppose this to be a quarter of my father ’ s revenue . ” exclaimed ; “ he was taken at compiègne , and	45.35026168823242
all is over . ” forth in section 3 below . the precaution to set apart four trusses for his own use . ” 250,000 francs ? —it is no business of mine . ” it , my lord . ” . your struggle with <unk> with that <unk> eagle which god sends to bear aloft the elect to his feet . letters of recommendation for the <unk> ; i gave her a few lines for the director of the valle theatre , who is under some obligation to me . to slay , but it was well felt that the inclination to do so was not wanting . . all the visions she beheld were but the children of her imagination , and the conviction was strengthened	141.04937744140625
by the fact that in the morning no traces remained of the nocturnal phantoms , who disappeared with the coming of daylight . and mademoiselle d ’ armilly . fine doings , if you do not take care . ” order , sir ; let us do things in order . ” much bewildered as the first had been by the simple and firm declaration of the musketeer , upon whom he was anxious to take the revenge which men of the robe like at all times to gain over men of the sword ; but the name of m. de tréville , and that of m. de la trémouille , commanded a little reflection . avoid <unk> the freshness of the magnificent baldric we are acquainted with	78.98782348632812
; but on timidly opening his eyes , he found himself with his nose fixed between the two shoulders of <unk> is to say , exactly upon the baldric . midst of them , his hat on his head , his brows bent , striking his boot with his riding whip . stood on end . the procurator ’ s wife . saw a horseman , as it were , detach himself from the wall and follow him at a little distance . place in less than three months , ” said villefort . <unk> the <unk> , not the <unk> . ” the holy cross ; i only regret it because she was a woman . ” sir , ” said she ; “ i have had	59.80445861816406
greater men than you <unk> ! ” waiting , ” said monte cristo , smiling . was with me he kept me up ; but he is gone and can no longer send us news of himself , either to me or to your father . , recall old recollections ; she would supplicate him by the remembrance of guilty , yet happy days . how suddenly i snatched him from those <unk> which he so imprudently touched ? ” wounded in his self-love could let fall in the shape of imprecations and reproaches upon the head of a woman porthos let fall upon the bowed head of the procurator ’ s wife . ” said d ’ artagnan in his most fascinating voice and manner . from	135.15542602539062
these reflections by lubin , who uttered loud cries and screamed for help with all his might . him in again , and by the light of a lamp on the staircase made him ascend the steps backward one by one , keeping his eyes all the time on mordaunt ’ s hands , who , however , knowing that it was useless , attempted no resistance . her falling asleep . replied the visitor , changing his <unk> , “ know enough of english to keep up the conversation . so firm a tone that the color mounted to valentine ’ s cheeks . had not been laden , and i had been her master , he would have bought her . not be displeased , sir	122.89007568359375
, that valentine has not come with us , or that i dismissed barrois , for our conference will be one which could not with propriety be carried on in the presence of either . . château-renaud . i assure you you are mistaken . ” she had not recognized him . by which you can escape this time but those of hell . ” live ; i shall struggle to the very last ; i will yet win back the happiness of which i have been deprived . valentine ; “ who could desire my death ? ” my lord . ” we must do now . ” quixote of eighteen ; a don quixote without his <unk> , without his coat of mail , without his	98.30877685546875
<unk> ; a don quixote clothed in a <unk> doublet , the blue color of which had faded into a <unk> shade between lees of wine and a heavenly azure ; face long and brown ; high cheek bones , a sign of sagacity ; the <unk> muscles enormously developed , an infallible sign by which a gascon may always be detected , even without his <unk> our young man wore a cap set off with a sort of feather ; the eye open and intelligent ; the nose hooked , but finely <unk> . , he contented himself with calling the woman who waited on milady , and when she was come , he recommended the prisoner , who was still fainting , to her care ,	230.22286987304688
and left them alone . , which , owing to the noise , could scarcely have been heard , two or three musket shots resounded , succeeded by a terrible discharge . asked the groom . it is neither your majesty nor myself who can charge himself with such a mission . ” not be deceived ; this was murder in every sense of the word . ” an opening in another direction from that which has so unfortunately failed ? ” that this sort of narrative amused her very much , and kept at it ; only she now let her conversation <unk> toward the cardinal . ? ” doubt : the treasure was there—no one would have been at such pains to conceal an empty casket	119.31150817871094
. , and the bandit saluted them . ” , to horse ! ” man ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ again he , forever he ! object was like <unk> rescue the holy sepulchre . ” , ” he said ; “ brucine is no longer employed , but a simple narcotic ! nourishment ? ” said blaisois , pointing to the barley bread and pot of beer upon the table . queen , and every time he passed by her , he devoured with his eyes those studs of which he could not ascertain the number . name of an island , and he has a family name . ” . ” my boy ; now i have found you , nothing prevents my	64.95282745361328
being as <unk> as anyone , knowing , as i do , the goodness of your heart . i ’ m your man . ” ” about for a minute or two , mme . worship wish for ? ” is marvellous , m. albert . for a few days longer ; we must accustom ourselves to parting . is ? had told the truth when they announced to morcerf the proposed visit of the major , which had served monte cristo as a pretext for declining albert ’ s invitation . you can wear it ; but should it be too tight , never mind , you can wear the breastplate and the hat with the red feathers . ” you , but you will be duly	110.320068359375
acquainted with the reasons that have rendered such a step necessary at the preliminary examination . ” tempting me ? ” , and i the only one to do <unk> was i able to save my son alone ? now if he does not recognize me ! ’ each word fell like a dagger on morcerf , and deprived him of a portion of his energy ; as she uttered the last , he hid his mutilated hand hastily in his bosom , and fell back on his seat , overwhelmed by wretchedness and despair . as fat as a <unk> , rolling about with rude health , <unk> out with good living , who , recognizing d ’ artagnan and acting very differently from the hypocrite bazin	147.78416442871094
, slipped off his horse and approached the officer with his hat off , so that the homage of the assembled crowd was turned toward this new sun , which eclipsed the former <unk> . said monte cristo ; “ now you must permit me to take my leave of you . ” up together , passing all their time with each other , and giving themselves up to the wild ideas of their different characters . before everything else , and at all risks , that i should cause all traces of the past to <unk> i should destroy every material vestige ; too much reality would always remain in my recollection . talent are they celebrated ? , ” returned raoul , blushing still more deeply	117.4620361328125
, “ i know no more than i did before . say , what i know . ” , dear friend , on that account ; if you have done nothing as yet , you will do something soon , ” replied athos . suspected that that which was deferred was not relinquished . about that cursed affair ? ” asked aramis , “ in which case i do not greatly care to go , for it will be to pocket a <unk> ; and since it is my function to give them to others i am rather averse to receiving them myself . ” , saying , “ it is very warm , and the heat affects m. <unk> ” he then returned to his place ,	83.42868041992188
but did not sit down . say that we had too much trouble in taking him to let him off so easily . ” ; of the king and queen of france , and form part of the company of monsieur dessessart , who , as well as his brother-in-law , monsieur de tréville , is particularly attached to their majesties . , whilst d ’ artagnan was on his right ; each guarded a door and served as a rampart to him on either side . find your father a very <unk> person , i assure you . ” ? ” continued the notary , addressing the old man . , ’ said la carconte ; ‘ do you hear that ? be pressed ; when pressed	49.997047424316406
, they will confess everything . stopped at the first tavern and made each horse swallow a double quantity of corn steeped in wine ; they gave them three hours ’ rest and then set off again . ; “ but i warn m. d ’ épinay , that during my <unk> my father ’ s will shall never be questioned , my position forbidding any doubt to be entertained . ” what caused the count ’ s voice to <unk> so deeply , and what made his eye flash , which was in general so clear , lustrous , and <unk> when he pleased . had contrived to <unk> the cord which fastened her feet . readiness to march to-night . ” thought he , “ will	126.81617736816406
make a great sensation at m. de saint-méran ’ s ; ” and he arranged mentally , while dantès awaited further questions , the <unk> by which <unk> often create a reputation for eloquence . commotion . a victory ! ” cried the king , all radiant , “ a complete victory ! ” of a man whom i not only detested , but <unk> a man capable of anything , and who had already given me a fatal proof of what he was able to do . ” young men made no attempt at resistance , but blindly and <unk> surrendered themselves into the care and custody of their conductors . cried d ’ artagnan . your mind at last , my lord ? ” said rochefort	100.29316711425781
. : be he ever so cunning he shall never say i was his dupe . such as i am , a person sentenced to be hung . ” with a little forethought one can lead a merry life anywhere and everywhere , ” said d ’ artagnan . of la rochelle , and the assassination of three of four thousand huguenots who allowed themselves to be killed , would resemble too closely , in 1628 , the massacre of st. bartholomew in <unk> ; and then , above all this , this extreme measure , which was not at all repugnant to the king , good catholic as he was , always fell before this argument of the besieging <unk> rochelle is impregnable except to famine .	178.43792724609375
whole conversation morcerf had never once dared to ask if it was on his own account that danglars recalled his word . of <unk> , all the <unk> of the garden had disappeared , the trees were nothing more than <unk> with their long bony arms , and the dead leaves sounded on the gravel under my feet . in this part of the street ; and only two windows looking toward the road , one of which was in a pavilion parallel to that which aramis occupied , the other belonging to aramis himself . we shall hear that our friend is released ! ” the hand thus extended to him and grasped it with the vehemence of despair . franz , laughing , “ in token	97.86491394042969
of your ingratitude . ” made felton a man inaccessible to ordinary seductions . sir , ” said anne . , but marching with a firm step , was charles stuart , who advanced between two priests , followed by a few superior officers appointed to preside at the execution and attended by two files of partisans who took their places on opposite sides of the scaffold . when villefort threw himself <unk> into a chair . a pistole to accompany him , but the man refused . come to such a country for , athos ? of the four , was to follow that by which the carriage had gone upon which the four friends had fired , and which was accompanied , as may be remembered	129.1502227783203
, by rochefort ’ s servant . for execution . three months before had no desire but liberty had now not liberty enough , and panted for wealth . of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.f.3 , this work is provided to you ‘ as-is ’ , with no other warranties of any kind , express or implied , including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for any purpose . short time to receive the compliments of the city <unk> and to reply to the salutations of the ladies . this was the name by which de winter had called the man they had found in the passage of the king ’ s tent . he had . , ” said de blacas	126.8511962890625
, biting his nails with impatience . said milady , coolly , “ such a woman may be found . ” attached to the farm of the count of san-felice , situated between palestrina and the lake of <unk> ; he was born at pampinara , and entered the count ’ s service when he was five years old ; his father was also a shepherd , who owned a small flock , and lived by the <unk> and the <unk> , which he sold at rome . all , and in this way they will chase him to paris , without drawing a trigger . ” up with interfering in the affairs of their countrymen who travel . ” the neighborhood . ” three months <unk> agent	69.02843475341797
of thomson & <unk> , announce his arrival to me . ” said morrel in a hoarse voice , “ tell them that i am her betrothed . letter written ? ” , i gave him absolution in <unk> <unk> . descended , as pale as though he had issued from his tomb instead of his carriage . in this difficulty a bright idea has flashed across my brain . ” , whose mysterious meeting in the colosseum he had so unintentionally witnessed , was an entire stranger to him , but not so the other ; and though franz had been unable to distinguish his features , from his being either wrapped in his mantle or obscured by the shadow , the tones of his voice had	97.09748840332031
made too powerful an impression on him the first time he had heard them for him ever again to forget them , hear them when or where he might . that d ’ artagnan was still thinking of the husband . you my plan . ” passion in his heart , as every fruit has its <unk> ; that of the telegraph man was horticulture . , placed it on his head , seized one of the timbers , and struck out so as to cut across the course the vessel was taking . , ” cried franz , “ here is a bandit for you at last . ” i ’ faith , ” said gondy , laughing ; “ but i have , you must know	57.409263610839844
, always had , in spite of my bands , warlike <unk> . ” the lighted window . waited till now ? . ” ; the poor young girl had stolen the sacred vessels from a church . ” point of starting on a journey , ” replied morrel disdainfully . orders , for as he reached the bottom step his carriage came from the coach-house ready for him . a quarter of an hour and just as twilight was beginning to thicken , a carriage appeared , coming at a quick pace on the road of sèvres . you back . ” count , fixing his eyes on the steward , to whom he gave this order . him ; and five minutes after , a boat	80.01060485839844
appeared , rowed by four men . the beverage prepared by the doctor within reach of the patient , and locked the door , was listening with terror to the comments of the servants in the kitchen , and <unk> her memory with all the horrible stories which had for some months past amused the occupants of the antechambers in the house of the king ’ s attorney . as <unk> . ” ! ” cried the priest , with a laugh which made the dying man ’ s hair stand on end ; “ i , absolve you ? ” said milady , in her softest voice , and pressing his hand in her own , “ i am happy in the love which your looks and	71.81827545166016
your words have expressed to me every time we have met . to be unjust to them , monsieur ; they are your compatriots . ” bed , was <unk> on his cloak for him , a second knock at the door was heard . noblemen marry amongst themselves , do they not ? ” asked danglars carelessly ; “ they like to unite their fortunes . ” horse was entered under the name of vampa ? ” that point , for the musketeers belong to our forces and monsieur de <unk> , the substitute for monsieur d ’ artagnan , still holds his place . ” d ’ artagnan : “ in this direction i am <unk> ” he pressed aramis ’ s hand and went in	85.44779205322266
search of porthos . then ? ” of this angelic creature ! ” cried felton . ? ” he acknowledges me . ” , and she was charming , winning the good superior by her varied conversation and by the graces of her whole <unk> . ” asked athos . on your knowledge ; such learning is very rare among ladies . ” temples of debray , who held a million in his pocket-book , and <unk> as he was he could not help reflecting that the same house had contained two women , one of whom , justly dishonored , had left it poor with 1,500,000 francs under her cloak , while the other , unjustly stricken , but sublime in her misfortune , was yet rich	121.20085144042969
with a few deniers . the signals . ” anyone ’ s interest ? ” ” replied monte cristo taking the hand held out to him by the general ; “ in this instance i may fairly and freely accept your thanks ; but you have already tendered them , and fully discharged your <unk> indeed there existed <unk> i feel almost mortified to find you still reverting to the subject . and fixed glances , in her solitary apartment , how well the outbursts of passion which at times escape from the depths of her chest with her respiration , accompany the sound of the surf which rises , <unk> , <unk> , and breaks itself like an eternal and powerless despair against the rocks on which	206.60772705078125
is built this dark and lofty castle ! . ” the torch , sir . ” , he remained silent , with knitted brows . ; with certain people , everything comes round . ” ” witness a spectacle calculated to break down your pride . exclaimed d ’ artagnan . mother ; i know that from the gulf in which their enemies have plunged them they have risen with so much vigor and glory that in their turn they have ruled their former conquerors , and have punished them . that she might put her thoughts a little into order . my dear friend ? ” post , and smiled sadly on us as we entered . you for the sacrifice , ” said aramis ; “	113.48047637939453
but if your body be not greatly benefited by it , be assured your soul will . ” from father to son ; for the singular clause of the only will that had been found , had caused it to be regarded as a genuine relic , preserved in the family with superstitious veneration . perfectly comprehending the meaning of the question . so well that i ought to allow you all the time you require for your own . moment of being ordained , a little difficulty <unk> that would not interest you , and i am taking up your valuable time . ” by your kind intentions towards me , ” said monte cristo ; “ but this morning i purchased a very excellent pair of	120.8603515625
<unk> , and i do not think they were dear . , which although expected by monte cristo , is unexpected to our readers . them on my <unk> at chantilly , with a duel on his hands ; aramis at crèvecœur , with a ball in his shoulder ; and athos at amiens , detained by an accusation of coining . ” is a virtue sufficiently useless to musketeers , i know , but indispensable to churchmen ; and as i am only a musketeer provisionally , i hold it good to be prudent . winter , whose voice they heard , whilst his men , quitting their ranks , dispersed all over the plain . ! ” too late . , ” said porthos , “	98.05035400390625
i am recruiting myself . a species of giant on the steps . my place . ” parts ? ” asked caderousse ; “ you only mentioned four persons . ” apprised him of all that was passing in her mind . you . ” he gave me and the cross i took from his hand ; he desired they should be returned to the queen . ” is that our material origin is revealed , ” cried sinbad ; “ we frequently pass so near to happiness without seeing , without regarding it , or if we do see and regard it , yet without recognizing it . on the ground . sure , he promised to rejoin us , and we have seen nothing of him	87.83977508544922
. ” took to his heels and ran toward the camp , with the swiftness of the young men of his country , so renowned for their agility ; but whatever might be his speed , the first who fired , having had time to reload , fired a second shot , and this time so well aimed that it struck his hat , and carried it ten paces from him . the 4th and 5th of september , madame morrel remained listening for every sound , and , until three o ’ clock in the morning , she heard her husband pacing the room in great agitation . good a swordsman to trifle with his opponent . examination of our cash takes place tomorrow . ” himself	121.36341857910156
that his strength was abandoning him , and he made several steps toward the door ; but the prisoner , whose eye never left him , sprang in pursuit of him and stopped him . sprang forward at the same instant , the one to recover , the other to obtain , the sword ; but d ’ artagnan , being the more active , reached it first and placed his foot upon it . wrote the following letter : murmured d ’ artagnan , to whom m. de tréville ’ s recommendation recurred , “ this animal will end by making me <unk> ” and he put his horse into a trot . her deep emotion when she rushed out of the room , descended to the	64.74974822998047
next floor , ran into the drawing-room with childlike joy and raised the crystal globe which covered the purse given by the unknown of the allées de meilhan . at châlons , where the count ’ s steamboat waited for them . . enough . ” ” man ’ s brain instantly responded to the idea that haunts all <unk> ! , if he had not understood it . the neighborhood of <unk> , i believe . ’ at boulogne . ” servant , ’ said one , and that applies very well to me . ” apply to me ? ” la fere , on the side of broussel , blancmesnil and <unk> ! the marquise : “ napoleon the type of equality ! first part of	75.88835144042969
his life had been <unk> by a woman and he thought with alarm of the influence love might assume over so fine , and at the same time so vigorous an organization as that of raoul . had nearly expired . well that , after the succession of misfortunes which had befallen his father , great changes had taken place in the style of living and housekeeping ; but he did not know that matters had reached such a point . three musketeers were much attached to their young comrade . the fowl ; it appeared very thin for the price it had cost . tore a page from his tablets and wrote : nothing remains in the memory but a vague mist in which a thousand confused	165.76266479492188
images of trees , mountains , and landscapes are lost . you 45,000 , ’ said he , ‘ but not a sou more ; besides , as that is the exact value of the stone , i brought just that sum with me . ’ he , “ you will be avenged , or i shall be dead . ” ! ” citizens , headed by one man , had attacked a carriage which was escorted by a troop of the cardinal ’ s <unk> ; but a reinforcement having come up , the assailants had been put to flight and the leader had taken refuge in the hotel next to his lodgings ; the house was now being searched . of the two and give me	85.6498794555664
yours . ” la ramee to sit down to table , the guards to go and drink , the duke to escape . no , i tell you ; one day , if i allow you to live , you will perhaps kill him , as you have the others ! ” ” on a camp bed , dressed in his black doublet , <unk> , <unk> , with his felt hat beside him , lay the king , overcome by sleep and fatigue . unfortunate being ? ” asked renée . years since the house had been occupied , ” said château-renaud , “ and it was quite melancholy to look at it , with the blinds closed , the doors locked , and the weeds in	67.52340698242188
the court . flight ; in ten minutes they will perhaps be here . ” ” indeed the same , ” said he ; “ and now , am i to rely upon an avowal extorted by religious or physical terror ? you . ” athos , “ we depart alone . ” a christian , ” cried dantès , guessing instinctively that this man meant to abandon him . athos . clothes was <unk> adopted . years old ? ” of that fact , ” answered monte cristo calmly . ” returned jacopo . honoré , and in the place du palais-cardinal they found the twelve invited musketeers , walking about in expectation of their comrades . knocked on the head . ’ ” he , “	71.88899230957031
return home . title sounded on his ear he rose , and addressing his colleagues , who were members of one or the other chamber , he said : avenge yourself on me , and i say that it is horrible ! ” , for this <unk> of m. morrel , himself the pearl of the honest men of marseilles , flattered him more than a present of fifty crowns . to the left . albert be not so rich as mademoiselle danglars , ” said the count , “ you must allow that he has a fine name ? ” composed until the name of villefort had been pronounced ; but then she became pale , and , rising , as if touched by a spring ,	67.91429138183594
she stretched out her hands as though conjuring an apparition ; she then took two or three steps towards her husband , as though to tear the secret from him , of which he was ignorant , or which he withheld from some odious calculation , <unk> , as all his calculations were . . ; i shall remain in italy for another year or two . ” ” ! ” dowry had been mentioned , morrel had been silent and sad . all , madame . each other . proved himself as brave and faithful as ever . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ for myself . of the carnival , for in spite of his condescension and touching kindness , one can not incline one	82.36699676513672
’ s self without awe before the venerable and noble old man called <unk> xvi . <unk> . ” over the body of your daughter . ” play the <unk> with an unarmed man ? ” : andrea had very cleverly managed to descend two-thirds of the chimney , but then his foot slipped , and notwithstanding his endeavors , he came into the room with more speed and noise than he intended . by the corsican to some priest , who in his turn has repeated it . ? ” took the precaution of drawing out your money the day before yesterday ; it is not long ago , you see , and i was in continual expectation of being called on to deliver up my accounts	151.5646514892578
. are watching over you and the hour of your deliverance is at hand . the harbor like a bird and the next morning franz disembarked at porto-ferrajo . mamma ? ” asked eugénie ; “ almost opposite to us , with that profusion of beautiful light hair ? ” said athos , phlegmatically . , for grimaud had stayed behind to take care of mousqueton . the wind ? ” is what you call devotion ! been with the object of her visit , the treatment she had received from these underlings appeared to her so insulting , that she began by complaining of it . wish you to reflect . ” , a famous french <unk> ( <unk> ) . some fruit ; then , remembering	121.98491668701172
the narcotic mixed with the water i had drunk , i would not touch that which was placed on the table , but filled my glass at a marble fountain fixed in the wall over my dressing table . ” replied the captain . the diamond cross and the star of the garter which she had sent him by those generous frenchmen ; he kissed it , and then , as he reflected , that she would never again see those things till he lay cold and mutilated in the tomb , there passed over him one of those icy <unk> which may be called <unk> of death . threw it to the foot of the wall . , dear grandfather ? ’ said i , ‘ are	91.62110137939453
you pleased ? ’ he gave me a sign in the affirmative . ? ” andrea , “ my father ’ s old servant . ; it is a snare to prevent your making any resistance when they come to fetch you . ” wait , ” replied morrel ; “ and i will wait . ” exclaimed in her softest and most captivating manner . the following epistle : his mind the <unk> whilst he admired the delicate tenderness with which it was bestowed . ” rejoined the leader , “ there ’ s no doubt ’ tis a gascon who is speaking , and therefore not the man we are looking for . of his , ” said danglars , shrugging his shoulders . they will	55.53913497924805
fight , none the less , if only to mask the conferences . ” my eyes shut . ” to the _pharaon_ , and brings you some tidings of her ? ” disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages . ” replied monte cristo ; “ i do not carry <unk> so far . and stopped in her flight ? he , “ i came quickly ; i wanted to speak to you . ” ” said the count , “ your invitation is most gracious , and i regret exceedingly that it is not in my power to accept it . from these three different men , comminges , guitant and villequier , confirmed him in his conviction that	88.06838989257812
in case of serious <unk> there would be no one on his side except the queen ; and then anne of austria had so often deserted her friends that her support seemed most precarious . he added with a smile , “ i leave you , <unk> ” albert understood his thoughts . expend considerable effort to identify , do copyright research on , transcribe and proofread works not protected by u.s. copyright law in creating the project gutenberg™ collection . , ‘ you are monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ’ i answered , ‘ you think so ? ’ my guards exclaimed that they were sure of it . at work at his poem , shut himself up in athos ’ s closet , and begged not	145.56771850585938
to be disturbed before the moment of drawing swords . had cleared the quai from the pont neuf to the quai saint michael , he raised his sword for them to double their speed . a jovial partner and dice , and guineas <unk> on the cloth , the night passes like a dream . sofa placed in an angle of the room , with her legs crossed under her in the eastern fashion , and seemed to have made for herself , as it were , a kind of nest in the rich indian <unk> which enveloped her . the proposition is tempting , but at present it is impossible to accept it . ” ” i will obey you , although i do not understand you	92.0344009399414
. ” it is your own doing . . ” wine from the hills of anjou . ” right . ” the carriage the president reminded the general of his promise to allow his eyes to be bandaged , to which he made no opposition . artagnan , ” said he , “ if you please , we will join our friends ; as i am rich , we will today begin to dine together again , expecting that you will be rich in your turn . ” at conversation with olivain he foresaw that many days passed thus would prove exceedingly dull ; and the count ’ s agreeable voice , his gentle and persuasive eloquence , recurred to his mind at the various towns through which	87.79358673095703
they journeyed and about which he had no longer any one to give him those interesting details which he would have drawn from athos , the most amusing and the best informed of guides . out to-night for paris . ” as true as my name ’ s <unk> butler . ” his melancholy ride , murmuring between his mustaches , “ these four men must positively be mine . ” , perhaps ? ” said the inspector . before , a fever had seized him in the midst of the parliament , while he was holding his bed of justice . ” said the prince , “ it is a long time since you saw your father , remain here with him . the science of <unk>	72.12446594238281
almost to a miraculous extent , for he was one of the <unk> who always work upon the body through the mind . it respectfully . ” said athos ; “ but they are only <unk> bad <unk> , who will be sure not to hit me . ” it—the cursed letter ! ” have it , ” said athos . the night together . ” said porthos , “ to recall where i had seen that mendicant whom i must have killed . ” the messenger with all the <unk> of enthusiasm . makes me shudder . ” eyes into the darkness as long as she could , and when he had quite disappeared , she went into the house with a sigh . confess to you	58.52701950073242
. s signature there was , indeed , the seal of the sublime emperor . word of honor , sir , ” said dantès ; “ but what is the matter ? majesty , king charles , my august consort , had been condemned to death by a majority of his subjects ! ” a tailor , till the trade fell off . on . ” ! ” cried morrel . in the despairing attitude in which we left her , plunged in an abyss of dismal <unk> dark hell at the gate of which she has almost left hope behind , because for the first time she doubts , for the first time she fears . coadjuteur . speaking seriously , athos ! ” said he ;	78.52523040771484
“ the king is surrounded by an army , which is conducting him to london . ? ” said he to the host , who advanced to greet him . say . said albert , “ if the way be picturesque . ” you will not oppose our executing the orders we have received ? ” asked one who appeared to be the leader of the party . ” said monte cristo , “ confess honestly that you have not perfect confidence in thomson & french . god , i swear to you , because this action , the only one with which i have seriously to reproach myself in all my life , is no doubt the cause of my <unk> condition . went off to the	49.282684326171875
bishop ’ s palace to see if he could possibly pass in with juxon to the king ’ s presence . state . say ? ” the little pavilion situated at the angle of the wall , of which all the windows were closed with shutters , except one on the first story . return to tours ; she is not faithless ; she still loves me ! certainly not intended to penetrate the <unk> of the campagna , he slid down like peppino , and closing his eyes fell upon his feet . said athos , “ what is to be done ? d ’ <unk> of the great florentine sculptor , <unk> <unk> , ” replied athos . carriage stopped before the door , and the	59.9879035949707
servant announced m. lucien debray . ? ” and he blew out the light . in la carconte , “ those two could crush you at a single blow ! ” d ’ artagnan went into the chamber . toward mousqueton , that he might forgive him for finishing an enterprise so brilliantly begun by another , he glided like a serpent through the opening and disappeared . doubt on that score . ” , ” eagerly replied the wounded man , who doubtless feared that the name of executioner would take from him the last help that he could <unk> “ that is to say , i was , but am no longer ; it is fifteen years since i gave up the office . unexpected visit	94.55619812011719
signified a desire to make up for the sharp words he had uttered during the day . the cavalier ; “ <unk> <unk> . ” the envoy , “ you do not go about it in the right way to kill him , if i understand you correctly . ” his coming into and going out of the <unk> the night when he introduced himself in the character of an italian fortune <unk> will tell him , that he may not doubt the <unk> of my information ; that he had under his cloak a large white robe <unk> with black tears , death ’ s heads , and <unk> in case of a surprise , he was to pass for the phantom of the white lady who	69.07901000976562
, as all the world knows , appears at the louvre every time any great event is <unk> . ” kind to me , ” replied dantès . heart of paris ; but a moment ago i heard the rumbling of the <unk> and the <unk> of the bells of the <unk> , and now i feel as if i were suddenly <unk> to the east ; not such as i have seen it , but such as my dreams have painted it . the steps that i expect you to pursue . security , or you will be lost ; but , on the <unk> it is i who say <unk> enemies in all directions . and was seized with pleasure . , and say to you	68.01686096191406
: friend felton , john , my child , guard me , and more particularly guard yourself , against this woman . there scarcely five minutes when m. de tréville entered . effort ; the sight of the young man was evidently painful to him , and there he still was , in fact , on the rock , the beacon shedding around him , as it were , a doubtful <unk> . imagine , ’ —and then paused . then ? ” the door , raoul blushed , athos made a sign to aramis , who went and hid himself in the enclosure of a window . high spirits , and seemed to have completely forgotten the events of the previous evening . galley-slave <unk> <unk> !	92.5218505859375
” way left you that is safe , ” said she ; “ it is through my grandfather ’ s <unk> ” she rose . wrist ? ” servant opened one of the four doors of the apartment , saying : , dantès , ” exclaimed the old man . shall be . ” , been involved in a dispute with the bishop of noyon in regard to the pierrefonds property , which adjoined his own , and weary at length of a legal <unk> which was beyond his comprehension , he put an end to it by purchasing pierrefonds and added that name to his others . ; and a few of those bottles of old burgundy wine , which cured your master so quickly of his	101.1207504272461
<unk> ! ” ” replied the abbé ; “ and you are the person whom m. de boville , formerly an inspector of prisons , sends to me from the prefect of police ? ” time that you refuse my love , which had your mother ’ s sanction . twenty-fifth , as they were entering arras , and as d ’ artagnan was dismounting at the inn of the golden harrow to drink a glass of wine , a horseman came out of the post yard , where he had just had a relay , started off at a gallop , and with a fresh horse took the road to paris . pay ? ” of that deep emotion which stops the beating of the heart and	61.24308776855469
<unk> the cheek . and the same cry , but that of athos <unk> all the rest . grimaud . ? ” down , the other remained standing . ” the owner , glancing after dantès , who was watching the anchoring of his vessel , “ it seems to me that a sailor needs not be so old as you say , danglars , to understand his business , for our friend edmond seems to understand it thoroughly , and not to require <unk> from anyone . ” his sufferings , with their train of gloomy <unk> , fled from his cell when the angel of death seemed about to enter . quarter past <unk> fact , in twenty minutes . ” avrigny , i beseech you	81.52804565429688
, do something for her ! ” . in your eyes , accustomed as they have been to gaze on such enchanted scenes ? ” hunting with the king . soldiers will pursue the wretched fugitive . door opened , the scene changed . well ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . the three musketeers all together , on seeing d ’ artagnan enter with his brow covered with perspiration and his countenance upset with anger . man , with black mustaches , dark eyes , and the air of a gentleman . ” , madame ? ” asked athos . . ” with attention the sapphire set with diamonds which had taken , on d ’ artagnan ’ s finger , the place of the queen ’	63.018348693847656
s ring , carefully kept in a casket . effort to do so , my good man. ” said d ’ avrigny . very considerably advanced the cause of science , doubtless ? ” la ramee , ” replied the cardinal “ let him prove a true and thankful keeper and we will shut our eyes upon his rural <unk> and put on his back a uniform to make him respectable , and in the pockets of that uniform some pistoles to drink to the king ’ s health . ” three , and of those who last entered , was to cast an inquiring glance at each other . go together to luigi vampa , i am sure he would not refuse you albert ’ s freedom	113.25241088867188
. ” _moccoletti_ , the darkness which had replaced the light , and the silence which had succeeded the <unk> , had left in franz ’ s mind a certain depression which was not free from uneasiness . although the voice as well as the countenance reminded them of someone they had seen , they could not remember under what circumstances . door , and looked at d ’ artagnan <unk> . for all this , ” cried the exasperated host . you can , florentin . hotel of the grand roi charlemagne and when athos inquired if his commission was executed , he related his adventure . you feeling ? ” only there to help him ! ” fair , ” said the seaman who had saved	92.40972900390625
dantès ; “ for you know more than we do . ” my father , a loyal gentleman . ? <unk> . and you must set off directly , ” replied mazarin ; “ go , pray , sir—— ” , but do not ask me to present him . turned dreadfully pale ; his eye seemed to burn with a devouring fire . wrote , and will show you my correspondence , if you like . ” consoled ? ” asked the count , surprised . and passed his arm through the opening . , i ask a hundred pardons ! , i greatly fear ; they have gone too far for him to pardon them , and there is nothing left to them but one thing	74.20771026611328
, and that is to kill him . ” cried the king . reign of king louis xiv . ” s probable , ” said d ’ artagnan . friend of ours . ” duke ? ” ” said the host , “ a person in a great hurry wishes to speak to one of you . ” on a cough , the cough an <unk> of the lungs , or some other complaint <unk> in the book of science , which , however , by no means <unk> it from being decidedly mortal ; and if it were not , would be sure to become so , thanks to the remedies applied by foolish doctors , who are generally bad chemists , and which will act in	62.62828826904297
favor of or against the malady , as you please ; and then there is a human being killed according to all the rules of art and skill , and of whom justice learns nothing , as was said by a terrible chemist of my acquaintance , the worthy abbé adelmonte of <unk> , in sicily , who has studied these national <unk> very profoundly . ” maximilian , “ you shall not leave him . answered dantès . madame morrel , making a sign to the young man , “ go and tell your father that maximilian has just arrived . ” after having followed the traces which the footsteps of the giant have left , and <unk> for <unk> . choose ; for my part ,	94.07108306884766
i shall go unarmed . ” breathed , no breath issued through the <unk> teeth ; the white lips no longer <unk> eyes were suffused with a bluish vapor , and the long black lashes rested on a cheek white as wax . , ” muttered danglars , holding out his pocket-book , “ and let me live here ; i ask no more for <unk> only ask to live ! ” fireplace and lit the fire , and although she had just left her bed , she could not resist the temptation offered by valentine ’ s sleep , so she threw herself into an armchair to snatch a little more rest . into three words : <unk> , est , <unk> . ” anne , with	145.08062744140625
a degree of haughtiness which to certain persons became impertinence , “ this is the reason that you trouble me in the midst of so many absorbing concerns ! the steps before the house he heard a voice say : ” about it . ” fellow , ” he muttered , shaking his head ; “ i said at the time he would create a sensation here , and i measure his effect by an infallible <unk> . in paris , morrel , on whom i could confer that honor besides you and your brother emmanuel . . reverend sir . a royalist , ” replied the general ; “ i have taken the oath of <unk> to louis xviii. , and i will adhere to it. ”	92.15217590332031
these words were followed by a general murmur , and it was evident that several of the members were discussing the propriety of making the general repent of his <unk> . the fatal spot without stopping . myself , for i had my sister-in-law to protect and provide for . supper , and went to bed . is a hundred and forty leagues ; before our letter was at angers we should be in a dungeon . ” vallon de bracieux de pierrefonds . two letters for d ’ artagnan . three times mentioned a m. morrel , ” he said ; “ who was he ? ” cardinal , m. de tréville was the man whose name was perhaps most frequently repeated by the military , and	75.72637176513672
even by citizens . , ” said athos . , not to kill him only—for i had an opportunity of doing so a hundred <unk> to kill him without being <unk> least , without being arrested . apartment , and came out again almost immediately , holding a rosewood casket in her hand , with her cipher encrusted with gold . come ? ” said he . ” ? ” said monte cristo , starting . live . ” monsieur chevalier ; it <unk> with my mistress ’ s by that door . large ground floor ; a first floor consisted of a salon , a <unk> , and two bedrooms ; near one of the bedrooms they came to a winding staircase that led down to the	85.78517150878906
garden . excitement of being hateful in the eyes of the accused , in order to <unk> one ’ s self into a state of sufficient vehemence and power . for ? ” asked another . my daughter , having no one else to love in the world . ” maximilian , is not a fable , but an <unk> . ” , ” whispered monte cristo , “ and put down your hatchet ; we shall require no arms . ” thanks to the strategic disposition of my forces , to intercept two couriers from mazarin to the queen . ” some cause for this strange scene . ” , bearing the woman in their arms , and carried her to the carriage , into which the	64.46306610107422
little old man got after her . and tell me what you think of it . ” where the art comes in . the whole scene of that challenge yesterday ; i have been thinking of your firmness all night , and i said to myself that justice must be on your side , or man ’ s countenance is no longer to be relied on . ” ! ” dame nanette sprang to the window , threw it open , and in such a piercing voice that it might have been heard in the square of notre dame : your whole story ? ” a cupboard , and returned with an old leathern pocket-book and a bag . of repugnance , he was about to pass without	85.84568786621094
speaking to him , but , as he had done the day before , m. bonacieux accosted him . this journey , my dear m. d ’ artagnan ? ” asked mazarin , anxiously . there is no <unk> comes by chance . ” banditti , ” said debray . the young man , who sobbed without weeping , tears glistened in the eyes of noirtier . at nîmes ? ” to me ! ” said the young man . difficulty which i wished to represent to you , my dear count . they any stairs with such windows ? ” the grecian affair ? naturally , according to his custom , that he must be the object of their conversation , and listened . poniards at la	53.32261657714844
ramee ’ s breast and i say to him , ‘ my friend , i am sorry for it , but if thou <unk> , if thou <unk> one cry , thou art a dead man ! ’ ” ! ” and he disappeared . to intimate that he is about to incur danger , perhaps death . ” to give up broussel as they demand ! so without questioning her lover as to where he was conducting her , for he appeared to her at this moment as handsome , proud , and powerful as a god . to table ; but they could not refrain from remarking the difference between the count of monte cristo ’ s table and that of signor pastrini . to the	93.50201416015625
captain , who will bring you to me . and said , hesitatingly : a half from the city , d ’ artagnan , finding that in his impatience he had set out too soon , stopped to give the horses breathing time . is quite another thing . to m. de la trémouille . the truth , my gentlemen , ” said he , addressing the musketeers , “ and it will not be my fault if our encounter this evening be not advantageous to you . more eloquent than my life , and the silence of the corpse will convince you much better than the words of the prisoner . ” strict obedience . de villefort ! ” said renée , becoming quite pale ; “	56.975486755371094
don ’ t you see how you are <unk> us ? —and yet you laugh . ” ” said the host , “ i have been wrong . though the doubt continued to exist . , ” asked franz , “ is not some execution appointed to take place today ? ” fro in the rooms like an <unk> and flow of <unk> , rubies , emeralds , <unk> , and diamonds . s musketeers and the cardinal ’ s guards worthy to stand near such great names . ” me into trouble , sir ? ” asked dantès ; “ for i did not even know of what i was the bearer ; and the emperor merely made such inquiries as he would of the first comer	61.81496810913086
. the <unk> ’ teeth , and shall trample the lions under foot , <unk> the lord . ” an armchair , writing , with his back towards the door ; he did not move as he heard it open , and the door-keeper pronounce the words , “ walk in , madame , ” and then <unk> it ; but no sooner had the man ’ s footsteps ceased , than he started up , drew the bolts , closed the curtains , and examined every corner of the room . one of the little windows of the hôtel de ville was thrown open , and the head of a gendarme appeared . the greatest man of ancient times . ” duke , so much the better	79.90267181396484
, ” said the king , advancing toward the door . with you ? we shall meet again , ” said mercédès , pointing to heaven with solemnity . , ” and monte cristo forced the bank-notes into his hand . the temples of d ’ artagnan , who arose , and replied : was only an officer coming to visit a lady . to caderousse , who collected all his strength , signed it , and fell back on his bed , saying : ’ clock struck . . the hundred days and after waterloo , remained in his dungeon , forgotten of earth and heaven . . ” violent crash was heard , and cries of distress . me the friendly affection of a brother .	58.0316162109375
said cromwell , “ that this improvised executioner did his duty remarkably well . go and speak to him myself. ” morrel went out , called baptistin , and whispered a few words to him . madame danglars , “ come and undress me . ” simple man ; that ’ s my great disadvantage . ” with well acted good-humor , “ i allow grimaud , but no one else ; you must manage it all . i wish you to contradict this <unk> ” beauchamp looked at albert with a benevolent expression . , d ’ artagnan , though princes often are ungrateful , god never is . ” letters to enter people ’ s houses in this manner . else , ” continued d ’	101.06488037109375
artagnan , turning his back . again drew the small box from his pocket , opened it , and contrived to hold it in such a light , that a bright flash of brilliant hues passed before the dazzled gaze of caderousse . are a corsican , that you had been unable to resist the desire of making a ‘ stiff , ’ as you call it . ” the life of lord de winter in his hands and did not kill him , by which i missed three hundred thousand livres ’ income . ” cried . not have that honor . ” ? word ? ” he said . , my prince ; a man of talent and merit , whom you will like , as	57.886383056640625
i and monsieur de chavigny do , i am sure . ” d ’ artagnan , “ the people are bowing very low to this person . ” ” said mazarin , with a grimace which he always made when spoken to about money . place he had pointed out as albert ’ s prison , and franz and the count followed him . tréville , and permitted him to distribute furloughs for four days , on condition that the favored parties should not appear in any public place , under penalty of the bastille . . ” a countenance full of intelligence , the play of which had been , nevertheless , subdued by age and experience ; and d ’ artagnan received the penetrating glance like	81.40847778320312
one who had formerly sustained many a searching look , very different , indeed , from those which were inquiringly directed on him at that instant . circumstance which created a powerful obstacle to the accomplishment of this threat ; which was , as we have related , that his sword had been in his first conflict broken in two , and which he had entirely forgotten . strange <unk> ” she checked herself . expressive language , have named it the “ lions ’ den , ” probably because the captives possess teeth which frequently <unk> the bars , and sometimes the keepers also . even belong to my band ; he was merely a poor shepherd , whose only crime consisted in furnishing us with provisions	289.76611328125
. ” on the deck . ’ s bed , while edmond himself remained standing . to go away ? ” , to discharge this duty , and to express to you my overwhelming gratitude . ” ’ clock in the afternoon when raoul arrived at compiegne ; there he dined heartily and again inquired about the young gentleman who was in advance of them . ” replied the queen , “ i have lost the habit of commanding and have adopted instead that of making petitions . monsieur , that a man may be estimable and trustworthy in private life , and the best seaman in the merchant service , and yet be , <unk> speaking , a great criminal . i have gone without my dinner	102.11436462402344
for ten years , and it is generally my best meal . ” , but the article is not mine ; indeed , i doubt if it will please m. villefort , for it says that if four successive deaths had happened anywhere else than in the house of the king ’ s attorney , he would have interested himself somewhat more about it . ” fortune to meet you , i beg you to receive them , and to hold me always as one of your friends . ” he ? ” , ” said du tremblay ; “ i am sent for to sign the release of a prisoner . to hunt , for he has neither dogs nor arms ; he ’ s not going	71.0738525390625
on a message , for he goes secretly . here alone ? ” and a splendid duel , too ; a duel in which i hope you will take your part . ” ” answered the old marchioness , without <unk> and without expression ; she appeared to be stupefied . , but we can not make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states . footman sprang off the box and opened the door . in much the same way . ; i shall find a way . ” gentleman to whom this horse <unk> officer , brave and handsome as a youthful caesar ; ” then , pretending to see raoul for the first time : dear sir , you are	82.46665954589844
the prisoner of a fellow countryman . ” you will let us , my good planchet . ” reference to the second-rate fortunes we were mentioning just now . ” let us do as did the amorous gascon ; we will see after the worthy mercer later . . , ” replied the stranger . chapter 27 . the first time , and he can tell you on what occasion ; he came to demand the rent of my lodging . to this valet-de-chambre , who was no other than bernouin , and he had during the last six or eight months introduced the gascon a dozen times to the cardinal . said caderousse . ensued and then , in a full , sonorous voice , the king	92.0826416015625
exclaimed : “ remember ! ” armed with a severity more austere than ever . ” artagnan had wounded him three times , exclaiming at each thrust , “ one for athos , one for porthos ; and one for aramis ! ” in conformity with the orders of the authorities , who sent me a reinforcement of six men , such measures as i thought necessary to get possession of the persons of the pretended <unk> . ” , and resolved to thrash planchet provisionally ; which he did with the <unk> that d ’ artagnan carried into everything . and d ’ artagnan poured out a glass of wine . written , if disguised . ” to pace the room in gloomy silence , <unk> avoiding	111.21321105957031
the sight of his guest ; but as soon as the stranger had completed his repast , the agitated innkeeper went eagerly to the door and opened it . eight o ’ clock that evening in the <unk> , and if postponement were necessary , the proceedings would be resumed each evening at the same hour . ? ” said the queen to aramis . , which seemed to strangle him , and passing his livid hand across his forehead , entered his study . us talk a little seriously , ” said milady , in her turn drawing her armchair nearer to d ’ artagnan ’ s chair . to set out ? ” any too clearly ; but then we know that understanding was not his	61.342254638671875
strong point . full project gutenberg license please read this before you distribute or use this work said danglars , “ it would not be a bad speculation , i fancy , and you know i am a speculator . ” say to an ensign ’ s commission in my guards , and a company after the campaign ? ” so am i ; his cassock is a burden to him and i imagine i have had enough of mine ; in fact , there is so much resemblance between us that i sometimes believe he is aramis and i am the coadjutor . after this ebullition he closed his eyes as if dazzled by internal light . porthos , “ this is my <unk> ” and find	109.26521301269531
if you can , any blemish in the language or <unk> ” the writing was , in reality , charming , and the orthography irreproachable . the porter was alarmed . , and that is all i want . m. d ’ avrigny ! ” artagnan , ” said aramis , “ don ’ t be too angry with me , i beg . and your masters commanded me to <unk> ” way , the sentence could not be executed . it , captain ; but perhaps i shall not be admitted to the grand-marshal ’ s presence as easily as you expect ? ’ , too , ” added d ’ artagnan , seeing the delight that his intelligence gave the young man . was engaged in	54.733306884765625
cutting the four sides of a pane of glass with a diamond . of retreat have been formed for a long time . too late ; albert had followed the footman , and , hearing the order given , forced the door open , and followed by beauchamp found himself in the banker ’ s study . said : ignorant that d ’ artagnan had overheard his conversation with the stranger of meung , related to his young tenant the persecutions of that monster , m. de <unk> , whom he never ceased to designate , during his account , by the title of the “ cardinal ’ s executioner , ” and expatiated at great length upon the bastille , the bolts , the <unk> , the	94.84949493408203
dungeons , the gratings , the instruments of torture . “ the keeper of the prison at saint germain will set councillor broussel at liberty ; ” and she had signed it . more climbed the staircase leading to her chamber , her body convulsed with chills , and her teeth rattling in her head , in spite of the intense heat of the weather . sir ; i was not praying . ” pressed his head within his hands , and during that brief period he became nearly mad with terror ; but soon a ray of hope glimmered in the multitude of thoughts which bewildered his mind , and a faint smile played upon his white lips and pallid cheeks . xviii. , who , employed	129.04994201660156
in writing a note , did not even raise his head . aware of the conversation that passed , the wooden partition which interposed between us and you has proved but a slight security . ” ? ” at every opening from this palace to which i should lead you . <unk> you not going to change your dress ? ” and i even feel here , at the bottom of my heart , something which speaks for you . this request ? ” and gloves . ” you , ” said the young man , evidently embarrassed how to begin the conversation ; “ yes , everyone in my family is well . ” she had experienced so many and such various emotions that if her frame	85.08260345458984
of iron was still capable of supporting fatigue , her mind required repose . offer her my services ? ” thought he . duke , ” replied louis xviii. , “ i think you are wrongly informed , and know positively that , on the contrary , it is very fine weather in that <unk> ” man of ability as he was , louis xviii . , i presume , of addressing m. de monte cristo . ” victims alarmed him ; he could not bear solitude shared only by two corpses . beauchamp , “ surely i am not deceived . ” little , it can hardly be called eating . ” ; she is a woman to return you the like , and not to fail	95.97162628173828
. ” be ? ” duke had escaped , the concierge had seen fit to fasten the gate with a double lock . said , turning towards his wondering son , when this disguise was completed , “ well , do you think your police will recognize me now . ” were informed of the honor accorded them . mistake owing to an error in my plans . rue <unk> were then , owing to their vicinity to the ramparts , less frequented than any others in that direction , for the town was <unk> inhabited <unk> . ” replied aramis , a little amazed by the shower of arguments that poured upon his head . ” thought athos . himself so powerfully that the tempestuous heaving of	152.7008056640625
his breast subsided , as turbulent and foaming waves yield to the sun ’ s <unk> influence when the cloud has passed . said the officer , in a jeering tone ; ‘ well , what do you want with me ? ’ ‘ i want you to spare time to take a walk with me. ’ ‘ tomorrow morning , if you like , with the greatest <unk> ’ ‘ no , not tomorrow morning , if you please , but <unk> ’ ‘ if you absolutely <unk> ’ ‘ i do insist upon it. ’ ‘ come , then . water in the hollow of his hand and threw it upon his face . resumed d ’ artagnan ; “ here is monsieur de bragelonne ,	111.10375213623047
who determined at all risks to aid the arrest of broussel and whom i had great difficulty to prevent defending monsieur de comminges . ” on the drawer of a small chest between the windows . into the street , saw the man who appeared to be waiting run in the same direction , and place himself against the angle of the wall where caderousse would come over . thus afforded to men and horses enabled them to continue their journey at a good round pace . friends sitting at table before a good fire , drinking a bottle of port and devouring a cold chicken . , morrel was not even out of breath , for love lends wings to our desires ; but barrois , who	161.38497924804688
had long forgotten what it was to love , was <unk> fatigued by the expedition he had been constrained to use . madame , and i will not finish . ” then ; they do not concern me . they will ; only listen to that charming <unk> . forced the man to turn away his head . , porthos ? ” said he . recognized , and porthos who was boring a hole through the wall . ” said athos . , ” continued he , “ that the testator , having only the right to alienate a part of his fortune , and having <unk> it all , the will will not bear scrutiny , and is declared <unk> and void . ” doctor and the	68.23991394042969
cry of the father , the servants all fled with muttered imprecations ; they were heard running down the stairs and through the long passages , then there was a rush in the court , afterwards all was still ; they had , one and all , deserted the accursed house . that you were the person i was sent to fetch . ” ball took off his enemy ’ s hat . prisoners ? ” said , “ bragelonne must be a charming place . the two gendarmes . then hastened to invite teresa , without whom it was impossible for the quadrille to be formed , but the young girl had disappeared . try and overtake him ? ” single <unk> tells you fine things about	121.76239776611328
mazarin ’ s gratitude ! ” la ramee tries them with me . you wish to quit life because you do not understand all the enjoyments which are the fruits of a large fortune . as true a thing as it is that a heart beats in this <unk> heart devoted to <unk> that you have been the idol of our lives ; that we have , as you well <unk> heaven ! <unk> our lives twenty times for your majesty . planchet . ” cried porthos . been there , i don ’ t say—— ” 75 . paris , the count of monte cristo ; in italy , sinbad the sailor ; in malta , i forget what . my dear fellow , let us speak	82.98379516601562
of you . ” said athos , “ we admire your devotion to the cause you have espoused , in remaining at the head of the army whilst so ill , in so much pain . ” to the sergeant . relation . mazarin , “ with perseverance one may penetrate through a wall ; with a <unk> one may saw through an iron bar . ” ” said aramis , “ she is charming . , in front of the tower of saint-jean , was a ship bearing on her stern these words , printed in white letters , “ the _pharaon_ , morrel & son , of marseilles. ” she was the exact <unk> of the other _pharaon_ , and loaded , as that had been	99.0425033569336
, with cochineal and indigo . the stranger ; “ i hear a noise . ” foreigner ? ’ income is about 50,000 francs per annum ; and he will give me , perhaps , ten or twelve thousand when i marry . ” the count , “ relate it to me , for it begins to interest me . ” the world , ” said aramis and athos at once . a duty had sustained them . i was so weak that every time i fainted i thanked god , for i thought i was about to die . correctly ; mordaunt felt that he had no time to lose , and he lost none . athos has made me see , that ’ s all ;	69.7818374633789
come here . ” again , to take my <unk> ” with these words the baron went out . retract , you ought at least to give him the opportunity of doing it of his own free will , —the satisfaction to you will be the same . the purpose , —our business concerns valentine , let us leave the dead in peace . ” swordsman can have very little weight , ” replied d ’ artagnan , who began to be uneasy at the turn things were taking , “ and you had better be satisfied , believe me , with the knowledge of these gentlemen . ” , so strange , so new , and so ardent , made him view the infamous and <unk> accusations	103.11222839355469
of milady de winter as , through a <unk> glass , one views as frightful <unk> atoms in reality imperceptible by the side of an ant . making his toilet . be there at the time you come , and i will endeavor to repay you , as far as lies in my power , for your liberal hospitality displayed to me at monte cristo . ” said dantès , quitting the helm , “ i shall be of some use to you , at least during the voyage . from , sir ? milady , with a smile that belonged only to herself ; “ you forget that i am her best friend . ” quay to match a piece of <unk> cloth , when i met	87.89210510253906
friend danglars . some time previously , and had even challenged him to fight me ; but he refused . ” leaving notre dame the coadjutor had learned the event of the day . only see ! ” cried the novice ; “ we shall soon be well acquainted , almost friends . suppose he possesses ? ” on a sofa , eugénie sat near her , and cavalcanti was standing . dead or alive ? ’ ” replied mazarin . see that at all , ” answered porthos . , passed his hand across his brow . milady , with a sigh , “ if she loves she is not altogether wretched . ” , my lord , but not for the queen ; you must leave	70.94795989990234
it to me and give me the entire direction of the undertaking . ” man retained his senses ? ” cloak , in the folds of which his face was hidden , approached and leaned over the bed and looked . risen at the close of the scene with albert , again fell , and a rap was heard at the door . dear , you forget that these gentlemen are not initiated into my family affairs like yourself . the poor woman , “ have i said anything that has wounded you ? ” to replace him on the throne that cromwell has paid for him two hundred thousand pounds <unk> ? us in a corner and send us whatever you like from yours . ” to	83.64892578125
tell milady who he was , and with what a revengeful purpose he had come ; but she added , “ poor angel , whom that monster of a gascon barely failed to kill . ” . examining mme . and moved impatiently on her chair . the jetty was deserted , as he approached it ; but he had no sooner landed than he heard a noise of horses galloping upon the paved road . passed through the faubourg du temple , then leaving the exterior boulevards , it reached the cemetery . , and i thank you , ” continued dantès . that foolish girl , who pretends to wish to speak to me , not come into my study ? sustained by rage , by	123.17073059082031
his strength of mind , by despair , by the supreme agony which led the titans to scale the heavens , and ajax to defy the gods . to-morrow evening , ” said the coadjutor , smiling . , d ’ artagnan ! ” said he ; “ this woman must be tried , not assassinated . , they are coming , ” said eugénie . ? , and will punish me with her . in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties . going to the queen ? ” had these words whispered in my ears , and i chose the latter ; at any rate , it is a french word . horse , and let him begone ! ” ” said milady	67.76261138916016
; “ go into your own room , and tomorrow endeavor again to get me an answer to the letter i gave you . ” course of the boat , which rapidly approached the island , and was soon within fifty paces of it . were you innocent , were you a martyr , ” replied felton , “ the greater would be the necessity for prayer ; and i myself would aid you with my prayers . ” to advance , counting the houses and windows . <unk> mistaken the spot . is more disagreeable than being disturbed when one is at breakfast . as our <unk> and <unk> , bless with holy water <unk> , which resemble an infinite number of blessing fingers . horsemen ,	125.73835754394531
with figures slight and upright , noble faces , bright and proud looks , loyal and intelligent smiles . five o ’ clock . ” at ? ” answered mordaunt ; “ but traitors to england are no longer members of my family . ” , that it is not so ? ” to know danger in order to fear it ; indeed , it may be observed , that it is usually unknown perils that inspire the greatest terror . distinguish the king from royalty ; the king is but a man ; royalty is the gift of god . <unk> ... that i may see you depart ! ” going soon ? ” asked milady . friquet , “ my fortune is made . ” for	75.16462707519531
him . our invitation to messieurs cavalcanti ? ” at anything , ” remarked porthos , sententiously , “ it is that it has not already happened . ” , and the fruits crushed , strewed the floor . under the windows . his mistress abandons him , he will find friends , i will answer for it . mercédès , and saw why her noble heart had not opposed the sacrifice she knew beforehand would be useless . ” was not easily <unk> rather , thanks to a great pride natural to the men of his country , he did not allow one easily to see what was passing in his mind when that which was passing at all resembled <unk> placed himself haughtily in front of	109.97184753417969
messieurs the guards , and waited with his hand on his hip , in an attitude by no means deficient in majesty . armentières , it would be easy to make her believe that d ’ artagnan had not come to béthune . . seemed to be in a swoon . rue de la <unk> . peppino ’ s life ? ” uneasy , but instead of seeking , like m. morrel , to aid dantès , he had shut himself up with two bottles of black <unk> brandy , in the hope of drowning reflection . the scene we have described , the cardinal received a letter with the london stamp which only contained these lines : “ i have them ; but i am unable to	92.20201873779297
leave london for want of money . , where the road was confined between two high banks , they fell in with eight or ten men who , taking advantage of the road being <unk> in this spot , appeared to be employed in digging holes and filling up the ruts with mud . villefort covered his face with his hands . the king , mechanically ; “ yes , certainly i know that name . ” , ” he said . my lord , to do so ? ” amusing here ; there is not a single woman passing . ” sir , it was expressly forbidden ; but they <unk> the vigilance of the guards , and made a passage from one dungeon to the other	84.76779174804688
. ” do again what i have done here , and the results would be instantly destroyed if our jailers knew we had communicated with each other . head . danglars , shrugging his shoulders ; “ ah , well ; he would care very little about it , i think . ” , leaving a cloud of sadness hanging over the rest of the evening . each other . ? ” and she again tried to think what it could be . not attribute your escape to my constant prayers for your safety ? it signify , valentine , so long as i am satisfied , and feel that even this long and painful suspense is amply repaid by five minutes of your society , or two	90.23084259033203
words from your lips ? no one will know that she has been guilty . then , whenever you think it will be most useful , for my eldest son ’ s welfare . you away , but you have had the <unk> and i am afraid that sitting up late may tire you . ” ! shrank from an encounter ; in short , he had been a soldier and arms ennoble a man ; it was , therefore , on the footing of friends that d ’ artagnan and planchet arrived in the neighborhood of blois . , grateful for the accidental meeting with planchet , pleased with himself , d ’ artagnan reached notre dame . his father ’ s marriage and his own baptismal	114.77933502197266
register , and after having opened them with all the eagerness which might be expected under the circumstances , he read them with a facility which proved that he was accustomed to similar documents , and with an expression which plainly denoted an unusual interest in the contents . ” ; her eyes first flashed and then swam , she staggered towards the door and disappeared . athos , porthos , aramis , and d ’ artagnan , forward ! ” cried athos . , who has brought it and is charged with its execution . ” exhausted her strength , she fell , not asleep this time , but fainting on the floor . more value , it seems , than i do to mine ; at	80.12476348876953
least , i have thought so . ” and one wounded man ; so that three of the king ’ s <unk> of whom was <unk> a youth not only maintained their ground against five of the most terrible of the cardinal ’ s guardsmen , but absolutely brought four of them to earth . ” ” replied raoul , with slight hesitation ; “ i did not sleep well . ” , —although it is <unk> to me , —where are we going ? ” . an executioner would have wished to fill that horrible office ? ” ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ yes ! with astonishment ; he was not used to see monte cristo give vent to such bursts of enthusiasm . inform	76.32252502441406
him of your arrival . ” of grief . ” xiii . , madame ; do not these circumstances appeal to your memory ? ” servant , you have other servants to wait upon you , take care of your clothes , and see that your linen is duly prepared for you . , and this morning offered to share his money with me , as i shared mine with him . . in his turn , without losing sight of the young man . ” cried mazarin to the coadjutor . him . to them his majesty ’ s fixed intention to open the campaign on the first of may , and they must immediately prepare their outfits . know how i settled the matter . ”	74.82918548583984
the three men , who were dressed as cavaliers . and the door open . chevreuse after she had been persecuted twelve years under the last reign ? ” be not a smuggler , who is he ? ” continued villefort . your <unk> , written or verbal , and return by post ; and when he shall know what you have done , he will advise what you have to do . ” noisy than the door . ” for an instant to pursue master friquet , but not wishing to leave raoul alone he contented himself with taking a pistol from the <unk> and cocking it . ’ replied the young girl , with all the frankness of her nature , ‘ that i would give	75.41970825195312
half my life for a costume such as she wore . ’ du vallon is rich and has therefore nothing in the way of fortune to desire ; but i think i remember that there was a question between him and monsieur mazarin as to making his estate a barony . and the night in prayer , for i hoped that god would pardon me my suicide . to these learned ecclesiastics , and that in all humility , that the duties of mounting guard and the service of the king have caused me to neglect study a little . your swords , ” said the duke . else , ” said he . ” answered athos , agitated ; “ so much so that i wish to	100.17730712890625
see him if possible . ” t worry about me , sir <unk> , ” said danglars ; then turning to monte cristo he said : you were the chief ? ” this sight to him , sought for those among some eight or ten workmen who were making the most noise ; and fixed on two men , who were <unk> the last <unk> of the iron balcony . man , scarcely sixteen years of age , now white with anger . same with hashish ; only eat for a week , and nothing in the world will seem to you to equal the delicacy of its flavor , which now appears to you flat and <unk> . fernand who deserted on the eve of the battle	97.01617431640625
of waterloo ? myself , for i suffered fourteen years , <unk> years i wept , i cursed ; now i tell you , mercédès , i must revenge myself . ” speed of his horse and went on , his head drooping as if in deep thought . madame de morcerf ’ s , are you not ? ” it is , first . ” ” murmured he , “ is dantès then a member of some <unk> society , that his protector thus employs the <unk> form ? in that house . ” cried she , “ you have <unk> betrayed me , and still more , you have my secret ! about it ? ” quite right , monsieur . ” he who introduced himself	57.993717193603516
to us . ” frozen silence between these two . so ? ” commissary ! ” said the brigadier ; “ tread in my steps . ” revived when he found himself alive after this horrible blow . you allow me to speak to you of her ? ” s hand , and in her irresistible impulse of joy carried it to her lips . d ’ artagnan overtook the gentleman as he was entering a little wood . have already stated , was plunged into the body to the hilt , and as the surgeon , taking it by the end , drew it forth , the wounded man opened his eyes and fixed them on him in a manner truly frightful . leave ? ” !	71.07572174072266
seeing whither he went . friend of danglars , had acted in this way , no one could suppose that he had been previously acquainted with , or had lent himself to , any of andrea ’ s intrigues . ” said porthos . ; but that is not the question . of your eminence , i report to the convent of the carmelites at béthune , where i will await your orders . ” ? the shade of the fine avenue of lime-trees , which forms one of the most frequent walks of the idlers of marseilles , covered by an immense <unk> , which spreads its aged and blackened branches over the stone front , burnt yellow by the ardent sun of the south . should	94.8613052368164
happen to me , ” said bragelonne . side the conqueror of rocroy , of nordlingen , of lens ? ” . ” , that ’ s all . means of satisfying himself whither mme . monsieur raoul ! ” said mousqueton , “ the letter was very consoling . anything or everything . out , awaited them . it they do not . ” it with all possible attention , ” said dantès , “ and i only see a <unk> paper , on which are traces of gothic characters inscribed with a peculiar kind of ink . ” poisoner succeeded in <unk> her way to the door , and reached her room in an agony of fear . great simplicity of thought , and without education	101.19956970214844
; he could not , therefore , in the solitude of his dungeon , traverse in mental vision the history of the ages , bring to life the nations that had perished , and rebuild the ancient cities so vast and stupendous in the light of the imagination , and that pass before the eye glowing with celestial colors in martin ’ s <unk> pictures . the well-known noise of the door , which opened and shut ; i heard , notwithstanding the thickness of the carpet , a step which made the floor creak ; i saw , notwithstanding the darkness , a shadow which approached my bed . ” had preserved a great number of friends , and these , added to the personages whom the	139.0139923095703
<unk> of society gave villefort a claim on , formed a considerable body . other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg™ works . again , dear friend ! ” he cried , in a voice which was now changed from a baritone into a bass , “ you ’ ve not then forgotten me ? ” muzzle of the gun and arrested the shot which was about to be fired . ” felton , “ no ; you shall live and you shall be avenged . ” ” replied the same voice , with the same menacing accent . s windows . ” done i will knock on one of the panes of glass . court , of which he always spoke with dignity	77.39198303222656
and respect , made him respected by the new one , and he knew so many things , that not only was he always carefully considered , but sometimes consulted . it at the period which i knew him , ” said monte cristo , touched to the heart by the accents of julie ’ s voice ; “ but , perhaps , since then he has had proofs that gratitude does exist . ” better , ” returned the count , smiling , “ you would not give one thought of such a thing for a traveller like myself , who has successively lived on <unk> at naples , <unk> at milan , <unk> <unk> at <unk> , <unk> at constantinople , <unk> in india , and	94.60404968261719
<unk> ’ <unk> in china . to life already ? see , ” said mazarin ; “ isn ’ t there still time to repair the evil ? of this man , his white hair and thick gray moustaches , caused him to be easily recognized by baptistin , who had received an exact description of the expected visitor , and who was awaiting him in the hall . cahusac , became evidently paler , but did not give way a foot . or rather , _au revoir_ , for i hope we shall meet again . ” in the old man ’ s eye , expressed his thanks to the doctor . their oars , but the sea was too high to let them get much hold	105.87625885009766
of it . into their calash , both dressed in feminine attire . baroness ’ s face , and villefort turned <unk> pale . groan ; he could not believe in such a miracle . you had by the marchesa corsinari , and who was taken from you at five years of age . it is true ; but he <unk> of it . ” . must wait for daylight to renew my search . nothing to say to a man who does not keep his word . ” monte cristo “ you went to him ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i admit even that in my darkest moments i find consolation in that remembrance . ” ’ — ‘ who is it ?	67.44949340820312
’ — ‘ a woman , accompanied by a servant. ’ everyone looked at his neighbor . asked milady , roused from her reverie by these words . descended the staircase . thus into the <unk> of the earth ? ” of maternal endearments or threats , i had with a child ’ s caprice been accustomed to indulge my feelings of sorrow or anger by crying as much as i felt inclined ; but on this occasion there was an intonation of such extreme terror in my mother ’ s voice when she <unk> me to silence , that i ceased crying as soon as her command was given . robber it is hard to call him nephew whom he has impoverished ; when one is a	164.45606994628906
murderer , to recognize the man whom one has made an orphan . ” or not , whether in paris or cairo , the abbé always left something to give away , which the valet distributed through this wicket in his master ’ s name . she , “ the language which i speak with my grandfather may be easily learnt , and i can teach you in a few minutes , to understand it almost as well as i can myself . have just met with a terrible adventure ! were to alter a signal , and substitute another ? ” of my revenge . again ? ” of the sudden death of the poor old servant ? ” the president , ‘ do you recognize this	81.30570983886719
lady as the daughter of ali tepelini , pasha of yanina ? ’ — ‘ no , ’ said morcerf , attempting to rise , ‘ it is a base plot , contrived by my <unk> ’ haydée , whose eyes had been fixed on the door , as if expecting someone , turned hastily , and , seeing the count standing , shrieked , ‘ you do not know me ? ’ said she . his speech , but contented himself with pointing his <unk> finger in the direction of the hedge , announcing by this gesture the cardinal and his escort . of the world , i am surrounded by kindness and affection ; but the reverse is the case . to a little village in	82.26638793945312
<unk> , lying between <unk> and <unk> little village called <unk> ’ <unk> . ” on the morrow a serious misfortune happened to <unk> disappeared . caderousse , <unk> , and with his fist on the table , “ hallo , edmond ! said beauchamp , “ with a collar above his cravat , an open coat and white waistcoat ! your majesty ’ s pardon , but i wished to receive your commands from your own mouth . ” pont du <unk> , you told me you were going to travel through piedmont and tuscany ; but instead of that , you come to paris . ” carefully that my spies , if i had any , could have no suspicion of it . right , ”	87.59596252441406
said the man ; “ hop in , and we ’ re off ! haydée , proving by her remark that she had quite understood monte cristo ’ s question and albert ’ s answer , “ then i will speak either in french or italian , if my lord so wills it . ” him a baron , and can make him a peer , but he can not make him a gentleman , and the count of morcerf is too aristocratic to consent , for the paltry sum of two million francs , to a <unk> . fernand ; you would be revenged on him because i do not love you ; you would cross your catalan knife with his <unk> . self-control . another vision	91.94132232666016
appeared . brother killed him . ” good deal during the carnival at rome . ” of the spectators of their wish to be allowed to hear the music , produced not the slightest effect on the two young men , who continued their conversation . ” m. danglars , in the same tone in which he would have said , “ oh , well , what do i care ? ” coachman received his master ’ s orders , and drove down the via del babuino . that your three damned musketeers , athos , porthos , and aramis , and your youngster from béarn , have not fallen , like so many <unk> , upon poor bernajoux , and have not <unk> him in such a	65.36577606201172
fashion that probably by this time he is dead ? about as many strawberries , which , on rising suddenly , he let fall from his hand . you ? ” danglars sat down on a bench . a laugh which changed the shiver of the host into a burning fever . of your hundred pistoles , d ’ artagnan ? ” grace has , in the precipitation with which he quit the isle of ré , forgotten and left behind him in his lodging a certain letter from madame de chevreuse which singularly compromises the queen , inasmuch as it proves not only that her majesty can love the enemies of the king but that she can conspire with the enemies of france . sent by him	137.32545471191406
to constantinople , to treat with the emperor for the life or death of your benefactor , brought back a false mandate granting full pardon ! . mask ? ” cried athos . woman ? ” by three horses , driven by a postillion ; rochefort ’ s lackey would precede it , as courier . rospigliosi and spada , conferred upon them the insignia of the <unk> , and induced them to arrange their affairs and take up their residence at rome . andrea , after a moment ’ s hesitation , at the end of which he remembered that he might safely promise . ” my dark lantern ; it was empty . must lay in a stock of hilarity . ” and figure of teresa	131.49191284179688
, and teresa was as handsome as carmela . the four friends is caderousse. ’ ” the innkeeper shivered . said cucumetto , ‘ have you executed your commission ? ’ repeated dantès ; “ why , how can you manage to do so ? ” longer counted the sighs . , m. de tréville had the right of entry at all times . assassin ? ” asked morrel . doesn ’ t suit me at all , ” said porthos , “ and that i feel a strong <unk> to follow aramis ’ s advice . ” the two hundred francs i had left for him ? ” minute directions as to their route . him such a revenue ? ” said , as he ascended the	61.61441421508789
stairs leading to his wife ’ s room , “ nothing is changed here . ” confused dreams respecting the two meetings he had already had with his mysterious <unk> , and in waking speculations as to what the morrow would produce . settled . and the ballet began . the prince . yesterday monsieur de wardes , in a saloon where i was , showed a ring which he said he had received from you . ” i am better informed than you ; his name is zaccone . ” thousand louis a year from him . wait surrounded by assassins and poisoners . ” his knees and prayed . we are all right as regards the executioner , ” said athos ; “ but unfortunately every	118.4448471069336
executioner has his assistant , his man , or whatever you call him . ” of the drawing-room were thrown open , and bertuccio appearing said , with a violent effort , “ the dinner waits . ” . ” uniform beats one of the bravest and noblest hearts in the whole army . ” and to dust i return . i assure you . ’ your power as great with the <unk> as monsieur le curé told me it was just now ? ” hour he was entering the house in the rue du helder . seen the cardinal ? ” asked m. de tréville . i gave him a box on the ear , such as i gave this morning to the little citizen who splashed	70.52411651611328
me , it would change the appearance of things . ” raoul lay , unfortunately , he could neither draw his sword from the scabbard , nor his pistols from their holsters . to reassure himself , that this pavilion perhaps had nothing in common with mme . toward the compartment in which grimaud was secreted ; opened the door , entered and shut it after them . to be apprehended on the road i am going , i would request you to accompany me ; but as there is none , remain where you are , finish your bottles , your game , and your letter . morrel ’ s appointment was . heiress i am . and buckingham sets sail tomorrow with his fleet . ”	126.06290435791016
my dear athos , without inquiring further about our friend , to pay my respects to m. planchet . ” an instant , and the sum was sent to the frontier of piedmont , with a passport signed for italy . world . ” no ; i am not called louis the just without reason . the french officer who led the troops of my noble father ! , and distinguished some words that appeared to merit so great an interest that he made a sign to his friends to be silent , remaining himself bent with his ear directed to the opening of the lower orifice . , it is very necessary for me to make my fortune , your eminence has so long forgotten me .	87.5198974609375
” , and were detected , i should lose my place , which is worth two thousand francs a year ; so that i should be a great fool to run such a risk for three hundred . ” see , there is a deadly feud between us . ” madame de villefort , “ all these circumstances which you link thus to one another may be broken by the least accident ; the vulture may not see the fowl , or may fall a hundred yards from the fish-pond . ” know , ” he said , “ an idea , a supposition , is sufficient . ” to the heart . ” , a <unk> of the spanish wars , had recognized porthos , his old	55.3498420715332
companion , and very soon all those who served under him were placed in possession of startling facts concerning the honor of the ancient musketeers of tréville . mordaunt , “ are you not afraid that they will recognize you ? ” athos , “ i have only to ask your majesty ’ s prayers . ” precise . ” while since . on my word you shall pay for this ! ” of his master ’ s friend , got up suddenly , and in doing so let fall some louis which he had appropriated to himself <unk> during the night . said d ’ artagnan , seeming to remember something , “ two soldiers , yes ; that , then , is why i hear two	78.030517578125
men called every evening and see them walking sometimes for half an hour , under my window . ” ” let me take his place . ” names of those three musketeers ? ” at eight o ’ clock , in the bois de vincennes , ” said beauchamp , quite disconcerted , not knowing if he was dealing with an arrogant <unk> or a supernatural being . took the key , returned to the bedroom door , removed the double staple of the bolt , and went in . winter would perhaps send felton himself to get the order signed by the duke of buckingham . , and—— ” ceiling sank upon my head and crushed me with its weight . , marquis , or you will	103.1332778930664
lose it all . ” of the new french conquerors , monsieur , ” said he ; “ it is a handsome uniform . ” utterance to a few incoherent <unk> , and then retired to his study , where he received about two hours afterwards the following letter : at the table and began to play . virtuous , are you not , planchet ? ” write to you , depend on me . villefort like the executioner ’ s knife . hundred thousand <unk> , italians , strangers from all parts of the world , the united aristocracy of birth , wealth , and genius . my lord ! do yourselves <unk> ; but i am here to do you justice . them by merely temporizing	65.53140258789062
. gloomy and silent death , the piazza del popolo presented a spectacle of gay and noisy mirth and revelry . and strove to lift the coffer ; it was impossible . he has done , this child ? province—that land in which heads become so easily <unk> few of the preliminaries of duels ; but the daring of these four <unk> appeared to him the strongest he had ever heard of even in gascony . approach of death . , then ? ” . ” monsieur cavalcanti . ” must i live ? of you . ” he is a noble of very lofty carriage , black hair , <unk> complexion , piercing eye , white teeth , and has a scar on his temple . ”	117.30682373046875
the spy may have been deceived by the person ; but the face— ” eyes are better than mine . fine thrusts at bernajoux . ” in the most natural way possible , ” replied he to whom they had given the title of count . and tempestuous sky , across which the wind was driving clouds that occasionally suffered a twinkling star to appear ; before him was the vast <unk> of waters , sombre and terrible , whose waves foamed and roared as if before the approach of a storm . to be at a considerable distance , perhaps on account of the darkness of the night , which prevented any object from being more than partially discerned . adventure so singular that he wished for	166.64942932128906
counsel . an expression of kindness which it was impossible to mistake ; but d ’ artagnan was so preoccupied by the mistress that he noticed absolutely nothing but her . murmured charles . dessert ; keep me some strawberries , coffee , and cigars . i did myself the honor of calling upon you , in order to beg for an explanation . ” this favor and harrison consented . know it. ” the count knit his brows , and remained silent an instant . door in order to throw herself out . come ! ” and i shall always do so , ” replied d ’ avrigny , “ for it has never for one instant ceased to retain possession of my mind ; and that	82.69658660888672
you may be quite sure i am not mistaken this time , listen well to what i am going to say , m. de villefort . ” lower and back room , to which athos was requested to go . he <unk> a variety of questions on different subjects , carefully watching the man ’ s countenance as he did so ; but not a word or look implied that he had the slightest idea of ever having seen before the person with whom he was then conversing . was well attended , he looked at them sternly , and made a sign with his eye and hand for d ’ artagnan to follow him . let us seek the mercer ’ s <unk> is the key of	72.07110595703125
the intrigue . ” ? ” said he , ‘ just now carlini would not drink your health when i proposed it to him ; propose mine to him , and let us see if he will be more <unk> to you than to me . ’ information relative to africa . ” cloister ; i will become a nun , ” said milady . . impossible , monsieur , ” continued he , addressing faria . yours ? ” drew back the curtains . to your daughter , i believe ? ” no sword . ” the latter with apparent coolness , but with deep emotion , “ have you another invalid ? ” till your return to the ship that you put the letter in the	58.54315185546875
portfolio ? ” take ? ” demanded d ’ artagnan , in his turn . , albert . the musketeer . that not ... forehead at the same moment brought him to the ground , covered with blood and almost fainting . for monsieur de wardes . ” of ‘ the great , ’ as you well know . ” reply , and he resumed ; “ you can not have failed to remark , my dear friend , that everyone has his particular kind of <unk> , sad or gay . your wife , ’ ” read d ’ artagnan ; “ ‘ she will be restored to you when there is no longer occasion for her . , you have no cause of hatred against me	55.0729866027832
? ” ” as villefort had arrived at the corner of the rue des <unk> , a man , who seemed to have been waiting for him , approached ; it was m. morrel . you my lieutenant-general , ” said the king . , master la ramee ? ” asked the duke . and pray begin at the beginning ; i like order in everything . ” down to breakfast ? mine host , “ i did not think it likely your excellency would have chosen to mingle with such a rabble as are always collected on that hill , which , indeed , they consider as <unk> belonging to themselves . ” ” replied the coadjutor ; “ i have to beg you to reflect twice	55.35622787475586
ere you cause a civil war in the kingdom . ” in the dark , and whatever noise you hear , whatever passes , only come in or show yourself if i call you . ” , and the recollection of what they had seen half an hour before was gradually effaced from the young men ’ s minds , so much were they occupied by the gay and glittering procession they now beheld . go far to efface the recollection of his father ’ s conduct , ” added the incorrigible marquise . took his hand , held it for an instant in his own , and letting it fall , “ all is useless , ” said he , “ he is dead . ” carriage	92.41536712646484
his military cloak , in which two swords were wrapped , and , shutting the door , he took his seat by the side of the coachman . do you not go yourself ? , saw the two young women , and without stopping , waved his hand in a friendly way to milady . ” said franz ; “ things go wonderfully . . ” , ” said aramis , “ you don ’ t seem to be aware that i can see you in that mirror , and you forget that once for all i have forbidden all signs of approbation or disapprobation . , of the deplorable condition of my husband ’ s father ? ” word when a heavy blow shook the scaffold and	64.35749816894531
where athos stood immovable a warm drop fell upon his brow . <unk> he can raise , the timid of giants he can confront , the poor of treasures he spends , the most humble peasant , in the height of his pride , calls himself jupiter . , and mazarin , who had held his breath , ventured to breathe again . wine ? ” in this world which have nothing in their favor but appearances , the baldric was glittering with gold in the front , but was nothing but simple buff behind . the <unk> were aroused by athos . ? ” asked morrel with a voice he strove to render firm . gold . ” ” comprehend now ? ” inquired faria . .	149.0643768310547
, athos procures his equipment chapter <unk> . , it is the same ; and your majesty has a good memory . ” father ’ s name to her , but perhaps she will allude to him of her own accord in the course of the recital , and you have no idea how delighted i should be to hear our name pronounced by such beautiful lips . ” was melancholy . violence , ” said louise . ” know why they die so <unk> at m. de villefort ’ s ? ” you were so intimate with her . ” <unk> in this antechamber , ” said monte cristo . at the convent of béthune with milady , her mortal enemy . method of reckoning time ,	61.150264739990234
had not dantès long ceased to do so . at least . ” ? ” asked valentine timidly . promise that he would not make the least attempt to raise the bandage . half . ” and valentine remained alone beside the bed , for the procureur , overcome with astonishment at the unexpected death , had followed his wife . ’ continued he , after rapidly writing the few lines i brought to your excellency , and upon receipt of which you deigned to receive me into your service , and proudly i ask whether your excellency has ever had cause to repent having done so ? ” arabs of rome , more fortunate than those of paris , understand every language , more especially the french	118.19693756103516
, they heard the traveller order an apartment , a dinner , and finally inquire the way to the house of thomson & french . a man your friend whom you have only known for eight or ten days ? you see from this window ? and strong . porthos , “ arrange the table , mousqueton , and while we breakfast , d ’ artagnan will relate to us what has happened to him during the ten days since he left us . ” told you that there is nothing between me and the duchess de longueville ? promise made to the abbé , dantès spoke no more of escape . reasons for not abandoning this part of his vestments , for instead of quitting his hold	86.07633972167969
on the flap in his hand , he pulled it toward him , so that d ’ artagnan rolled himself up in the velvet by a movement of <unk> explained by the <unk> of porthos . off ? ” the gray twilight at the entrance of the cave , formed by the reflection of the few rays of daylight which had found their way into this gloomy retreat . when it was asked , and even then he required to be asked twice . into the citadel st. martin with his garrison , and threw a hundred men into a little fort called the fort of la prée . existed , was buried in this corner . called me his friend ! ” the thing is difficult to	92.4657974243164
find in france , and your abbé is not probably disposed to make a journey to paris on my account , i must continue to use monsieur <unk> ’ s <unk> ; and <unk> and <unk> ’ s drops are among my favorite remedies . to him with broth ; la <unk> warms his sheets ; the marquise de rambouillet sends him his <unk> . ” upon her bosom , “ my heart beats so i can not walk . ” somehow , you will see . ” doubt , bleed him ; therefore i will retire , for i can not endure the sight of blood ; ” and she followed her husband upstairs . two or three old sails hung on the walls , and meeting	101.69258880615234
nothing to suspect , regained by the hatchway the deck of the vessel . use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever . she saw the deepest terror depicted in noirtier ’ s eyes . flickered ; the noise startled madame de villefort , who shuddered and dropped the curtain . summoned to await her coming ? ” herself in the shadow behind a velvet curtain , and as she constantly bent over her child , it was difficult to read the expression of her face . again when it pleased god , and if it pleased god . hope of peeping with madame coquenard into her husband ’ s chest !	141.76986694335938
” with nobody in paris . that since we are to save the king ? queen . himself on his infallible penetration ; for that which almost proved that he was the son of richelieu was his everlasting pretension ; he examined attentively the countenance of the <unk> for place and fancied that the contracted eyebrows , thin lips , hooked nose , and prominent cheek-bones of grimaud were favorable signs . run to the door ; he had left the key in it , taking the simple precaution of turning it twice in the lock . rest by double the length of his horse . give my own name , not possessing one , i can tell them my father ’ s . what i was the	126.27954864501953
bearer of ? ” escape of being eaten . not mine . ” <unk> ” well enough to wait for me , and even to remain faithful to my memory . , and then suddenly checking himself , he was silent ; then he continued , “ your pardon , sire , ” he said , bowing , “ my zeal carried me away . , beg your majesty to <unk> ” my lord , as implicitly as if god had spoken to me , ” said the young girl , presenting her forehead to him . a plate of <unk> ; upon this plate was written with the point of a large pin : “ rueil ... <unk> ” brother of the family , who had left	73.1334228515625
her a widow with one child . to die , you would choose this death , count ? ” dreaming ; tell me , sir , ” he said to the sergeant , “ do you know those three gentlemen who are just gone out ? ” , ” continued athos , “ is naturally cold , and then he is always involved in intrigues with women . ” ” exclaimed the count . the abbé , with a stifled sigh , “ mercédès it was . ” thought that considering three months ’ lodging , about which i have said <unk> ” crush under the wall ? ” letter came from milady . ” cried the cardinal , with violence . each one , and preserved his	52.32008361816406
dignified and commanding attitude . ” cried , “ athos ! i think i shall make up my mind to set out for béthune , where my sister has placed our little servant in the convent of the carmelites ; this poor child is quite resigned , as she knows she can not live elsewhere without the salvation of her soul being in danger . between athos and aramis . m. de saint-méran ; madame de saint-méran two months since ; the other day it was barrois ; today , the old noirtier , or young valentine . ” . ” of the old man for a return to reason ; and now these few words uttered by faria , after so painful a crisis , seemed to	94.19361877441406
indicate a serious relapse into mental alienation . ? ” said monte cristo , with interest . us say no more about it . way : if coysel says loud enough for the cardinal to hear him , on such or such a day such a prisoner will escape , ’ tis plain that the cardinal will take measures of precaution and that the prisoner will not escape . ” astonishment of d ’ artagnan , appeared shortly ; soon , however , his surprise vanished , for he heard the murmurs of a soft , harmonious voice ; one of these two men was a woman disguised as a cavalier . ” and the young man , who had never shrunk from danger , shrank before monte	132.634033203125
cristo with indescribable terror . more ? ” asked monte cristo . very fine girl , and fine girls never lack followers ; she particularly has them by dozens . ” to you about me , tell him that i should have requested you to acquaint him that in a short time he will see whether i am , as he says , too old for action . ” man returned covered with dust , his errand was performed , and two minutes after , another man on foot , muffled in a mantle , opened the little door of the garden , which he closed after him . been accustomed to see them dine together , inquired into the cause of his absence , but franz merely	93.92877197265625
replied that albert had received on the previous evening an invitation which he had accepted . to meet again . rochefort ! he saw him move , was the first to go up to him . madame , to listen to me , ” said danglars . child has obtained possession of a bottle containing some drug , which he every now and then uses against those who have displeased him . life , of comfort , and of happiness that <unk> a flourishing and prosperous business <unk> of merry faces at the windows , busy clerks hurrying to and fro in the long <unk> of the court filled with <unk> of goods , <unk> with the cries and the jokes of porters , one would have immediately	128.46844482421875
perceived all aspect of sadness and gloom . ” resumed mme . , the effect of changing the conversation ; an hour afterwards the two friends returned to their hotel . you . draw my sword , but i took him who offended me round the body , and threw him out of the window . should have all due authority , it shall bear the imperial seal , which the <unk> is bound to have affixed to it . ’ company of m. dessessart who were passing , two came to the assistance of the four companions , while the other ran toward the hôtel of m. de tréville , crying , “ to the rescue , musketeers ! artagnan ’ s great astonishment , the pretty	88.80640411376953
kitty defended herself resolutely . , ” exclaimed danglars . rendezvous of the great world and all paris went there . now learn to write . this favorable moment to tell her that he had the intention of shortly giving a fête . vengeance to me , and i tasted it slowly in the night of my dungeon and the despair of my captivity . milady , “ do your wounds still make you suffer ? ” ship ? ” inquired d ’ artagnan . sea , and her form was outlined on the blue ocean and sky . you like , i have no preference . ” that at the moment when edmond was about to begin his labor , he stopped , laid down his pickaxe	105.28034210205078
, seized his gun , mounted to the summit of the highest rock , and from thence gazed round in every direction . along the alley , where a number of tracks like those which had trampled down the <unk> , were visible . that ? ” streets . , ” said monte cristo laying a marked stress on the title , “ what have i done for you ? be assured , that should any favorable opportunity present itself , i will not fail to offer you the choice of being present . ” , ” repeated athos , “ you who are her judges , what is the sentence you pronounce upon this woman ? ” now ? ” all the praises that are given me	86.4228286743164
should be passed on to the count here ; for he has educated me in everything and it is not his fault that his pupil profited so little from his instructions . ” replied the major . from his horse and had not been seen to rise ; every one , therefore , believed him to be dead , especially those to whom his death would give promotion . the same horrible race he does , and is , like himself , a dealer in magical arts . am named la bruyere , ” remarked d ’ artagnan . establishment , of course ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , who did not well know how to answer . looked about at that moment for the rope	98.70234680175781
of the famous bell ; but not finding it he summoned his resolution , and stretched forth his hands toward the place where the queen had acknowledged the paper was to be found . , and the moment arrives , i will come to you , count . ” , whilst looks of admiration passed between them . . disclosed a brilliant light , and she disappeared . . opened , like all the rest . ” he asked himself . edmond <unk> hopes . to the project gutenberg™ license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work . ’ door , open by day but generally closed at night . sure . ” latin , ” responded	89.52238464355469
the marquise . a <unk> ; the knife was bent against it . s attorney was named villefort ? ” asked monte cristo carelessly . ” porthos , sobbing , “ i believe i ’ m crying ; but how foolish all this is ! ” , gentlemen ? ” fortune , nothing else ; i have nothing but what my sword brings me <unk> is to say , more blows than <unk> . prisoner ’ s efforts to elude a <unk> examination , raoul had recognized his natural accent . servant who had taken barrois ’ s situation , and in noirtier ’ s name gave that order . absorbed in an interesting conversation with m. cavalcanti , he paid no attention to anything that was passing	87.2781753540039
. , ” said faria , interrupting the thread of his narrative , “ this seems to you very <unk> , no doubt , eh ? ” in assent . arrived half dead at the imperial gates . the man sobbing in the <unk> . france i must suggest some such convenient course to cardinal mazarin and the coadjutor . eugénie , “ let the porter get the post-chaise from the coach-house , and fetch some post-horses from the hotel . up ? ” that it was wine which produced this sadness ; for in truth he only drank to combat this sadness , which wine however , as we have said , rendered still darker . ’ artagnan , giving rein to his famous steed , who	134.39279174804688
, darting forth , overturned several men . to an end , tréville , will come to an end . majestically , whatever remarks his companions made ; and they , finding their remarks useless , regulated their pace by his . say , ‘ during the three-quarters of an hour that the struggle continued , i watched the convulsions and the death of madame de saint-méran , and am thoroughly convinced that not only did her death proceed from poison , but i could also specify the poison . ’ ” said he ; “ he will never guess what all this means . ? ” are soon cut off , ” said danglars . secretaire , opened a drawer by a spring , from which he	125.32300567626953
took a paper which had lost its original color , and the ink of which had become of a <unk> <unk> he placed in the hands of mercédès . everything on myself . wine for you that was in this glass ? ” him ! albert , as if to seek a hidden meaning in his words , but it was evident the young man uttered them in the simplicity of his heart . <unk> i will find him , i swear , were it in hell ! ” ’ s selection of his seat , —who knew but that , thus advantageously placed , he might not in truth attract the notice of some fair roman , and an introduction might ensue that would procure him the	98.45232391357422
offer of a seat in a carriage , or a place in a princely balcony , from which he might behold the <unk> of the carnival ? ? ” now , then , ” said edward , with his habitual quickness . long stout sword on his flank and he instinctively slipped it around within reach of his right hand . ” comprehend ; and yet i may not ask for an explanation , madame , ” replied monte cristo bowing . name is valentine , and i have already prayed for her . ” a thing that he had not before <unk> nothing had led him to the <unk> the ground , trampled here and <unk> there , presented confused traces of men and horses . the	76.1640853881836
dead man . don ’ t fire ! ” screamed d ’ artagnan , throwing open the window . with mazarin ! ” said she , “ you have saved me ; permit me to thank you . ” defend the honor of a woman ; and as i am going to the red dovecot myself , i shall know if you have told me the truth . ” day they do them justice ; and supposing a second restoration , you would then pass for a great man . ” ? ” asked blaisois . d ’ artagnan , “ she is charged with some message for me from her mistress ; she is about to appoint some rendezvous of which she had not courage to <unk>	46.692291259765625
” and he looked down at the pretty girl with the most triumphant air imaginable . horsemen advanced at full speed . judge or to the husband ? ” stammered madame de villefort . writing ! ” said athos . did they go out ? ” be as wise as nestor and as prudent as ulysses ; i do more than permit , i <unk> you . ” ask your pardon for having yesterday crossed swords with you ; aramis does the same to porthos ; now hate me if you can ; but for my own part , i shall ever , even if you do hate me , retain esteem and friendship for you . ascend , and leave me in darkness ; then i heard	125.8795166015625
the well-known creaking of the door although i had heard that door open but twice . madame de chevreuse , the duke of buckingham , or madame de vernet ? ” you have an hour ; _ ’ or ‘ <unk> . ’ ” sealed the letter with her private seal , and gave it to mme . , as you did in the time of louis xiii . ” , ” said aramis , giving up his sword to porthos . on all the luxuries which had rendered life so easy and so happy since his infancy ; he looked at the pictures , whose faces seemed to smile , and the landscapes , which appeared painted in brighter colors . ? ” demanded he of the	82.70655822753906
cardinal . the coachman , and drove standing , for reasons known to himself , like <unk> of antiquity . it is a matter of the utmost importance , edmond ! ” replied the old man . de tréville lends me at my pleasure , and with which i am now going to take a ride to st. germain . ” come so late today ? but we then only risked our pistoles ; this time we risk our blood . creature will be my particular aversion , ” he muttered . strive , for you ought to live , and to be happy , albert . ” in honest hearts , d ’ artagnan . ” said athos . against eight ; a point <unk> know the	91.20760345458984
proverb . ” with seventy-five pistoles in his pocket . ” all wonder at <unk> can not think of everything ; but , happily , the abbé busoni thought for you . ” captain , ’ replied i . charles , “ juxon , thank you , my last friend ; you come at a fitting moment . ” in a loud voice , “ rochefort ! ” the chevalier , who no doubt was near the door , entered immediately . if , in demanding my signature , you leave me entirely free in my person ? ” remember that the poor abbé , whom all the world called mad , was not so . it will be as well if he is not , ” answered	74.82083129882812
caderousse ; “ for if he should be , there will be really no speaking to him . ” of austria ’ s servant and signified that he was ready to follow him into the queen ’ s presence . , the duke couldn ’ t hope to do that , and he laughed at the mere thought of it . through fifty feet , dantès would dig a hundred ; faria , at the age of fifty , had devoted three years to the task ; he , who was but half as old , would sacrifice six ; faria , a priest and <unk> , had not shrunk from the idea of risking his life by trying to swim a distance of three miles to one	80.93560791015625
of the <unk> , <unk> , or lemaire ; should a hardy sailor , an experienced <unk> , like himself , shrink from a similar task ; should he , who had so often for mere amusement ’ s sake plunged to the bottom of the sea to fetch up the bright coral branch , hesitate to entertain the same project ? then , done to you , ” said felton , much agitated , “ that you should load me with such a responsibility before god and before men ? of bethune was here and wounded , when you uttered two piercing cries . the carriage approached the palace ; their excellencies stretched their legs along the seats ; the _cicerone_ sprang into the seat behind .	187.4766845703125
political opinions are extreme , ” said villefort , who had never heard anything of the kind , but was not sorry to make this inquiry , as if it were an accusation . said the young man ; “ was it possible there could be two answers to such a question ? ” was done for saint stephen of florence , saint george <unk> of <unk> , and even for the order of malta . albert ’ s fiery nature , of which he had seen so much among the roman bandits , had suddenly stooped to this humiliation . father . ” low , and two sailors wounded ; dantès was one of the latter , a ball having touched him in the left shoulder .	89.66387939453125
towards the ceiling , but withdrew then , immediately , as if he feared the roof would open and reveal to his distressed view that second tribunal called heaven , and that other judge named god . , ” said aramis ; “ for <unk> as you are , you must need repose . ” . ” when i was young , i speak english like an englishman , and aramis , too , knows something of the language . he saw behind him la carconte , paler and trembling more than ever . till we meet again , ” said valentine , tearing herself away . , valentine ; you have 200,000 livres a year , and you prevent her son from enjoying these 200,000 livres .	101.56175231933594
” . ” a hundred times in the same room with the queen since he had become lieutenant of the musketeers , but her majesty had never once spoken to him . twice a day he cast out , through the barred aperture , the provisions his jailer brought him—at first gayly , then with <unk> , and at last with regret . enter the house of the <unk> . d ’ artagnan ; “ i know what you mean . ” you are too much in fortune ’ s way . morrel had presented himself at the little door leading to noirtier ’ s room . horse giving way under him and with his wonderful agility threw himself to one side . far off , ” said	72.46529388427734
porthos , “ for i confess she would worry me if she were here . ” monsieur bonacieux , you are generous in this matter . ” to me . ” then told me an <unk> , ” said he , “ when , after his journey in france , in 1829 , he sent you to me , with a letter of recommendation , in which he <unk> all your valuable qualities . first . ” , ’ the prince said . i think you are running a great risk of a prosecution for <unk> of character . ” the door ; he got in , followed by two soldiers and the magistrate , and the vehicle drove off towards marseilles . daughter dead ? ” demanded	62.16613006591797
monte cristo ; “ i fancy i have heard so . ” but , see , here they come with the syrup of violets . ” left him . ” his lordship . facing your window , in the embrasure of that door—a man wrapped in a cloak . ” of the sailors wrecked last night . le coadjuteur . ” , ” asked anne of austria , “ yield to the storm , buy peace , and patiently and piously await better times ? ” <unk> noise over the pavement , and everyone turned to notice the dazzling meteor . pure beautiful forehead a kiss which made two hearts throb at once , the one violently , the other secretly . said porthos . your word that	127.5228042602539
you will not see anyone between monsieur de la trémouille and myself ? ” the four friends , on account of the ceremony which each of them mingled with their demonstration , were somewhat forced and even the repast began with a kind of stiffness . care to camp on the place royale with all these people , ” he said . the room , this time by the centre door , but still as silently as before ; one might have fancied him an apparition . having a resting-place during his <unk> , avoiding the wretched <unk> has been trying its best to poison me during the last four months , while you have <unk> resisted its effects for as many years , —and obtaining a bed	123.37693786621094
on which it is possible to slumber , monte cristo has furnished for himself a temporary abode where you first found him ; but , to prevent the possibility of the tuscan government taking a fancy to his enchanted palace , and thereby depriving him of the advantages naturally expected from so large an outlay of capital , he has wisely enough purchased the island , and taken its name . letter again . de villefort be for all your goodness ; how thankfully will he acknowledge that to you alone he owes the existence of his wife and child ! <unk> is nothing ; we are well mounted , are we not , porthos ? ” again , i say ! ” i , ” chorused the	178.23019409179688
sailors . uttered a name so low that the count himself appeared afraid to hear it . you for one of us . ” white dress and so many <unk> fair one . ” sell out here ? ” in her attendance on her mother and sought by her filial attentions to make her forget the absence of her two sons and her other daughter . he continued , “ give me the red silk purse that m. morrel left on old dantès ’ chimney-piece , and which you tell me is still in your hands . ” eugénie with her usual candor . . to you , sir , all the eloquent words and imploring language he made use of ; it was more than piety ,	126.26648712158203
it was more than grief , and i , who am no canter , and hate the jesuits , said then to myself , ‘ it is really well , and i am very glad that i have not any children ; for if i were a father and felt such excessive grief as the old man does , and did not find in my memory or heart all he is now saying , i should throw myself into the sea at once , for i could not bear it . ’ ” monte cristo ; “ god grant i may not have done too much already . ” woman , then ; my strength is in my weakness . ” they were to go first to monsieur	73.00269317626953
de bouillon , as his house came first ; but first of all athos begged that he might go to the hotel du grand charlemagne , to see raoul . seeing these tears . athos . be so ! ” , he could see the rows of halberdiers and musketeers around the scaffold and the first ranks of the populace <unk> and groaning like the sea . any particulars ? ” ” said milady . of whatever kind it may be , an individual suspected of any crime is arrested , the arrest is held secret . friend , in 1814 or 1815 , of a sailor named edmond dantès . my lord ? ” inquired aramis . vanity , d ’ artagnan at this moment joined an	107.17216491699219
uneasiness much less selfish . it , and i grant you my pardon ; but upon one condition . ” went to the place i directed . future that he should be supposed never to have seen me . ” mild . ” m. danglars said ? ’ another sign in the negative . strong inclination to embrace planchet as he had embraced him on his departure ; but he feared lest this mark of affection , bestowed upon his lackey in the open street , might appear extraordinary to passers-by , and he restrained himself . into a trot . sharp lookout for them ; and if we lay hands on them his eminence may be assured they will be reconducted to paris under a good escort	149.50494384765625
. ” mean ? ’ asked a gendarme . <unk> fire at her if she attempted to fly . the morning the four thousand piastres are not in my hands , by seven o ’ clock the count albert will have ceased to <unk> . ” ” he inquired . out of this chamber isn ’ t everything . ” but the count was asked to go and see the baroness , and he accepted the invitation . ” said aramis , “ how are we to act ? ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , who had profited by the moment he had been left alone to put back m. de tréville ’ s clock three-quarters of an hour , “ but i thought , as	39.317352294921875
it was yet only twenty-five minutes past nine , it was not too late to wait upon you . ” , he seemed still to be in a dream . have been abducted , madame . ” by ‘ the pure parliament ’ ? relations , if he had any , might have some interest in knowing if he were dead or alive . ” your son , who will , of course , take great care of them . ” ” answered porthos , “ i wish my lord cardinal , in order to do honor to my house , which gives him an asylum , would in remembrance of this adventure erect my estate into a barony , with a promise to confer that order on	111.65513610839844
one of my particular friends , whenever his majesty next <unk> peers . ” , “ i took advantage of the silence and the darkness to leave the house without being seen . ourselves into the wolf ’ s jaws , ” said aramis . shoulder of his favorite selim , and he drove us all before him , as a shepherd would his <unk> flock . son has left england , that he is in france , on his road to paris , if he be not here already . ” the setting , which is also valuable , ” replied the abbé , as he closed the box , and returned it to his pocket , while its brilliant hues seemed still to dance before the	76.01068878173828
eyes of the fascinated innkeeper . , ” athos continued , with that charming and paternal interest felt by a grown man for a youth . his bed and called grimaud to dress the wound . understand french , ” and mazarin laid his hand upon guitant ’ s shoulder . dantès ’ lips ; he squeezed jacopo ’ s hand warmly , but nothing could shake his determination to <unk> remain alone . i not , the queen ? that i felt a slight pulsation of the heart , and as i had been assistant at the hospital at bastia , i did what a doctor would have <unk> <unk> the lungs by blowing air into them , and at the expiration of a quarter of an	143.29066467285156
hour , it began to breathe , and cried feebly . child , ” said the count in the romaic language . du vallon , is that your advice ? his right to that title , madame ? ” advice which athos had once given him , and made his horse rear . steward ; “ the house servants , with the carbines ! ” men the englishman started and advanced a step ; then restrained himself , and retired into the farthest and most obscure corner of the apartment . as usual . in the passage to listen at a door , and maximilian and emmanuel , who had <unk> passed forward a few steps , thought they heard him answer by a sigh to a sob	80.0138931274414
from within . of our lover ? ” said he . to-day we find our friends ? ” before i had even mentioned your father ’ s name ” — my hands . unfortunate greek left under my care . ” confidently to the power of her fine eyes , that she could not doubt their influence even over monsieur de condé ; and the <unk> of the time aver that her confidence was justified . andrea , with a certain ill-concealed uneasiness , “ i thought i heard my father-in-law say that he intended <unk> our property in that famous railway affair of which you spoke just now . ” ” said monte cristo , smiling ; “ you are a delightful _cicerone_ . not recollect the	92.29096221923828
name of the celebrated bandit by whom i was made prisoner ? ” , and if i ever do any good , it is due to their beneficent counsels . coming , ” said château-renaud . any date , was taken with confidence , and was even in request . with one of his sinister smiles , “ an order for unlimited credit calls for something like caution on the part of the banker to whom that order is given . ? ” me , will you not , morrel ? ” said the count , to turn the conversation . , edmond , ” she continued . hundred paces , the ground began to decline , and he could only see the mast of the sloop .	76.49712371826172
, ” said milady , with mildness . wounded man trembles instinctively at the approach of the finger to his wound until it be healed , but villefort ’ s was one of those that never close , or if they do , only close to reopen more <unk> than ever . dantès proudly , “ it was only to summon assistance for you . ” , a coward ? ” cried villefort , in a contemptuous voice . and say to yourself : ‘ at this moment , a friend , a father , who lives for my happiness and that of maximilian , watches over me ! ’ ” do what thou wilt ! my young friend , and i tremble lest grace prove not efficacious	120.81079864501953
. ” you may be overheard . , is in the chateau ? ” not come ? ” said d ’ artagnan . , ” said the man in the moat . baptistin , what did i tell you this morning when i called you into my laboratory ? ” , my friend . ” ” resumed villefort , “ that what he demands is impossible . ” do you pretend that all this has been unobserved at the minister ’ s ? ” said beauchamp , placing his eye-glass in his eye , where he tried to make it remain . my dear duke ; but just stretch out your hand . ” with all his soul ; and at that moment he could safely promise to	37.2259407043457
do so , for he felt as though it were not enough to love him merely as a friend or even as a father , he <unk> him as a god . to see you . ” ask to be your captain , ’ said the young man . is the name the discontented give to their party . ” exclaimed athos . edmond ! ” the queen . ” of this man at the supreme moment of his agony can not be told in words . . eight o ’ clock in the morning ; he met villefort on his way to noirtier ’ s room , and accompanied him to see how the old man had slept . villefort , “ what then ? ” not	48.10713577270508
to reply to friends who ask news of your health . ” was formidable still in spite of his recent reverses ; and it was necessary , therefore , to have recourse to some profitable scheme , which was a matter of great difficulty in the impoverished condition of exhausted italy . that moment been under his hand , he would have killed him . ’ artagnan ; “ <unk> horse has the staggers . ” , and saw with pleasure , in a little <unk> , that her white complexion and brilliant eyes were alone visible . said monte cristo , with an expression of melancholy equal to his own , “ listen to me . say whether it was from terror created by the threats or	100.16847229003906
from tenderness at seeing four friends so closely united . i tell ? into yourself , and you will do justice to the lady . ” there were in the heart of the young man , and perhaps in that of the old man , many repressed desires , many stifled sighs , which found vent when faria was left alone , and when edmond returned to his cell . ” exclaimed madame de villefort , clasping her hands , “ what do you say ? ” aramis ; “ knowest thou not , then , mordaunt ? who was a nobleman of your acquaintance , ” continued d ’ artagnan , looking intently at athos . of his life had been to become a musketeer . the	65.4688720703125
groom , “ they have traversed six leagues and have only been unsaddled half an hour . ” do you recognize me ? ” , but we can not make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states . instant after , the countess resumed : open or even ajar , i should think nothing of it ; but , <unk> was hermetically sealed . command the <unk> ” emerged from a <unk> near which they were usually stationed , but the wolf had scarcely advanced ten yards ere he was dead . caderousse , “ draw me all that on the paper , my boy . ” to your <unk> quickly . . ” wife . albert , “ it is of	96.14788055419922
no use to be in the company of a greek if one <unk> just in the same style as with a parisian ; let me speak to her of the east . ” this month , half the 15th of next . ” , ” said he . to say more , and refrained . <unk> the foe with such violence that , although his sword was thrust aside , the enemy was thrown off his horse and fell about ten steps from it . direction of portsmouth , which he saw at nearly half a league before him , standing out in the <unk> of the morning , with its houses and towers . what are you proposing ? ” you must conceal your passion for the	84.43763732910156
fine arts . ” business had called him to civita vecchia . draught the glass he held in his hand . horizons ; your soul is darkened , and consequently the sky of the future appears stormy and <unk> . ” . , ” said porthos , “ are my arms in good condition ? ” silent , scarcely visible , and like a shadow , was a sentinel , who was walking up and down before a grotto , which was only <unk> because in that spot the darkness seemed more dense than elsewhere . all this was that the true hatred , the profound hatred , the inveterate hatred of milady , was increased by his not having killed her brother-in-law . . ” ” flamarens	111.53424072265625
, “ you forget that to-morrow you are to command an expedition of the greatest importance , projected by the prince , <unk> to by the queen . said morcerf , more and more astonished ; “ have you not had enough time for reflection during the eight years which have elapsed since this marriage was first discussed between us ? ” athos , with a calmness the more terrible because he risked his head in making this reply , “ the letter is a woman ’ s letter , but it is neither signed marion de lorme , nor madame d ’ aiguillon . ” come here , my dear , ” said d ’ artagnan , establishing himself in an easy chair ; “ come ,	98.17662811279297
and let me tell you that you are the prettiest _soubrette_ i ever saw ! ” follow me ? ” said kitty , timidly . sudden movement that i was paralyzed with fear . to see my way , ” murmured milady , with a savage joy , burying herself under the clothes to conceal from anybody who might be watching her this burst of inward satisfaction . door ; this time milady really pushed him away from her . ! , which whistled through the air like a <unk> , and the <unk> mass fell with a smothered crash on the insulter ’ s skull and crushed it . d ’ artagnan ; “ has something fresh happened ? ” my father ? ” on . ”	97.5423812866211
passage paved with <unk> , was a little garden , bathed in sunshine , and rich in warmth and light . gondy , bowing , “ your majesty is mistaken in <unk> my sincere advice as opposition . mother ’ s good opinion ; i assure you it is already yours to a very unusual extent . ” the shock given by the rush of this mob was formidable . speaks of , you gave them to the duke of buckingham , did you not ? bazin . ” athos , “ perhaps a king should act thus , but not a husband and a father . , in his turn he advanced toward them with surprising rapidity . the guards laughed in chorus ; grimaud , however	116.5252685546875
, did not even smile . reached that part of the garden where the famous boarded gate stood overlooking the deserted enclosure , always returning by the same path , to begin his walk again , at the same pace and with the same gesture , when he accidentally turned his eyes towards the house , whence he heard the noisy play of his son , who had returned from school to spend the sunday and monday with his mother . the swiss in spite of lamentations on the part of the hostess , who in reality found her heart inclining toward her former lover , though she would not have been sorry to give a lesson to that haughty musketeer who had <unk> her by the refusal	129.8238525390625
of her hand . take place in your presence , sir ? ” inquired a turnkey . known of them , as soon as he assumed the uniform of the company , was as sure of his aid and support as if he had been his own brother . rest ? sent me . ” the spot ; she made a violent effort to reply to this last attack , but she fell upon a chair thinking of villefort , of the dinner scene , of the strange series of misfortunes which had taken place in her house during the last few days , and changed the usual calm of her establishment to a scene of scandalous debate . august 10 , 1628 ! ” replied danglars .	98.30760192871094
d ’ artagnan , raising his voice in turn , “ i am here , my friend . ” ” asked raoul diabolical expression with which the young man uttered these words . seemed to descend , several steps , <unk> the fresh and balmy air , like that which may be supposed to reign around the grotto of circe , formed from such perfumes as set the mind <unk> , and such fires as burn the very senses ; and he saw again all he had seen before his sleep , from sinbad , his singular host , to ali , the mute attendant ; then all seemed to fade away and become confused before his eyes , like the last shadows of the magic lantern before	133.8880615234375
it is extinguished , and he was again in the chamber of statues , lighted only by one of those pale and antique lamps which watch in the dead of the night over the sleep of pleasure . dream . see monsieur at home , ” replied bazin . darkness . <unk> that master edward was repeating when he referred to king mithridates , ” continued the count , “ and you interrupted him in a quotation which proves that his tutor has by no means neglected him , for your son is really advanced for his years . ” , the gendarmes released him . , ” continued de winter ; “ let us be off ; the boat must be waiting for us and there is	111.0704345703125
our sloop at <unk> you see it there ? beloved , my noble girl , my only blessing in the world . towards him with looks of love , and approached the couch on which he was reposing , their feet hidden in their long white <unk> , their <unk> bare , hair flowing like waves , and assuming attitudes which the gods could not resist , but which saints <unk> , and looks inflexible and ardent like those with which the serpent charms the bird ; and then he gave way before looks that held him in a <unk> grasp and delighted his senses as with a voluptuous kiss . clock when dantès was placed in this chamber . behind a clump of bushes and in the	183.03305053710938
midst of a pile of rocks , by which a man could scarcely pass . day of accustomed vigil at the angle of two roads leading to marseilles from the catalans , she returned to her home more depressed than ever . by foot , beaten in all encounters , and defeated in the passage of the isle of <unk> , were obliged to <unk> , leaving on the field of battle two thousand men , among whom were five colonels , three lieutenant colonels , two hundred and fifty captains , twenty gentlemen of rank , four pieces of cannon , and sixty flags , which were taken to paris by <unk> de st. simon , and suspended with great pomp in the arches of notre dame	168.52374267578125
. . ” made war against each other ; there was the king , who made war against the cardinal ; there was spain , which made war against the king . , ” continued athos , “ that you attach so much importance to these animals , for i am not yet at the end of my story . ” say is this , sir , —that during the last fortnight unforeseen circumstances have <unk> ” alone whom i love . ” thoroughly than the august heirs had done , but it was fruitless . , i sometimes lose all recollection of the past , and then i experience the same sort of happiness i can imagine the dead feel ; still , it is better than	103.76264953613281
suffering . ” we have seen plenty of dead men in our time . ” , ” replied the duchess . even more scarce than wine , your excellency , —there has been such a drought . ” , was this man ? ” asked felton . the conversation , which had become interesting during the discussion of such serious affairs , lasted till one o ’ clock in the morning . , in spite of the <unk> attention of his host , who presented himself two or three times to inquire if he wanted anything . the prisoner to be more careful , and departed . changes his mind and receives only porthos and myself , why , then , we must resort to heroic measures and	81.59349822998047
each give two strokes instead of one . ’ s chamber and went to that of porthos . learned that the <unk> of this telegraph was only a poor wretch , hired for twelve hundred francs a year , and employed all day , not in studying the heavens like an <unk> , or in gazing on the water like an <unk> , or even in enjoying the privilege of observing the country around him , but all his monotonous life was passed in watching his <unk> , <unk> fellow insect , four or five leagues distant from him . appeared here and there upon the walls of this modest lodging ; a sword , for example , richly <unk> , which belonged by its make to the	142.5313262939453
times of francis i , the hilt of which alone , encrusted with precious stones , might be worth two hundred pistoles , and which , nevertheless , in his moments of greatest distress athos had never pledged or offered for sale . ” ! ” in the middle of the street he urged his horse upon it without a word of warning ; and the members of the group , whether rebels or not , as if they knew with what sort of a man they had to deal , at once gave place to the patrol . pleasant to him in that odious <unk> is the <unk> of the human <unk> the sullen face of grimaud , for whom he had at first conceived such a	131.68429565429688
hatred and who now was all his hope . does it signify whether it was he or i ? . ” asked mazarin . that you don ’ t answer when i ring ? ” , and place himself in front of the convent . not avenge themselves on the traitor , the spaniards did not shoot the traitor , ali in his tomb left the traitor unpunished ; but i , betrayed , sacrificed , buried , have risen from my tomb , by the grace of god , to punish that man . rum restored suspended animation , while the friction of his limbs restored their <unk> . terror seized upon him , and he dared not again press the hand that hung out of bed	132.6143035888672
, he dared no longer to gaze on those fixed and vacant eyes , which he tried many times to close , but in <unk> opened again as soon as shut . received every month from the count of san-felice ’ s steward , and the price of all the little <unk> in wood he sold at rome , were expended in <unk> , <unk> , and gold <unk> . affair to spend the carnival at rome , especially when you have no great desire to sleep on the piazza del popolo , or the <unk> <unk> , they wrote to signor pastrini , the proprietor of the hôtel de londres , piazza di spagna , to reserve comfortable apartments for them . the young men with the	109.14481353759766
moderation of a good <unk> . , ” returned beauchamp ; “ for i <unk> him without knowing what he does . in the spanish fashion ; you wore a robe of green satin embroidered with gold and silver , hanging sleeves knotted upon your beautiful <unk> lovely <unk> large diamonds . athos “ we only carried off his mother ; the king has spoiled him of his name and property . ” window , and placing himself so that a ray of light should fall upon the letter as he held it , he drew it from his pocket and read it again ; but he had not been mistaken , the appointment was for ten o ’ clock . showing him the crawfish hung up by	101.05432891845703
the thread : ’ tis impossible . ” portfolio . ” the sum of five million one hundred thousand francs , to be repaid on demand by the house of thomson & french of rome . ” which was that felton would appear at the breakfast hour ; but felton did not come . is , ” replied cavalcanti , in a very modest tone . son with him this evening , the <unk> , as we say in italy ; he confides him to my care . ” cried the sergeant . who killed him , ” said athos in a soft , low tone , “ ’ twas destiny . ” well that justice never lets go that which it once <unk> hold of . ourselves	87.79316711425781
, that m. de morcerf is one of the most assiduous peers at the luxembourg , a general renowned for theory , but a most <unk> amateur of art . ground ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . is not equal to his mother when we put foot in france , if we are not poisoned or killed before then . ” count , ” said albert gayly , arranging his cravat and <unk> , “ you are really most kind , and i hope you will consider me as under eternal obligations to you , in the first place for the carriage , and in the next for this visit , ” and he put out his hand to the count , who shuddered as he gave	62.274452209472656
his own , but who nevertheless did give it . in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance . d ’ artagnan returned with the two thousand livres , and without having met with any accident . which began , step by step , foot by foot ; unhappily , in an instant he fell , mortally wounded . , sir , ” answered a voice which was the voice of high command in the battle-field , “ that he sent against me the only two men capable of getting the better of four men ; of fighting man to man , without discomfiture , against the comte de la fere and the chevalier d ’ herblay , and of surrendering only to fifty men	112.98638153076172
! , it is a prisoner , the noise i make will alarm him , he will cease , and not begin again until he thinks everyone is asleep . ” all , ” said the inspector . you is to make you one of the agents of that <unk> ’ the bargain was concluded . the idea that a house belonging to my wife ’ s father and mother should pass into the hands of strangers . know not . , i beg of you , but lend me a horse . ” describe the state of stupor in which villefort left the palais . rich , and your own master ? ’ ” her gave to her life the appearance of those clouds which float in	75.81019592285156
the heavens , reflecting sometimes azure , sometimes fire , sometimes the opaque blackness of the tempest , and which leave no traces upon the earth behind them but <unk> and death . work , his servant , notwithstanding orders to the contrary , came to his room . ” said the captain , “ why no complaints are made to the government , and why the vessel never reaches port ? ” can answer positively ; no , sir , he had not , because he applied to me six months ago for the particulars he required , and as i did not know when i might again come to paris , i recommended m. cavalcanti to him . ” more than that—— ” and he snapped	107.16500854492188
his fingers ; “ but it is my lord <unk> who cares about them ; as an italian he is superstitious . ” the cardinal , “ everybody seems to have passed the evening with you . ” is one of my friends , or rather , i am one of his . m. benedetto , is nothing more nor less than an assassin ! ” said aramis . julie , pressing the purse to her heart , “ no , no , i beseech you do not take it , for some unhappy day you will leave us , will you not ? ” doubt , the young man reflected a little , for he went towards his groom , saying : bearings . ” replied d	54.46950912475586
’ artagnan , “ that i can see upon this pier neither inspector nor sentinel nor <unk> . ” of lens . , when the arrow lights point downward on somebody ’ s head . ” impulse , franz withdrew as much as possible behind his pillar . morrel , danglars and caderousse were despatched in search of the bridegroom to convey to him the intelligence of the arrival of the important personage whose coming had created such a lively sensation , and to beseech him to make haste . , edmond , are you not ? ” asked the abbé . medici , after the massacre of saint bartholomew : ‘ how have i played my little part ? ’ ” , ” said d ’ artagnan	118.64286041259766
. his own handwriting . ” said , “ you are , i fear , gained over to the court . added madame de villefort , “ is quite agreeable to the wishes of m. d ’ épinay and his family ; besides , he had no relations nearer than an uncle and aunt , his mother having died at his birth , and his father having been assassinated in 1815 , that is to say , when he was but two years old ; it naturally followed that the child was permitted to choose his own pursuits , and he has , therefore , seldom acknowledged any other authority but that of his own will . ” , ” he said , “ and obtain some pious	72.4862060546875
grant from him . ” brave porthos . not look , will you ? —it is because they have had the axe , with which criminals are executed , brought and placed there on the table . , so handsome , so elegant , so <unk> ” blaisois . out of his carriage when the porter met him with a parcel in his hand . <unk> i know his former <unk> i shall not speak to him until the day after to-morrow . ” well to ask , ” said eugénie , laughing ; “ i forgot that i was hercules , and you only the pale <unk> ! ” , maximilian ; how do you know that he does ? preparations this morning . ” , count	65.81160736083984
, ” exclaimed albert , delighted at the idea of having to <unk> so distinguished a person as monte cristo ; “ tell me truly whether you are in earnest , or if this project of visiting paris is merely one of the chimerical and uncertain air castles of which we make so many in the course of our lives , but which , like a house built on the sand , is liable to be blown over by the first <unk> of wind ? ” know where he was , and wished himself a hundred feet <unk> . , ” answered grimaud . me . ” a small furnished house to let in the rue des <unk> , where his mother would find a humble but <unk>	104.33793640136719
lodging , and thither he intended conducting the countess . ” and running into a court , he disappeared . . ” said he ; “ but the instant your majesty considers me a prejudiced judge , i withdraw . ” shall always be what i am , and therefore it is that i utter the things you have never heard , even from the mouths of <unk> kings have need , and other persons have fear of you . cristo , he fell into profound gloom . <unk> of possibility disappear ; the fields of infinite space open to you , you advance free in heart , free in mind , into the boundless realms of unfettered reverie . to the count when he mentioned the dear	158.46006774902344
spoil found beneath the flowers . ” end of a few minutes the belfry of st . quite forgot the races . festival of my marriage , monsieur , ” said the young man , his voice slightly tremulous , so great was the contrast between that happy moment and the painful ceremony he was now undergoing ; so great was the contrast between the sombre aspect of m. de villefort and the radiant face of mercédès . experienced of this malady , i have continually reflected on it . s chamber , on the first flight , where they are dressing his wounds . ” can live well to the end of the month . s hand and kissed it ; the count allowed him to pay	108.43071746826172
the homage he felt due to him . father ; my resolution is irrevocable . ” the door . first <unk> don ’ t think , d ’ artagnan , i am telling you anything <unk> a lawyer ; they thought that ‘ nauseous ; ’ you can understand that ’ s a word bad enough to make one kill thirty thousand men . of the <unk> you have indeed suffered long enough . ” , “ a treasure is not a thing we need hurry about . ” after another , the cells and dungeons of several of the prisoners , whose good behavior or stupidity recommended them to the clemency of the government . ” returned the voice ; “ tomorrow . ” that there is	104.4494857788086
still danger for you , since a single word makes you tremble ; and you confess that if that word were heard you would be ruined . those <unk> who detain women by force . turned away , sighing heavily . albert , whose courage revolted at the idea of being plundered <unk> , “ not make any resistance ! ” difficulty , alleging their fear of depriving him of it ; but the count replied that , as he was going to the <unk> theatre , the box at the argentina theatre would be lost if they did not profit by it . astonishment . , ” cried aramis . back . ” to pass away another quarter of an hour , pretended to be reading something	103.01339721679688
that interested him and muttered that he wished they would allow him to finish his chapter . to save the victim before we think of <unk> her , ” said d ’ avrigny . well received . a crime ! ” to do again , i would again do it . ” monseigneur . ” dantès , “ you might well endure the tedious delay ; you were constantly employed in the task you set yourself , and when weary with toil , you had your hopes to refresh and encourage you . ” fear , flew towards the house . the abbé to himself , “ you would have done. ” the abbé rose , took his hat and gloves . . he said ; and he	93.57747650146484
went toward the door of the second compartment . whatever price it may be , i will have them . ” , sent as a vanguard , that our friend d ’ artagnan formed a part . ” murmured he , “ if the procureur himself had been at marseilles i should have been ruined . , who became whiter than the wall against which he leaned to prevent himself from falling . i could , my lord . ” and she perceived felton . a thoughtful glance . ’ s not a man to allow himself to be taken <unk> ; he ’ ll defend himself . ’ a long letter . , ” said the <unk> “ i may call you so since we have really	57.672061920166016
been friends for the last eleven <unk> discovery of this secret has been occasioned by a great event which you must never know . but one fights only with equals . ” a drawing-room , from which we must retire politely and honestly ; that is , with a bow , and our debts of honor paid . ” is all . want to make you king , instead of the prince of wales , or the duke of york , your elder brothers . with a smile and taking him by the hand led him into his study . and no one has seen us do it . ” blaisois ; “ <unk> the goods of your neighbor ? <unk> business with me for i don ’	114.45736694335938
t know how long , to the amount of <unk> or 900,000 francs during the year . about to sign the contract . ” during all this conversation had played a mute part , made a sign of the head in proof that he acquiesced in the proposition . replied harrison . a third voice , “ the <unk> of the château d ’ if are not dear ! ” also know that we have done all that human means afforded to endeavor to get one . ” but one year and i will have a constable ’ s sword gilt for me . ” mouston . ” why am i here ? so , my lord , ” said bernouin ; “ but you will hear about	67.23065948486328
him , for la ramee is here and awaits the commands of your eminence . ” and bayard , followed by mousqueton on phoebus , and arrived at the palais royal at about a quarter to seven . hired for you . ” tempted by the hopes of reputation yourself ? ” aramis , “ we know how the matter stands . that , i ’ ll take you to a splendid place , ” said the man with the handkerchief ; and taking the horse ’ s bit he led the tilbury where it was certainly impossible for anyone to witness the honor that andrea conferred upon him . my lord , ” said felton ; “ but as the prisoner is a woman , after all	66.86870574951172
, i wish to pay her the attention that every man of gentle birth owes to a woman , if not on her account , at least on my own . ” large one ? ” inquired cromwell . , and i intend building upon this foundation a miraculous certainty for the future . ” dark in the past and that was <unk> in the future . & french ; at least , so my cashier tells me . ” not to do that ; he would have found in what fashion we had executed his commission . ” shed , my friend , ” said aramis , pointing to a low building on the plain ; “ there you will find hay and straw for them ;	85.7945785522461
then come back here and clap your hands three times , and we will give you wine and food . calling me now . the date of the day on which i had you bidden to come to me , and seek in your memory for what happened to you that very night . ” who have ruined me ! ” she said , “ to my lord duke of buckingham , london . ” come along . ” reply , i entreat you—is not the comte de la fere a noble whom i remember , handsome and brave , a musketeer under louis xiii. , who must be now about <unk> or forty-eight years of age ? ” the <unk> get good <unk> rum over there .	106.54883575439453
” said the magistrate , with a <unk> wave of the hand , “ and tell me to what circumstance i owe the honor of this visit . ” i had not dared to sleep a single instant . villefort , with a sneer . time ago he had not received in his house two gentlemen who were pursued by <unk> ; without answering he went out and brought in the blade of a rapier . open the door , and if he is too far gone in his madness , well , we will kill him ! ” from his head and threw it on the ground . ready for everything , ” replied the queen , and she took from her bureau a document , which	50.50493240356445
she filled up and signed . thus favored , and at the end of twenty-four hours , the bite was mortal . if he were conquered , and see that friendship changed into hate if you were <unk> . i have an idea . ” are really afraid , monsieur planchet , ” resumed d ’ artagnan , “ i will go without you . added noirtier , with a smile , “ one means by which you may a second time save me , if the political balance should some day take another turn , and cast you aloft while <unk> me down . thunderstruck ; a paleness ran like a cloud over his dark skin , but disappeared immediately . are you going to do at	108.63001251220703
st. germain ? ” then demanded athos . age beamed an ardent mind , not of the woman , but of the poet . and held out his hand . the canvas , and saw cromwell seated before a table , his head buried in his hands , his back being turned . her eyelids , and glance over her extended arm . ” and it seemed to her , almost at the same time , that she heard the neighing of horses . _ ” all the servants had fled . was more <unk> than his speech , and therefore at the first halt he sold his steed and with the money obtained from the purchase took post horses . recognize you ! athos . it shall	108.44586944580078
not be signed ? ” ” said la ramee , <unk> his head ; “ you are in the wrong to tell me that , my lord . as it could to the shore ; but there was not depth enough of water for it to touch land . is beautiful , ” returned the young lady . said aramis , with his soft , <unk> voice , “ remember that i will roast you at a slow fire , like a savage . ” s nothing , nothing ! ” cried milady . transport me for life , how merciful ! ” villefort , “ there is something to fear besides death , old age , and madness . privileged man ! ” ironical expression of his	56.24265670776367
countenance redoubled the mirth of the persons with whom he had been talking , and who still remained at the window . in aramis ’ s eyes , as brief as the shadow that had passed over his face , but not so brief but that it was seen by d ’ artagnan . ” said comminges , who , since d ’ artagnan , on the day of broussel ’ s arrest , had saved him from the hands of the parisians , had entertained a real affection for him , “ don ’ t be unhappy ; i never thought of bringing you bad news . so often spoken of you , that he knows exactly how i talk to you. ” then turning to maximilian	63.048858642578125
, with an adorable smile ; although shaded by sorrow , — “ he knows everything i know , ” said she . he may one day suffer what i suffer ! ” upon his knee . us ; we can <unk> , like the _pharaon_ , under bare <unk> . ” monsieur porthos , ” said she , “ that my strongbox , the strongbox of a procurator ’ s wife though it may be , is better filled than those of your affected <unk> . ” ” . believe your eminence , ” he replied ; “ though i have had but little evidence of that good-nature of which your eminence speaks . the _cicerone_ , seeing franz approach the window , “ shall i bring	93.7500991821289
the carriage nearer to the palace ? ” the news this evening by a courier . , ” inquired raoul of athos , “ who is speaking ? ” that dreadful cross , but he felt somehow as if it were coming to meet him . the door of those who think my people can rebel , ” cried anne , unable to dissimulate before the coadjutor , whom she looked upon , and probably with reason , as the <unk> of the tumult . he only smiled . was , seized the mane of his horse , which carried him on with the others . pretended happiness , then ! ” ” replied monte cristo with a smile , “ i do not arrogate to myself the	67.36990356445312
right of so doing . ” me , my lord , provided you want to make a complete <unk> of the city . ” never believe cardinals who are not priests . ” of the iron step of the hackney-coach , then the coachman ’ s voice , and then the rolling of the heavy vehicle shook the windows . a piece of <unk> , of the cardinal ; and as his talents did not enable him to produce a very good <unk> , he wrote under the picture that there might be little doubt regarding the original : “ portrait of the illustrious coxcomb , <unk> ” monsieur de chavigny , the governor of vincennes , waited upon the duke to request that he would amuse himself	72.91332244873047
in some other way , or that at all events , if he drew likenesses , he would not put mottoes underneath them . related the events to you . ’ artagnan . d ’ artagnan to the two friends , “ you may well wish ill to mazarin ; for i assure you , on his side he wishes you no good . ” a thousand <unk> . ” de saint-méran , if science could have done it ; but she is dead and my duty regards the living . felicity from heaven , what joys from paradise , are comprised in a moment like that . of the king and the cardinal , there might be reckoned in paris at that time more than two hundred	93.7469253540039
smaller but still <unk> levees . should i not receive a reply in the space of fifteen days , i shall presume my letter will have <unk> . rack , eating his hay . honor , ” said maximilian ; “ but that will not affect you . groslow ; “ what king ? ” benedetto , his eyes sparkling with joy . <unk> , ” cried he , speaking to the dog , “ will you be quiet ? , and i will content myself with the rest , if they will only give me my liberty . ” to that yellow , sickly paleness which indicates the <unk> of the <unk> in the blood , and which might , besides , be accidental , d ’	81.45196533203125
artagnan remarked something perfidiously significant in the play of the wrinkled features of his countenance . that the fare was detestable , and that they wanted to be set free . was not only the <unk> , but the <unk> of the party ; and as he was a man full of forethought , these trousers , carefully rolled up in his valise , contained every sort of tool for immediate use . myself who is acquainted with the noble art of <unk> . something to say to monsieur de flamarens on your own account ? ” he took some sea water and sprinkled it over her face . terrible ! ” and m. de boville retired with this exclamation , after expressing acute sympathy with the father	112.6213150024414
. athos . find out which of his companions stood in greatest need , he caught a glance from athos . ” said the young man . ? ” as your host , ” returned albert , ringing the bell , while lucien turned over , with his <unk> cane , the papers that lay on the table . ? ” who had listened in the greatest agony , now breathed again . from those principles , monsieur ? ” asked monte cristo , who could not help looking at morrel with so much intensity , that two or three times the young man had been unable to sustain that clear and piercing glance . sum , and turned back on his road to paris . , your	69.6717529296875
brother , your <unk> mistress above all . ” that i crushed for him a parliament councillor . ” better find him out first , since he can ’ t want money . fear , my lord ? ” , ” replied the astonished landlady . touch me , pray don ’ t . ” to meet again . about it ? ” planchet , “ here ’ s land in good condition ; if it belongs to monsieur porthos i wish him joy . ” created from several printed editions , all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included . secret in the deepest recesses of our hearts ; i am willing , if anyone should	123.2175521850586
suspect this , that my silence on the subject should be imputed to my ignorance . old , and he knew that all these complaints were but a <unk> sort of excitation to encourage <unk> that he had now come to his point at last . ” replied the cardinal ; and walking in a straight line he went to the wall , at the foot of which they all four arrived at the same instant . ; she acted like a woman who <unk> up her resources . i desire , i shall owe it to m. morrel . to repent ! exclaimed when the door was shut , “ they seem to have the greatest need of me just now . ” . sir , ”	70.02863311767578
asked she , “ who has the kindness to trouble yourself so particularly on my account ? ” know me ? father ’ s room , followed by madame de villefort . ’ clock approached , and the carriage was momentarily expected by the count , the indication of more than common impatience and uneasiness might be observed in his manner . out of the family in order to enrich some hospital ; but it is ridiculous thus to yield to the caprices of an old man , and i shall , therefore , act according to my conscience . ” , <unk> , that is the word , ” said porthos ; “ for the animal was worth at least a hundred and fifty louis , and	56.778236389160156
the stingy fellow would only give me eighty . ” besieged . ” them a recipe for a certain balsam , which she had from a bohemian and which has the miraculous virtue of curing all wounds that do not reach the heart . louis ? ” on our own strength , and , like others , perhaps , be led astray by our blind confidence in each other ’ s prudence . ” laid his axe upon it . , ‘ oh ! ’ ” leaves or <unk> at the back of the chamber now arose the companions of the man who had been found by albert de morcerf reading <unk> ’ s <unk> , and by danglars studying the _life of alexander_ . the young woman	130.38038635253906
, “ what you dreaded has happened . rushed to meet the shipowner and greeted him at the door . queen ’ s oratory , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ announce to her i am here , and put this parcel , with a <unk> musket , under the seat of the carriage which is waiting at the foot of the private stair . ” villefort , “ there are the treaties of 1814 , and we can not <unk> napoleon without breaking those <unk> . ” ? ” grumbled porthos . for the purpose of laying a snare for him ? him as a clerk in some ship , and without letting him know anything of my plan , to convey him some morning on	64.57720184326172
board ; by this means his future treatment would depend upon his own conduct . , fine spoil ! ” said peppino in italian , and taking danglars by the collar of his coat he dragged him to an opening resembling a door , through which they entered the apartment which the captain appeared to have made his <unk> . see it now as plainly as i saw it lying all crushed and crumpled in a corner of the arbor . ” ” romance , and the world , which delights in romances in yellow covers , strangely <unk> those which are bound in living parchment , even though they be gilded like yourself . go upstairs and try to console the poor old man ? ” asked	153.02919006347656
the abbé . another occasion you can be firm and strong ; but to-day is not the proper time ; to-day , flatter and caress , or you are only a common woman . ” said athos ; “ but why not porthos ? is acting blindfolded , and knows not the true cause , which is known only to god and to me ; but i give you my word , morrel , that god , who does know it , will be on our side . ” ” wretch , who struck at us all and at those dear to us . ” taught ; it is the application of the sciences to truth ; it is like the golden cloud in which the <unk> went	93.46546173095703
up into heaven . ” his hands , placed his elbows on the table and looked at d ’ artagnan with an expression of confidence which imparted to that colossus an admirable appearance of <unk> . fere himself . ” this favor after a novitiate of two <unk> novitiate which might besides be abridged if an opportunity should present itself for d ’ artagnan to render the king any signal service , or to distinguish himself by some brilliant action . rabbit dies , and justice takes no notice . sure of the approbation or disapprobation of a client who can not speak , and as the object of his desire or his repugnance can not be clearly proved to me , on account of his want of	138.1970977783203
speech , my services here would be quite useless , and can not be legally exercised . ” him without kissing his mother . modern sèvres vases , a timepiece representing cupid with his bent bow , a mirror with an <unk> on each <unk> representing homer carrying his guide , the other , <unk> <unk> <unk> paper ; red and black <unk> was the appearance of lord wilmore ’ s drawing-room . himself called by albert , who made the lofty building <unk> with the sound of his friend ’ s name . , and nothing else , and so long as i work , nothing more is required of me . ” existence ? this is a scruple which naturally must occur to a pure mind	153.53219604492188
like yours , but which would easily yield before sound reasoning . ; help me out of france ! ” the combatants and seizing the swords with her hands . he muttered , “ whence comes this thought ? receive and return them , sir , ” said the officer , in pretty good french , “ for i resided three years in paris . ” ? ” , madame , that i have any hostile intentions against your son ? ” on the idea that tranquillity was death , and if punishment were the end in view other tortures than death must be invented , he began to reflect on suicide . time that he was dumb ; he answers only by signs . a poor mercer	133.89566040039062
, who detests huguenots and who <unk> spaniards , to be accused of high treason ? , and touched stone ; he rose to his seat , and found himself lying on his <unk> in a bed of dry heather , very soft and odoriferous . i never had any opinions . said mordaunt . these lackeys , with a <unk> in the left hand . ” doubt , with your enemies , the huguenots and the spaniards . ” ? ” laugh , if you doubt me , ” replied aramis , “ you shall know nothing . ” hear no more . ” , then <unk> still waited ; he at first expected to be freed in a fortnight . to unravel the mystery to which	85.214111328125
she is attached . musketoon and your pistols . ” , but a young corsican , my companion . ” habit of calling persons by their titles from living in a country where barons are still barons by right of birth . , which passed rapidly through the faubourg saint-denis , along the faubourg saint-martin , crossed the barrier , and threaded its way through the interminable villette . , and saw morrel standing at the door , pale and <unk> . die ? ” said she . ” said aramis , “ you speak like nestor , who was , as everyone knows , the wisest among the greeks . ” his treasure , or was all the world deceived as to faria ? command me ,	119.88465118408203
that ’ s another thing , ” said bicarat . d ’ artagnan , “ it is very little to <unk> the unexpected <unk> i am bringing to this poor devil who has so warmly welcomed me . ” gentlemen , ” said the cardinal , “ i know you . who is deceased . ” presented itself to my view as i quitted my father after that last kiss . , sir ; i can scarcely realize so great a happiness . d ’ artagnan , “ i admire this piece of prose . in <unk> and the magisterial robe is the badge of honor . require of me , then ? the cardinal , seizing hold of anne and drawing her back , “ madame ,	60.88079071044922
what are you about ? ” ’ artagnan appreciated the favor the cardinal had conferred upon him in making him at last enter the <unk> without that circumstance he would have been forced to remain in the camp while his companions left it . , and our little fortune increased . the abbé ; “ you will force the last drop of blood from your veins . came . pistache . ” madame bonacieux ; i tell you i belong to the queen ! ” cried the unfortunate woman . cheer up , my dear father ! is a poor wretched creature ) , i did hope . oh , madame , m. danglars is so skilful , he will soon regain at the bourse what he loses	87.9351577758789
elsewhere . ” reason , ” said danglars with a smile , which he tried to make <unk> , “ i prefer m. andrea cavalcanti to m. albert de morcerf . ” , madame , ” said raoul . d ’ artagnan . make sure of him ; his charities alone amount to 20,000 francs a month . ” steps before he became convinced that the woman was really mme . , it must be owned , than if the new-comer had proved to be a customs officer ; but this supposition also disappeared like the first , when he beheld the perfect tranquillity of his recruit . going to take him to a villa a league from rome ; the frenchman assured him he would follow him	81.78900909423828
to the end of the world . lord winter . ” ” said he , addressing broussel , “ silence that woman and follow me . ” sir , and do not forget the prescription . ” send me a woman . ” a <unk> , a brewer ! exclaimed felton , on seeing the knife glitter in her hand . first place a forgery ; it was likewise an <unk> . although he protested against it . perfidy , sir , and succeed in making you understand that i will be revenged , i shall be reasonable enough , ” said albert furiously . the most miserable of queens , but the most unhappy of mothers , the most wretched of wives . an exclamation , without	73.62538146972656
a cry for help , athos tried to sustain himself on the surface of the waters , but the weight dragged him down ; he disappeared by degrees ; soon nothing was to be seen except his long , floating hair ; then both men disappeared and the <unk> of the water , which , in its turn , was soon effaced , alone indicated the spot where these two had sunk . in the united states , you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook . a cry , but a cry of joy . your majesty , which i still continue to doubt , should prove to have any foundation , what a terrible disclosure ,	97.2532730102539
what a fearful scandal ! ” the queen has not <unk> assent to the treaty . ” : www.gutenberg.org/donate . wait for an answer . de winter , “ your majesty will be served by a man devoted to you . looked towards noirtier . puritans have but one word . will go . know with whom he had to deal , and fell upon the body of his comrade as if he were dead . , musketeers , one of whom , by the by , had a dispute with a <unk> man who sought a quarrel with him , for i don ’ t know what . ” without this casket ? ” chamber were four stones , which had formerly served as an altar ,	75.12689208984375
as was evident from the cross which still surmounted them . felt strength to detach himself by a violent effort from the hand he held , he sprang away , running , while mme . ” returned morrel , who could not refrain from smiling through his tears , “ where is the captain ? ” again flashed , but that was all ; he merely repeated his phrase , “ i will go , ” —and he went . , ” said mordaunt . but once , and that was to the abbé busoni . last , ” he said , “ not without some trouble , though . ” t crush him flat . , she thought she recognized the french officer who had been sent	73.41671752929688
to constantinople , and in whom my father placed so much confidence ; for he knew that all the soldiers of the french emperor were naturally noble and generous . mercy upon me ! ” and , uttering a fearful cry , barrois fell back as if he had been struck by lightning . very well toward you , as it appears , my dear porthos , ” said d ’ artagnan , directing the sick man ’ s attention to the full stewpans and the empty bottles . know not its power in france , and yet you ought to know it ! ” ” said the gascon , “ take care of yourself , for i am not a bad hand at the rapier . ”	61.02073287963867
stopped before a low door and drew out a key ; but before he placed it in the lock he turned around to see if he was being followed . a thorough <unk> , ” said monte cristo , smiling . me ? ” attention ? ” dishonored by appearances ? ” said albert ; “ arranging your papers , apparently . ” in each other ’ s arms . , i conjure you in the name of humanity to follow me to aid this man ; if you be not , it is a different matter , and i warn you in the name of courtesy , of which you appear profoundly ignorant , that i shall chastise you for your insolence . ” ” said lord	49.32808303833008
de winter , when the three friends had been named , “ we do not know who you are . louvre ; she had not a soul in the world in whom she could confide . hung one of the most consummate <unk> of the opera , was explaining to him rather cleverly , since he was obliged to be bold to appear at ease , his future projects , and the new luxuries he meant to introduce to parisian fashions with his hundred and seventy-five thousand livres per annum . joy at the peaceful termination of the affair , and was loud in his expressions of delight . through paris on the twenty-third , in the night . ; but , my dear friend , i have	83.92912292480469
one thing to confess to you . ” de villefort , ” said the king , “ come in . ” during one continued buzz of <unk> deep <unk> that some great and universally interesting event had occurred ; all eyes , all thoughts , were occupied with the young and beautiful woman , whose gorgeous <unk> and splendid jewels made a most extraordinary spectacle . me shudder . ” to abide by all the terms of this agreement , you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg™ electronic works in your possession . , ” said the countess , “ at least , as far as i could judge in the few minutes he remained here . ” chimed in la carconte	96.57437896728516
, ‘ they will have a wretched night of it . ’ la carconte , “ do as you like . man of vast stature and proportions . wine that has got into your head , is it not ? to leave my palace , you can not ; so make the best of it . . ” short time and france is large . ” means are limited , and that i am what would be designated a man of moderate pretensions . ” with his musket in one hand and his hat in the other , he said , bowing courteously and addressing the soldiers and the pioneers , who , astonished at this apparition , stopped fifty paces from the bastion : “ gentlemen ,	75.62483215332031
a few friends and myself are about to breakfast in this bastion . from his wounds . , how you have hurt me ! will leave them when i go to auteuil . ” yourselves ? ” replied one of the horsemen . groslow , “ one every two hours . ” went on , meantime , to paris . in the atmosphere , he knew that they were entering a cave ; after going on for a few seconds more he heard a crackling , and it seemed to him as though the atmosphere again changed , and became balmy and perfumed . who made him traverse a court and enter a corridor in which were three sentinels , opened a door and pushed him unceremoniously into	102.99400329589844
a low room , where the only furniture was a table , a chair , and a commissary . profit upon each article you purchase for my toilet , amounting in the course of a year to a sum <unk> your wages . ” twenty years after chapel d ’ artagnan felt his courage fall anew , and returned to look for athos ; but athos had disappeared . ? ” he said to his friend . and looked around him suspiciously , whilst grimaud knit his brows and approached the wounded man , whose worn , hard features awoke in his mind such awful recollections of the past . . turn and found the two friends walking up and down . have known me , ” said	100.47089385986328
morrel , smiling ; “ but that can not apply to the time previous to our acquaintance , valentine . ” church , my friend , you have insulted the church ! ” the prince , “ if you will serve me as guide . ” an <unk> had so terrible an eye flashed before his <unk> had the genius of terror he had so often seen , either on the battle-field or in the murderous nights of algeria , shaken around him more dreadful fire . secretaire ? ” asked valentine . to be reduced to dust and ashes like babylon , of which you have no doubt heard tell . ” that ’ s all , and never did a man more strongly set about getting	98.45574951171875
so . that you can do with most project gutenberg™ electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement . the country in different directions , but in vain ; then , after a time , they disappeared . then . valentine , how has it all been effected ? cried d ’ artagnan , sitting down . aloud , no longer terrified at the sound of his own voice , for he fell into a sort of ecstasy . fellow ! ” replied dantès , “ i am not proud , but i am happy , and happiness blinds , i think , more than pride . ” and fastened on the mask that scarcely equalled the pallor of his own face . heart	64.80330657958984
! ” said the king , “ i should not have been rescued . at athos and aramis , who slyly pushed their chairs a little back so as to leave themselves more space for action . not yet fixed ! ” murmured fernand . ’ s eye ran through the room . perfectly , ” said d ’ artagnan . you remember , at the place royale . ” , he had three colleagues , three brave men , men such as you were wishing for just now . ” either riches or poverty , if my valentine was near me , and i felt certain that no one could deprive me of her ? , i had very considerable difficulty in obtaining them , and ,	79.01603698730469
as it is , they have cost an enormous price . ” , sir . ” , my mother , ” replied the young man , advancing into the room until he was face to face with lord de winter , and crossing his arms . that monsieur de mazarin thinks of cutting off our heads , for heads are not taken off without previous trial ; a trial would make a noise , and a noise would get the attention of our friends , who would check the operations of monsieur de mazarin . ” deign to repeat the words i but imperfectly caught , i shall be delighted to answer , ” said m. de villefort . milady , “ is your presence an indispensable accessory	74.5383071899414
of my captivity ? duel ? ” asked albert in his turn , astonished at this strange theory . heir to lord de winter , if lord de winter did not marry . give the orders , for i intend residing at the house . ” without conferring pleasure . the latter his grief and fear , for it was the second time within a month that death had suddenly and unexpectedly entered that house which was apparently destined to destruction by some exterminating angel , as an object of god ’ s anger . ” said he would do his best to please your highness . ” said , “ i—i do not understand you . ” the shed . _memoirs_ of mme . ” said the	83.96434783935547
count . the eye of a father is no more to be deceived than his heart . ” wife , and i shall be back in two hours , ” and caderousse left the house in haste , and ran rapidly in the direction opposite to that which the priest had taken . mute and immovable as a statue , milady was frightened . believe it ? danglars , “ that bed is probably one of the coffins hollowed in the wall , and the sleep i shall enjoy will be death from one of the poniards i see glistening in the darkness . ” ; they must get to london . , the smelling-bottle of madame de villefort , he had noticed the approach of villefort to	72.88196563720703
madame danglars , and he soon guessed all that had passed between them , though the words had been uttered in so low a voice as hardly to be heard by madame danglars . it , ‘ he was not <unk> ’ so the master of monte cristo gives himself airs <unk> a great millionaire or a capricious beauty . from my father ? ” asked andrea , with some uneasiness . you so sure ? ” one with a letter , and the other put it in the post . ” to go ? ” i , my <unk> , the son of <unk> , the <unk> , the secretary and friend of <unk> know you now , both you and your companions . ” that the	61.96686553955078
unfortunate child was disinterred under the trees ? —that poor innocent offspring of mine , which i never even kissed , but for whom i wept many , many tears . i want money . ” , ” said he , “ what there is in that small vase , can you ? ” the sense you attach to the question , sir . what you have to say , ” said d ’ artagnan : “ _my lord , your sister-in-law is an infamous woman , who wished to have you killed that she might inherit your wealth ; but she could not marry your brother , being already married in france , and having <unk> ” d ’ artagnan stopped , as if seeking for the	92.5586929321289
word , and looked at athos . a very long time , john , ” said he . pain which gnawed at his heart , and then <unk> through his whole body . mistress to the false de wardes . to retire ; but he answered that he was a musketeer at heart , entirely devoted to your majesty , and that therefore he would remain with messieurs the musketeers . ” good , my present happiness ; and all the sovereigns of the earth , even cæsar borgia himself , could not deprive me of this . ” , or i shall have you put out . ’ ; he had been apprised by the groom of the last stage of the count ’ s approach .	71.45785522460938
to <unk> such ambition ? all cried together . . ” more reunited ? ” said andrea . true , ” said she , “ and i will confess to your majesty that my <unk> ” be useless , and instantly determined how to act . kind of <unk> space between the floor of the king ’ s room and the ceiling of the one below it . épinay , unlike you , bears his misfortune patiently . ” a monk ? ” who wished to kill the jew , ” said caderousse ; “ it was la carconte . ” him now , mounted upon his superb animal and seated in his handsome saddle . , i still plead . he said , very well knew that	64.81597900390625
the horror of bloodshed in this encounter , in which frenchman would combat against frenchman , was a <unk> movement of sixty years impressed upon his policy ; and the cardinal was at that period what we now call a man of progress . pass not ten minutes before ; and assured that he was at the catalans , they sat down under the <unk> foliage of the <unk> and sycamores , in the branches of which the birds were singing their welcome to one of the first days of spring . have brought from elba , and pass your word you will appear should you be required , and go and rejoin your friends . that in the attack of last night eight or ten frenchmen were	139.0009307861328
killed , and as many rochellais . ” the rue de la harpe , no . us so much trouble and kept us on the road so much ; you gave him three <unk> in three separate engagements . ” cried athos . dragged monte cristo ; who , ignorant of what had happened , followed him in astonishment , foreseeing some new catastrophe . his pocket a long flat box , which contained several <unk> of the articles demanded . inform monsieur d ’ artagnan of your arrival here . ” he may be from the city , whether he gives eight hours , twelve hours , or a day wherein to pay their ransom ; and when that time has elapsed he allows another hour ’	113.86293029785156
s grace . ” the count ; “ but did you think there was anything particular in his look ? ” that you will find the cardinal where you leave him . ” d ’ artagnan . . ” it has not . ” , but with a calmness more dreadful than the anger of another would have been , handed to the president the record of her sale , written in arabic . with a mission from his eminence , cardinal mazarin ? ” so <unk> <unk> <unk> of ill , that you can not understand , valentine ? ” least . ” for all those soft recollections you endeavor to recall ? ” ? ” asked milady . master , and since his condemnation had not	57.35643005371094
ceased to weep . my good dog , jump the height of this cane for madame de montbazon . ” evidence of a violent and desperate struggle . best for last ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , furious , nailing him to the earth with a fourth thrust through his body . said to him , when he saw him idle and inactive : me , gentlemen , ” said d ’ artagnan , throwing up his head , the sharp and bold lines of which were at the moment gilded by a bright ray of the sun . o ’ clock . expected but to find a blank enclosure surrounded by a straight wall , is , i assure you , a most agreeable surprise .	85.84352111816406
resumed buckingham , looking earnestly at the young man , “ how shall i ever <unk> myself of the debt i owe you ? ” a sudden force ; they heard the hissing of the scimitar and the cry of the victim , then a <unk> mass sank beneath the blow . , that is all . ” , and i wonder at you , sir , ” said the queen . us in italy , ” said valentine timidly . but brief , every one there being wrapped in profound sleep . ” said d ’ artagnan , whilst the boat was taking them to the standard , “ it is astonishing how that young man resembles some one i must have known , but who it	76.68118286132812
was i can not yet remember . ” ” said château-renaud ; “ i narrowly escaped catching a fever there . ” and extended his hand , which she as usual raised to her lips . noirtier eagerly . the same stature as his excellency , ” returned the host , pointing to albert . ” said valentine , throwing herself on her knees , and putting her arm round her grandfather ’ s neck , “ i am vexed , too , for i do not love m. franz d ’ épinay . ” left you , and has he not himself asked you to prepare for this visit ? ” said , “ there is one window of the convent lighted up . ” the count	50.405662536621094
, and to express regret that he had not returned in sufficient time ; but pastrini reassured him by saying that the count of monte cristo had ordered a second carriage for himself , and that it had gone at four o ’ clock to fetch him from the rospoli palace . instant and consult the queen , and we will refer the affair at once to parliament . ” ” said andrea . , ” said albert , smiling . this passage ended , bernouin encountered madame de beauvais , like himself intrusted with the secret of these subterranean love affairs ; and madame de beauvais undertook to prepare anne of austria , who was in her oratory with the young king , louis xiv. , to	85.25740051269531
receive the cardinal . saw my birth . silence would be followed by a fiery outburst . , monsieur the governor , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you will deserve well of the cardinal . ” , _the <unk> . to have ? joy at the sight of the seal , kissed the <unk> with an almost religious respect , and opened the epistle , which contained what follows : ” found an <unk> scaffold , over which they were nailing a covering of black <unk> . ” said athos , when he had ascertained there were five chambers free in the hôtel , “ let everyone retire to his own apartment . to find someone of whom he could ask a question . marriage with	90.79450988769531
oliva corsinari , and the register of your child ’ s birth . ” knew what had become of her , and everything remained in suspense ; but once free , and placed in communication with laporte , matters resumed their course , and she accomplished the perilous enterprise which , but for her arrest , would have been executed three days earlier . me ? ” want anybody else to talk to me . despise sweet things in proper time and place , i found the supper rather light . ” father ? ” dear count , present me to your princess . ” of the king ’ s room , replaced on his head the hat he had taken off to receive his guests , looked	137.3397979736328
for a moment contemptuously at this simple , yet touching scene , then turning to d ’ artagnan , assumed an air of triumph at what he had achieved . aramis , “ you allowed yourself just now to treat us in a most extraordinary manner . and groslow , who was wiping the perspiration from off his forehead , answered : , ” said aramis , with that ingenious air of confidence which every poet has in himself ; “ but let me be properly acquainted with the subject . —it may be more deeply than others , —i never rest till i have torn the disguises from my fellow-creatures , and found out their weaknesses . once more and saw caderousse sitting by the side of	143.2622528076172
a long table upon one of the low wooden stools which in country places are frequently used instead of chairs ; his back was turned towards me , so that i could not see the expression of his <unk> should i have been able to do so had he been placed differently , as his head was buried between his two hands . bastion was not built yesterday all the rest of the building was badly shaken . ” the count , motioning the two young men to sit down . bodies . ” are known to others ? ” in manner nor in feeling , but a sort of <unk> , a <unk> , a pantaloon . particulars . was too natural an accident to excite suspicion	122.55674743652344
. monte cristo , “ here , in this very spot ” ( and he stamped upon the ground ) , “ i had the earth dug up and fresh <unk> put in , to refresh these old trees ; well , my man , digging , found a box , or rather , the <unk> of a box , in the midst of which was the skeleton of a newly born infant . ” kindness also to awaken monsieur du vallon and to say ’ tis by his eminence ’ s order , and that i shall await him at the stables . ” he said , ‘ providence does exist , only you have never seen him , because the child of god is as invisible	90.86722564697266
as the parent . from his cravat and placed it on the paper . to the day , the very hour and the date is a sacred one , maximilian . first ball at which the duke of buckingham shall be present . . sitting up in the armchair , a still more graceful and abandoned position than when she reclined . , ” resumed lord de winter . the mendicant . any mistake , are you ? ” said the notary ; “ you really mean to declare that such is not your intention ? ” the lys ; i shall only have to cross the river , and i shall be in a foreign country . ” invalid an interrogative look as to the new favor	79.23030090332031
which he designed to bestow on him . no , no , no , she is not there , ” replied edward , singing his words . in your turn , if you please ? ” , the duke ’ s confidential lackey , at the same moment . to retire . , a small craft from <unk> bound for boulogne . in return for your story , ” continued noirtier , “ i will tell you another . ” the family , and was in the count ’ s possession . to do , i ’ faith ? times , ” said louis xviii. , smiling , “ is a thing very easy to meditate , but more difficult to conduct to an end , inasmuch as	48.955013275146484
, re-established so recently on the throne of our ancestors , we have our eyes open at once upon the past , the present , and the future . be assured that i shall be entirely devoted to the person who will give me the means of quitting paris . ” “ the three graces , ” now in the louvre . soul for mazarin ; but—— ” concern , <unk> captivity ? ” franz , “ i regret much that such a question has been raised in the presence of mademoiselle valentine ; i have never inquired the amount of her fortune , which , however limited it may be , exceeds mine . ” said danglars , bowing , “ i will precede you , to	93.9408187866211
show you the way . ” windows at the rospoli palace ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ this was what happened to me— ” at the spot where groslow stood they stopped , as if guessing that he was the man they wanted . . ” has directed the fatal blow , ” said emmanuel , “ it must be that he in his great goodness has perceived nothing in the past lives of these people to merit <unk> of their awful punishment . ” the host , “ misfortune is coming on our house ; it is the former executioner of bethune . ” to m. de tréville ’ s . ” cried the duke . said the guide , and pushing danglars into the cell	54.57026290893555
, he closed the door upon him . at the pomme-de-pin . asleep upon a bench . ? ” last , you arrive at five minutes to ten , when the time fixed was half-past ! two powerful rivals <unk> with each other in procuring , not only from all the provinces of france , but even from all foreign states , the most celebrated swordsmen . are going to <unk> a traveller , sinbad the sailor , a man who comes to see paris ; you are going to make a <unk> of him . ” both fortune and <unk> . ” . , <unk> in the letter , and <unk> his doublet . <unk> arms ? ” your friend ’ s lackey was leading him. ’	86.33349609375
‘ do you think he is worth a hundred pistoles ? ’ ‘ yes ! leave the standard to sail peaceably , not toward london , where d ’ artagnan and porthos believed they were going , but to durham , whither mordaunt had been ordered to repair by the letter he had received during his sojourn at boulogne , and accompany us to the royalist camp , on this side of the tyne , near newcastle . to speak a great deal in the murder case , and that you should take something to keep up your strength ; ” and the valet placed the cup on the table nearest to the sofa , which was , like all the rest , covered with papers . a	110.15611267089844
pretty mule , ” said porthos ; “ you are right , i have seen very great spanish nobles whose whole suite were mounted on <unk> . . speaking countenance of the prime minister ; he looked at the queen with anxiety . he is already an old man . ” case , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ they are doubtless <unk> her from one prison to another . accompany them . a steward rob his master ? ” , and enjoyed the satisfaction of which he had been ambitious all his <unk> of standing behind a gilded carriage . said athos . the cardinal as soon as possible . ” only regret if the horse had not proved good . ” ” for access to	66.02169036865234
, viewing , displaying , performing , copying or distributing any project gutenberg™ works unless you comply with paragraph 1.e.8 or 1.e.9 . about supper . majesty ’ s guards , monseigneur , and i have no reason to be dissatisfied . ” of the vineyard ; the nephew expired at his own door , making signs which his wife could not comprehend . impatient to reach the house of thomson & french that he would not wait for the horses to be harnessed , but left word for the carriage to overtake him on the road , or to wait for him at the bankers ’ door . little sloop , with a narrow keel and high <unk> , bearing on its flag the monte cristo arms	114.06731414794922
which were a mountain <unk> , on a sea <unk> , with a cross <unk> in chief which might be an allusion to his name that recalled <unk> , the mount rendered by our lord ’ s passion more precious than gold , and to the degrading cross which his blood had rendered holy ; or it might be some personal remembrance of suffering and <unk> buried in the night of this mysterious personage ’ s past life . fit of laughter . five or six of the cardinal ’ s guards , who recognized d ’ artagnan , and knowing that it was he who had wounded jussac , they looked upon him with a smile of singular meaning . eugénie , “ you are very pale	103.65963745117188
! ” beaufort , who was coming from the vendomois and whom the coadjutor was showing to the parisians , intoxicated with joy . bore such an impress of high degree , that madame de chevreuse half rose from her seat when she saw him and made him a sign to sit down near her . crime , of which i have the proof ? ” to you ? ” said monte cristo . at your heels ; and your visit , if it should ever be known to the cardinal , will thus seem legitimate . ” ” said the prince , with that wonderful glance that was peculiar to him , “ it is with small armies that great battles are won . ” , and	66.65436553955078
, with an indignant expression of pride and modest fear , exclaimed : still possible to observe in monte cristo the concentrated look , changing color , and slight trembling of the eyelid that show emotion . these industrious worthies do not pay to their feudal lord some <unk> for his protection ? ” , this way ! ” he cried , directing his course toward the gate that had been pointed out . , to say nothing of our own , is perhaps in that very despatch . ” assent . you any commands ? ” asked bernouin . a case one <unk> ” the cabin door was <unk> ; now i recollect , <unk> himself passed by just as captain leclere was giving me the packet	178.65631103515625
for the grand marshal . ” of the amours of madame de bois-tracy ? ” said d ’ artagnan , wishing to have the air , in the eyes of the citizen , of being posted as to court affairs . , you are not brave enough to be of any use to me whatever , ” replied mme . party , count . ” ” cried grimaud . , the particulars which are given prove that fernand mondego , raised by ali pasha to the rank of <unk> , is no other than count fernand of morcerf ; then , recollecting the honor you had done me , in <unk> me to your friendship , i hastened to you . ” a lesson the day after to-morrow	70.01608276367188
? ” the persons we quit and those we meet afterwards . devil ! ” cried athos ; “ nothing escapes him . ” eyes on this courageous speaker . was , and what a stupid fellow i am ! tell you what kind of service he requires of you . ” have promised to give my daughter to a man who loves her , but not to one who does not . the staircase conducting from the ground floor to maximilian ’ s room ; when he reached the landing he listened attentively , but all was still . head sink pensively upon her bosom . <unk> in the lock ; he listened until the sound of steps died away , and then , hastily <unk> his	87.98326873779297
bed , saw by the faint light that penetrated into his cell , that he had labored uselessly the previous evening in attacking the stone instead of removing the plaster that surrounded it . which the <unk> of the turks , the <unk> of the <unk> , the stake and the brand of the <unk> <unk> , are <unk> tortures , and which are unpunished by society ? the thames . replied monte cristo , “ that all his fortune will come to you , and justly too , since mademoiselle danglars is an only daughter . cardinal ! in the very direction he indicated , a groan , expressive of bitter grief , was heard , and a woman was seen waving her hand to a passenger	105.58268737792969
on board the vessel about to sail . before a tribunal i will still say , ‘ no , my daughter is not guilty ; —there is no crime in my house . faces are colored by blood , his face seemed dyed by hatred and became livid . he was mounting his horse , d ’ artagnan , who felt at the bottom of his heart a partiality for the duke , took planchet aside . , ” said aramis , “ but if these gentlemen like a cool retreat under the trees , and perfect seclusion , i will get the key from the hotel de rohan and we shall be well suited . ” irresolution . his investigations , a more abundant and more icy	106.21247100830078
sweat rolled in large drops from his forehead ; his heart was oppressed by a horrible anguish ; his respiration was broken and short . in the dressing-room ? ” , i don ’ t know her . ” was buried up to the hilt in the left side of the executioner . then , ” said the corporal . cloaks , in whose drapery they were carefully enveloped ; one of them , shorter than the rest , remained <unk> in the background . ! ” whispered mme . to find much resistance on the part of the flesh , and she was sufficiently skillful to prevail over all the obstacles of the mind . that i promise to do all you wish if you allow me	76.16735076904297
to accompany you where you are going . ” poor father , sir . ” took a step toward her . my god , my head swims ! see those beings to whom you allude ? ” be here ? ” of my mother , count ; look at her , —still beautiful , witty , more charming than ever . feverish or delirious tonight , but thoroughly awake ; midnight is striking , which is the hour murderers choose . ” , his face shaded by a forest of virgin hair , opened the door , and bowed with the air of a man forced at once to respect in another lofty stature , which indicated strength , the military dress , which indicated rank , and	122.39363861083984
a <unk> countenance , which indicated familiarity with good living . , drew back , like a traveller at the sight of a serpent , and fell into a chair beside him . service . ” four gunshot holes in his cloak and two in his beaver . very pale ; he looked round him a second time , several members of the club were whispering , and getting their arms from under their cloaks . voiture ill ? ” inquired a gentleman who had spoken to athos in the rue saint honore ; “ what is the matter with him ? ” the church ; i re-enter it . each <unk> object is a title ; mine , money . exclaimed the abbé . at marseilles .	89.47689056396484
” madame , to be a great and powerful queen , and that it will be unworthy of your power and greatness if you do not recompense the arms which will bring back his eminence to saint germain . ” post ? by a few moments ’ private conversation ? ” ” demanded the baroness , springing to the window . much oblige me . ” they will accord the time they have refused to me . at the banker ’ s feet , he could not have experienced greater terror . know them , but the four other noblemen called the englishman ‘ my lord . ’ ” an accent which would have made the count shudder had he heard him . , monsieur commissary , that	72.3023452758789
you are in the profoundest error , that i know nothing in the world about what my wife had to do , that i am entirely a stranger to what she has done ; and that if she has committed any follies , i renounce her , i <unk> her , i curse her ! ” ” duc de bassompierre passed in the <unk> he remained for twelve long <unk> his companions , in their dreams of liberty , said to each other : “ as for me , i shall go out of the prison at such a time , ” and another , at such and such a time , the duke used to answer , “ as for me , gentlemen , i shall leave	67.17682647705078
only when monsieur du tremblay leaves ; ” meaning that at the death of the cardinal du tremblay would certainly lose his place at the bastile and de bassompierre regain his at court . the room announced that in all probability he was bringing in two mazarinists , it appeared to be the unanimous opinion of the officers on guard that they ought not to pass . aramis , “ i must ask your pardon , but i know not how to hide my indignation at seeing how a daughter of henry iv . ” ” a shrill voice from the end of the room . was to have done , and derive all the honor and profit from it . ’ was the same mad creature who	115.8367691040039
threw over her amours such an air of originality as to make them proverbial for eccentricity in her family . you speak like theology <unk> . . morning . ” ; when the time for action comes you shall be put in full possession of what i require from you ; wait till that time arrives and find out your friends . ” every reason to believe that a storm is <unk> in the south . ” eyes met those of the young lady , who smiled . his companion , he sat down , drew out his opera-glass , and looked another way . day after tomorrow . ” ” he cried . device the epithet <unk> , which formed the second part of his motto ,	95.93689727783203
but very few gentlemen could lay claim to the <unk> , which constituted the first . my friends , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ not only free , but in favor . ” , everything can be attained , porthos , women and doors , by proceeding with gentleness . ” see , your excellency , ” cried the steward , “ that this is not natural ; that , having a house to purchase , you purchase it exactly at auteuil , and that , purchasing it at auteuil , this house should be no . painted during the count ’ s absence . he to him . this house , ” said she , “ and barrois is looking out for suitable apartments for	73.2241439819336
him in another . ” returned so as to meet them exactly before the samaritaine , which was illuminated by a lamp which threw its light over all that part of the bridge . noirtier with an expression of sinister joy . , thinking he saw an opening , he thrust his right in and forced mordaunt to parry a counter en <unk> so fine that the point of the weapon might have turned within a wedding ring . a cloak galloping at the right hand of the carriage . said the banker , “ but you will tire yourself , baroness , by such late hours , and m. debray lives some distance from here . ” papers to m. de villefort ? ” yourself , my	115.62265014648438
little benedetto , but just point out to me some means of gaining those thirty thousand francs without your assistance , and i will contrive it . ” of his folly , and delivered from his captivity . ” the agitation in the palais royal , the passing to and fro of busy people ? here ! ” indeed , madame , ” continued monte cristo , “ the secret <unk> of the east begin with a love <unk> and end with a death <unk> with paradise and end <unk> . seeing him and urging his immediate departure , when , on the very evening of coming to this decision , mme . the irritated president , “ you called yourself benedetto , declared yourself an orphan ,	121.06973266601562
and claimed corsica as your country . ” he ; “ she looked so pale this morning , i scarcely knew her . ” project gutenberg™ <unk> carefully , for perhaps the evil may not stop here . capable of being exact ? ” demanded debray . he , “ the sacrifice is consummated ! ” understand . cried d ’ artagnan . a name , and the head bathed in tears and pressed on the velvet cushion of the <unk> head like that of a <unk> by <unk> raised and turned towards him . attacked the breakfast with good appetite , praising each dish he set before his visitor . his head ; his brow slightly contracted like that of a man who has formed a resolution	102.1427993774414
; he fixed his eyes upon an enormous clock that was about to strike ten , and taking up a whistle of silver gilt that stood upon the table near him , he <unk> it twice . ” said m. de beaufort , “ this wonderful animal , not finding here what i ask for , seeks it out of doors ; you shall , however , have his answer . d ’ artagnan ; “ it will make a little change . ” aramis ’ s neck and embraced him . said cromwell . who could assist you ? ” , remove your <unk> ” the general tore the handkerchief from his eyes . ? want battle ; and you shall have it . ” i await	75.75523376464844
two persons , and the instant they arrive we shall sit down to table . ” as though she would spring from her chair , but villefort stopped , and clasped his hands as if to implore her attention . <unk> . as a lackey out of a place , who was in search of a situation . mordaunt , ” he said . , “ behold , other players appear . ” only sought to increase your own , and i am convinced that you have succeeded . i merely suppose so , as i might suppose anything else , ” replied villefort with a look so fixed , it indicated that his powerful mind was on the verge of despair and madness . , i understand	72.96761322021484
how you study theology . ” of money to bring matters to an end with louis xii . you there . de <unk> , were now off the <unk> du pharo , and about to double the battery . parliament , your noisy dissensions with the princes , who fight for you to-day and to-morrow will fight against you , the popular following directed by the coadjutor , president blancmesnil , and councillor <unk> that disorder , in short , which <unk> the several departments of the state , must lead you to view with uneasiness the possibility of a foreign war ; for in that event england , exalted by the enthusiasm of new ideas , will ally herself with spain , already seeking that alliance .	261.80621337890625
’ herblay say so . ” livery of considerable style and richness , appeared at the threshold , and , placing two cards in the landlord ’ s hands , who forthwith presented them to the two young men , he said : said the prince , understanding the reason of that ignorance ; “ the man was caught in the act of assassination and robbery ; he might have purchased his life by speaking ; he doesn ’ t wish to speak . badly , ” replied aramis ; “ and while acknowledging the justice of your reclamation , i refuse it on account of the form . ” monsieur de tréville , captain of the musketeers . ” it is quite laughable . ” porthos were	67.54717254638672
engaged in conducting the cardinal to saint germain , athos and aramis returned to paris . , guided by planchet , the little cavalcade set out , taking the route the carriage had taken . ? ” asked franz of the count ; for , as all the talk was in the roman dialect , he had not perfectly understood it . reply , but his voice died on his lips , and he could not utter a word . ” cried porthos . journey to see my family , in the lower part of brittany , to obtain the sum necessary for my departure . ” francs , does it not ? ” asked he . have i to say ? ” . ” that dantès was	46.843421936035156
on board a smuggler . not queen , ” murmured anne of austria , overcome , in spite of herself , by the expression of so profound a passion . emmanuel , when they were at the end of the place royale , “ put me down at my door , that my wife may not have a single moment of needless anxiety on my account or yours . ” cushions of silver cloth brought there , and as he <unk> his chibouque , see all paris pass before him . ” , which he gave to this man ; then he bowed . concern the home but the financial department . eyes over that unfortunate city , which contained so much deep misery and so many heroic	119.07950592041016
virtues , and recalling the saying of louis <unk> , his political predecessor , as he himself was the predecessor of robespierre , he repeated this maxim of <unk> ’ s gossip : “ divide in order to reign . ” replied de boville , in supreme good-humor at the certainty of recovering his two hundred thousand francs , — “ no matter , i can fancy it. ” and he shouted with laughter . , ” said danglars with supreme impertinence , “ that you had a <unk> to make up ? ” struck one . st. jacques , under verdant arches . ? paper which you must not part with on any account , and which you will deliver into the proper hands . ” was	148.05267333984375
noted for his rigid <unk> , not only of the obligations imposed on a soldier , but also of the duties of a man ; and he thus gained the name of “ the <unk> ” we need hardly say that many of those who gave him this epithet repeated it because they had heard it , and did not even know what it meant . ? ” ” said the young man , “ a glass of wine , father , will revive you . ” exclaimed the novice , “ do you know monsieur de tréville ? ” turned pale . i see you know something already ; you will restore me to life . ” , sword in hand . the double instinct of woman	67.6728744506836
and mother guessed all ; but as she was prudent and strong-minded she concealed both her sorrows and her fears . , i shall go to the theatre ; i shall look like some retired baker . ’ s room , ” replied the host . right , for i am ready to quarrel with everyone today ; but you have the first claim , m. danglars . ” , charged me to take it from you . ” and the lips , which had not yet regained their color , were particularly thin ; in fact , the deep and <unk> look , giving a <unk> expression to the child ’ s face , belonged rather to a boy of twelve or fourteen than to one so	92.3172836303711
young . one hat on his head and the other in his hand ; and he and his companion resumed their walk toward the convent . told you the other day ; you eat at everybody ’ s <unk> . do with this same letter while returning from porto-ferrajo to the vessel ? ” . , ” said d ’ artagnan . hands might turn in , and he would take the helm . , a few inarticulate sounds alone escaped my lips . this conviction , he pulled his cap down over his eyes , and endeavoring to copy some of the court airs he had picked up in gascony among young traveling nobles , he advanced with one hand on the hilt of his sword and	112.02118682861328
the other resting on his hip . de chevreuse ! ” said milady to herself . disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages . face was illumined by a faint smile , as he noticed the portfolio which the receiver-general held in his hand . monte cristo , “ 1815 is not yesterday . ” a carp . ” grandpapa once thought of leaving this house , and taking an apartment away from m. de villefort ’ s . ” , maximilian ; according to the care we bestow upon it , death is either a friend who rocks us gently as a nurse , or an enemy who violently drags the soul from the body . ” he said	123.85675048828125
, as if awaking from a dream . and collected , put his hand to his belt , where his loaded pistols yet remained . spurs jingled , his cuirass glittered , his sword knocked proudly against his ample limbs . would be quartered instead of being broken on the wheel . ” to the rue férou . woman is pitiless toward the sorrows of a rival . shall be at liberty , that i may not satisfy your curiosity ? ” ’ t you speak ? ” <unk> so . ” since the evening before , my fears prevented my feeling hunger . officer felt the point of the poniard , which , having penetrated through his clothes , was close to his heart . the guests	121.64644622802734
began to come . only one-and-twenty , and can forget the past ; i am fifty , and am obliged to recollect it . ” collar of his shirt , and lace fell also over the top of his boots . ? ” m. danglars ’ speeches , ” said debray ; “ he votes for you , for he belongs to the opposition . ” ” said rochefort , “ it takes you , my dear countess , to perform such miracles ! ” ” gate like a snake , and bounded lightly forward . the cardinal , with astonishment . you have the misfortune to turn your head while your right-hand correspondent was <unk> ” , for what am i in want of ? cried .	76.58416748046875
an officer like you , with a fierce moustache and a long sabre , but they think they may crush a poor weeping girl with impunity . ” regiment came up and they fell upon the few men who had held out , surrounding the two frenchmen . that condemnation , it filled them with grief . one of the guests ; “ that is what i call talking to some purpose . ” any other person , or should anyone else go in your place , the porter will reply that he does not know anything about it . ” answered dantès , laughingly , “ it didn ’ t take long to fix that . the day , tell rosa that when i leave the opera	111.63809967041016
i will sup with her as she wishes . fortune has changed very much since i saw you , madame bonacieux , and i should not be astonished if in the course of a few months it were to excite the envy of many folks . ” livres , ” said the procurator ’ s wife , with a sigh . these gascons are incorrigible ! , ’ continued cucumetto , laughing , ‘ sooner or later your turn will come. ’ carlini ’ s teeth clenched convulsively . bites ! ” whispered the gascon to porthos . wish to be at paris when the count was there . to save such villains as you i will become an <unk> of their plot , an accomplice in their	102.20150756835938
crimes ? ” following the main street he turned behind the château , reached a sort of retired lane , and found himself soon in front of the pavilion named . a point of the sea , commanded by the terrace where he was . of the patient , and frightened to see that the arm was still hanging out of the bed , she advanced towards valentine , and for the first time noticed the white lips . raoul and said : then : richelieu and louis xiii . , but not in sadness ; for from time to time one of those sweet smiles which were habitual to him in moments of good-humor illumined the face of d ’ artagnan . the door , which he	83.74993896484375
closed behind the child , and bolted . a wish and have charged me with its <unk> , have i ever replied , ‘ it is impossible ’ ? ” grace , pardon ! ” cried the wretch , falling on her knees . he will destroy all , friends and foes ; and on my word he would be bad company in going either to heaven or to hell . ” of monte cristo ? ” inquired the countess , when the servant had taken away the last vase of flowers , “ is it a family name , or the name of the estate , or a simple title ? ” them with you ; for i entreat her to give to the poor the immense	83.63520812988281
fortune reverting to her from her father , now a madman , and her brother who died last september with his mother . enjoyment , and la ramee felt that the gayety of heart he had regarded as the cause of health ( of which it was perhaps rather the result ) would not long survive such a mode of life . who was doomed to destroy them , for a conqueror similar to other conquerors , and it was necessary for both to reveal their <unk> , that they might be known and acknowledged ; one was compelled to say , ‘ i am the angel of the lord ’ ; and the other , ‘ i am the hammer of god , ’ in order that	122.15546417236328
the divine essence in both might be revealed . ” , ” said athos , and he rang the bell . his profession must have made him renounce any great undertakings . ” come <unk> ” of it ? must admire <unk> ’ s style and execution . ” dantès , “ i know it is not in your power to release me ; but you can plead for me—you can have me <unk> that is all i ask . cried , “ by jove ! to remember his exact words . ” i see . a cousin who has undertaken this sad office . , turned to monte cristo . the hotel that i had the honor of passing the night here , duke , ” said	76.56525421142578
franz , “ and desired them to come and inform me of his return . ” ! ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i see that you understand french . ” said madame de chevreuse , taking his hand and making him sit near her , while she looked at him with eyes sparkling with pleasure ; “ no , unhappily , i am not the queen . ever since . s silence , during which sinbad gave himself up to thoughts that seemed to occupy him incessantly , even in the midst of his conversation ; and franz abandoned himself to that mute reverie , into which we always sink when smoking excellent tobacco , which seems to remove with its <unk> all the troubles of	73.48213958740234
the mind , and to give the <unk> in exchange all the visions of the soul . courage and resolution , for he exposed his own life to stop the horses that were running away with us , and would certainly have dashed the carriage to pieces . ” said the duke . know of him ? ” ’ clock in the morning , and yet this morning had already brought him into disgrace with m. de tréville , who could not fail to think the manner in which d ’ artagnan had left him a little cavalier . you , you could collect together to-night ? ” words of doubt and depression within his mind , a voice beside him said : accustomed to assassinate people ;	62.170310974121094
but i warn you i shall defend myself , even against you . ” unarmed ? monte cristo to himself , as he came away . ” and from time to time giving a touch of the spur to his horse , d ’ artagnan completed his short journey , and arrived at st. germain . in a fortnight or three weeks ’ time , that is to say , as fast as i can get there ! ” vessels , which had appeared improbable during the day , seemed very probable at night ; placed as he was between two possible sources of danger , he kept his eye on the crew , and his gun in his hand . sublime courage , when , having returned	83.88931274414062
to consciousness , i dragged myself to the foot of the stairs , and you , almost dying yourself , came to meet me . necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition . , i beg . ” said raoul , coloring up , “ i did not wish to interrupt your highness in a conversation so important as that in which you were engaged with the count . is not an hour we have passed together that is not present to my memory . ” his hands in great satisfaction . presented himself to the abbess as a messenger from the cardinal . ” in this house ; and we are even a little <unk> ” to lead you . ” as it appears	68.82420349121094
to me , travel in company . when the good you have done <unk> your cause before god ; and see , perhaps it is a happiness for you , humble and powerless as i am , that you have met with me , for if i leave this place , <unk> have powerful friends , who , after having exerted themselves on my account , may also exert themselves for you . ” cord at the moment milady cried from her window , “ don ’ t open ! ” left ? lobby when this note is delivered to you . ’ this cry than the door opened and athos and aramis rushed out . execute your wishes . ” in the united states , you will	83.63907623291016
have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook . , perhaps , aware that m. danglars gave <unk> francs for his horses ? ” ” continued d ’ arminges , “ to dinner ; ” for like most men of his age and generation he did not allow sentiment or sensibility to interfere with a repast . . of our child , let me live ! ” men , unquestionably brave , whose courage no man would have dared dispute ; nevertheless , at that voice , that accent and those gestures , they felt a chill access of terror cramp their veins . like ; so much the worse for those who fear wine , for it is because	154.731201171875
they have bad thoughts which they are afraid the liquor will extract from their hearts ; ” and caderousse began to sing the two last lines of a song very popular at the time : porthos . much urging . and down his cell . resources , and he then turned to god . you wish to know if i am of mazarin ’ s party ? outside the walls ? ” said the count . first <unk> ” the major ’ s eyes dilated with pleasing astonishment . the cardinal , on seeing la houdinière return . them , and you appeared to appreciate them like a judge . his bolts drawn , and made a terrified bound . smile lighted the <unk> features of the young	126.71160888671875
woman . friend , ” said madame danglars , trying to smile ; “ it is over now , and i am much better . ” , is free and unfettered , and the memory of my late father is respected in our country , valentine , as that of the most upright and honorable merchant of the city ; i say our country , because you were born not far from marseilles . ” foreseen , on finding the two men that awaited her , made no difficulty in following them . ” said the young man , laughing , “ she thinks i am worth something . them kitty rushed toward it . not reply . were taken this morning , will you let me have	74.01087951660156
them ? ” name of our master , ali <unk> ’ — ‘ if you come from ali himself , ’ said selim , ‘ you know what you were charged to remit to me ? ’ — ‘ yes , ’ said the messenger , ‘ and i bring you his <unk> ’ at these words he raised his hand above his head , to show the token ; but it was too far off , and there was not light enough to enable selim , where he was standing , to distinguish and recognize the object presented to his view . sacred in two senses ; he should be <unk> as the author of our being and as a master whom we ought to obey .	102.91294860839844
leave the country ; but to leave the country , to fly together , to reach another part of france , where they might live at ease because unknown , money was necessary . affect the son . ” that <unk> distinguished a shadow in the darkness ; then one of the panes became quite opaque , as if a sheet of paper were stuck on the outside , then the square cracked without falling . them . ask you if you had heard any news of them ? ” ” amazement ; athos and aramis looked at one another and smiled ; they knew d ’ artagnan , and knew that he did nothing without a purpose . finished ; i feel it by what remains in	102.50405883789062
my heart . near the panel . street , and like the greek from <unk> who fell in the square at athens , with his <unk> in his hand , friquet reached councillor broussel ’ s threshold , and then fell exhausted , scattering on the floor the louis <unk> by his leather bag . danglars fell into a long seat placed near the chimney . of his host , d ’ artagnan went quickly into the house , and cast a rapid glance at the bed . cathedral , d ’ artagnan saw bazin , who was conversing with the <unk> . the young man , looking alternately at madame morrel and her daughter , “ what has <unk> has happened ? reason . ” in his	77.52490997314453
guest , who , besides , was a nobleman , had left to him his house , his supper and his chamber . such men as the comte de la fere and the abbé d ’ herblay ? ” . ” a large sofa , where he was waiting , as he said , for his outfit to come and find him . and the bastion seemed abandoned . decision and action that characterized his enemies and resolved to act with reference to that . the man who followed danglars ordered him to do the same . my lord , blood will flow ; and may that blood fall back on those who cause it to flow ! ” a look which was by no means difficult to	78.2860336303711
understand . be very happy , but i have my companion , monsieur du vallon , and the two prisoners , whom i can not leave . , came into her mind before going to bed . a bankrupt of trieste . ” with the most exquisite sweetness and politeness , madame de morcerf replied : of comprehension . ; you well know that our interests are the same . ” the travelers were firm , and he was obliged to do as they wished . , who himself also caused a rising about six weeks ago ; but as he was searched for after this emeute he disappeared . ” to be seen , <unk> to and fro from morning till night , pale , careworn ,	80.72758483886719
and haggard , like so many shadows , —the men whom justice holds beneath the steel she is <unk> . in opening an enormous <unk> of <unk> wine ; these were the lackeys of these gentlemen . inexorable judge with her , he had condemned her to death , and she , crushed by remorse , struck with terror , covered with the shame inspired by the eloquence of _his_ irreproachable virtue , —she , a poor , weak woman , without help or the power of defending herself against his absolute and supreme will , —she might at that very moment , perhaps , be preparing to die ! , idiot ; gold is worth five sous . ” said a voice at the end of the	182.4478302001953
gallery . and grimaud was silent . the usual interval of time , a cab arrived , and the veiled lady ran hastily upstairs . ” not avow this religious indifference , my lord ; your <unk> and crimes would <unk> for it . ” sir , half such a piece of effrontery as that would cause you to be quickly despatched to toulon for five years , for change of air . ” , ” responded the landlord , swelling with importance , “ that the count of monte cristo is living on the same floor with yourselves ! ” a great repugnance to treat with such an ill-bred fellow , made out a list , against the grain , and sent it . imprudence to recall	116.51876831054688
himself to the memory of the cardinal . route , that during the ride to the colosseum they passed not a single ancient ruin , so that no preliminary impression interfered to <unk> the colossal proportions of the gigantic building they came to admire . we always want something more than we already have . ” on the point of pushing open a small door , we heard the voice of the pasha sounding in a loud and threatening tone . <unk> , and went from thence to <unk> , where i arrived just in time to witness the raising of the siege . now that you have been thinking of this marriage , and you must see that it throws some responsibility on me , for it	109.73324584960938
was at my house you met this young cavalcanti , whom i do not really know at all . ” to be dead , and have reasons for wishing nobody to know i am living ; so that i shall be obliged to kill you to prevent my secret from <unk> over the fields . ” the direction of aramis ’ s finger . d ’ artagnan . ” as i perceive . ” again mingling with the throng , were taking a last look at the martyr king . chapter 99 . riveted on a man who could thus forget his own misfortunes while occupying himself with the destinies of others . preparations for raoul ’ s departure and was seeking to gain time . porthos ,	89.07672882080078
drawing himself up at athos ’ s compliment ; “ as there is a diamond , let us sell it . ” , whilst d ’ artagnan was quite disposed to adopt a subtle course against the cunning of aramis or the vanity of porthos , he was ashamed to <unk> with athos , <unk> , open athos . , is the <unk> of all this , i confess , ” said the cardinal . save you , i should have considered it another proof of god ’ s mercy , and i would again have endeavored to restore you , i swear by my father ’ s tomb . ” say all this before you took action , sir ? ” she said . , ” said	55.038387298583984
peppino , taking the fowl from the young bandit and placing it on the worm-eaten table , which with the stool and the goat-skin bed formed the entire furniture of the cell . man of four or five-and-twenty , bronzed by the sun ; he carried his head erect , and seemed on the watch to see on which side his liberator would appear . ” said aramis , taking a small key from his breast and opening a little <unk> box inlaid with mother of pearl , “ here it is . ” or madame de villefort who is ill. as for you , although we doctors can not <unk> our patients of nerves , i fancy you have no further need of me than to recommend	127.18455505371094
you not to allow your imagination to take too wide a field . ” backwards , and bowing down to the ground ; it was the first time he had ever met a similar client . , or rather claimed that ; we had conceded enough for them to yield us that . ” can confess . ” ’ artagnan in a swoon . his forces . it was evident that he had touched the shore . . ” and i had good reason to be so , ” replied château-renaud . because bonacieux ’ s reflections were all rose-colored . said the englishman . return to take command of your vessel . ” , tell them , tell them ! ” and the young man ’ s	56.937599182128906
voice was choked by sobs . to attack , sir ? ” he , “ could you not contrive to get rid of this frantic boy for me ? tréville , their captain ? ” ? ” a question : where are the plenipotentiaries ? ” <unk> and that is , that our grooms should not keep us waiting . ” up . ” your finger . ” swords , but they found themselves taken between two fires . your worthy father ? ” must surrender your sword to me , monsieur , and that without resistance . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan , whose impatience was increased by the disregard of the authorities , “ athos , where is he ? ” you please , for	55.93087387084961
a second knife , fork , and plate , and we will dine together . ” been gazing on a serpent , he fixed his terrified eye on the <unk> sufferer . more steps before the landing . ” me say ? ” know nothing , as yet ; when you have finished your story , god and i will judge . ” their saddles and lost no time hastening to the nearest gate . the abbé , “ god is merciful to all , as he has been to you ; he is first a father , then a judge . ” and waited . ” price for all our provisions . bastion , ” said porthos . . ” . ” the blood came . the	71.9128189086914
way it ended . ” ? , and thank you . ” of the <unk> , asking how matters were progressing . indeed lost a son ; but—— ” i was near having a duel with aramis concerning a handkerchief resembling the one you showed to the woman in his <unk> a handkerchief marked in the same manner , i am sure . ” then , a man of the people ? ” said mazarin , astonished . completely bewildered that without taking any heed of what might become of kitty he ran at full speed across half paris , and did not stop till he came to athos ’ s door . almost with terror . put me to inconvenience ; if i want money i can	104.40123748779297
send for some to any of my <unk> ; at bracieux alone , i have twenty thousand francs in gold . that affair , madame ; these men are the ones who saved her ; and i smile with pity when i reflect that if the names of those gentlemen are unknown to you it is because the queen has forgotten them , who ought to have made them the first noblemen of the realm . ” right , ” replied villefort , surprised ; “ he sleeps , indeed ! promising fellow and it is i who have found out his merits , ” said monsieur de chavigny . monarch now are at low water . that he was satisfied . ago , while you were at	82.77687072753906
monsieur de tréville ’ s . ” musketeers and their companion to be with him at half past six in the morning . , ” resumed mazarin , “ that it is in a double envelope . ” would have their <unk> in the cabinet of the louvre , where they had as yet but partisans ; and he , richelieu—the french minister , the national <unk> be ruined . have given anything to find it out . ” a great noise was heard at the gate . moment that it might , ” said villefort ; “ but that happiness was denied me . it ? i am sure he <unk> ’ t yet arrived . know whether your excellency has succeeded or not . ” of	58.27777862548828
a finer , whiter quality than the usual prison fare , and even regaled each sunday with a small quantity of wine . ” your eminence ready ? ” planchet , gallop up to it whilst i <unk> my horse ’ s <unk> , and come back and tell me if there is a light in any of the jesuits ’ windows . ” meditation , which to him had seemed only minutes , he had formed a fearful resolution , and bound himself to its fulfilment by a solemn oath . will not say see him , but even think of him without imagining his stern head upon manfred ’ s shoulders , or beneath lara ’ s <unk> . ” for the next evening franz saw	153.08421325683594
him enter triumphantly shaking a folded paper which he held by one corner . the well-known costume of a peasant woman , snatched his _moccoletto_ from him without his offering any resistance . ! ” she again said , as though striving to impress herself with the meaning of the words which escaped her . him one uniform and a sword . ” t be alarmed , although it is to a lady that i am going to present you , and i am anxious that you should love <unk> ” was a man of elegant manners and strong mind , so that in addition to the revolution he had made in war , by his new contributions to its methods , he had also made a revolution	108.91294860839844
at paris , among the young noblemen of the court , whose natural chief he was and who , in distinction from the social leaders of the ancient court , modeled after bassompierre , bellegarde and the duke d ’ <unk> , were called the <unk> . last-named sum . pity , ” said athos , coolly . the invalid , extending one hand . brother is my brother , ” said edmond ; “ and we , mercédès and i , should be very sorry if he were absent at such a time . ” without any fresh attempt on the part of my persecutor . count , and availed herself of the first moment when the conversation became earnest to escape to her study , whence	97.68486022949219
very soon two cheerful and noisy voices being heard in connection with <unk> notes of the piano assured monte cristo that mademoiselle danglars preferred to his society and to that of m. cavalcanti the company of mademoiselle louise d ’ armilly , her singing <unk> . person . ” ? ” heart of a father or a mother can not be made to understand . from the day and hour and moment when he was so , he could have but one only thought , which was , to gain monte cristo by some means , and remain there alone under some pretext which would arouse no suspicions ; and once there , to endeavor to find the wonderful caverns , and search in the appointed spot ,	155.76596069335938
—the appointed spot , be it remembered , being the farthest angle in the second opening . the exclamation of joy he uttered was mistaken for a sigh . away , for they would send here for me , or , rather , farewell till i see you again . porthos , “ the thing would not be impossible with a good plan . ” enter , ” said the queen . did not pour out against you . ? ” said he eagerly . , perform , distribute or redistribute this electronic work , or any part of this electronic work , without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.e.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the project gutenberg™ license	105.0181655883789
. sir . ” to the club in the rue saint-jacques . ” ” said monte cristo “ you have all the documents with you ? ” of the king ’ s death , his successor inherits a crown , —when the employee dies , the supernumerary steps into his shoes , and receives his <unk> of twelve thousand livres . my own brother ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , as if carried away by his enthusiasm . ” replied the abbé with an air of surprise , — “ i want nothing . ” saint denis . you lived at lucca , did you ? your service . me , ” said villefort . the shipowner , turning towards the young man , “ come this	45.098838806152344
way ! ” think astonishing is that you should expect my coming . ” of her own , and hates me for being so richly endowed . breakfast , did you not ? d ’ avrigny , ” cried she , in a stifled voice . , or of the observatory ? ” there since leaving her house ; the continual silence of the spot oppressed her ; still , seeing that albert continually watched her countenance to judge the state of her feelings , she constrained herself to assume a monotonous smile of the lips alone , which , contrasted with the sweet and beaming expression that usually shone from her eyes , seemed like “ moonlight on a statue , ” <unk> light without warmth .	120.78948974609375
fellow and a kind-hearted <unk> , ” replied edmond , “ and heaven will recompense you for your generous intentions ; but i do not wish anyone to stay with me . the work except the necessity that each was under of returning to his cell in anticipation of the turnkey ’ s visits . is time to draw back , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and your eminence is perfectly free . ” , but he went on asking all the same . reassured him ; he remembered that before they were buried their heads were generally cut off , and he felt that his head was still on his shoulders . queen , whom he does not like , from mazarin , whom he	65.88847351074219
<unk> . ” he said , “ the ideas you yield to are unworthy of a christian . ” who shall accompany you afterward be a man or a woman ? ” do you not ? ” . ” to call to your aid jealousy and the anger of god ! , ” she murmured , and waited , in the assurance that this was but a dream , for the man to disappear or assume some other form . to dispose of this diamond . ” for our undertaking , company would be in the way . ” . remarked the president , ‘ the count of monte cristo knows nothing of your present proceedings ? ’ — ‘ he is quite unaware of them , and	63.54990005493164
i have but one fear , which is that he should disapprove of what i have done . , gout ! ” ” wine in your tavern ? ” asked athos . ? gondy only by report . a moment , and was about to throw his glove at the count , when morrel seized his hand , while beauchamp and château-renaud , fearing the scene would surpass the limits of a challenge , held him back . had resigned himself to his fate , who was going to the scaffold to <unk> a coward , it is true , but he was about to die without resistance . cardinals that can fight ? . the bolt with precaution , and both , light as shadows , glided	77.48695373535156
through the interior door into the passage , ascended the stairs as quietly as possible , and entered d ’ artagnan ’ s chambers . in a <unk> does not know where that may lead him to . ” may be killed at your good pleasure ; but until that time , i warn you that in my capacity of general of the army i shall order a retreat and turn my back on the first red coat we come <unk> ” de guiche and raoul glanced at each other , smiling . ! ” believe ? ” his voice was stifled by sobs . could execute the commission better than himself , grimaud set off at full speed ; whilst , enchanted at being all together again	101.17221069335938
, the friends awaited his return . athos , “ it is not the search of mazarin that i fear . ” said , “ we roughly <unk> out a career for this young man . on the contrary , that if they fall upon him i will fall upon them . ” steps , and , clasping his hands , exclaimed , with real amazement and sympathy , “ dead ? —and so soon too ! ” blown his brains out , ” replied monte cristo with great coolness . details with the same calmness milady had constantly seen in him , never pronouncing a word himself , and making himself obeyed by a gesture of his hand or a sound of his whistle . wrong .	85.13394165039062
” he exclaimed . caderousse , almost overcome by this fresh assault on his senses , rested , or rather dropped , his glass upon the table . breast through a <unk> in the cuirass . but she did not raise her head . hall , except that a few people still moved about and whispered to one another . , my poor monsieur mouston , are out of place in this poor hotel , are you not ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , in that <unk> tone which may indicate either compassion or mockery . on my return , you shall sleep tonight in the <unk> . ” i have frequently seen shadows pass close to me , approach , and disappear ; but i took	103.88835144042969
them for visions raised by my feverish imagination , and indeed when you entered i thought i was under the influence of delirium . ” a man of a certain age . ” from forty to forty-five years , with black hair , a dark complexion , and a scar on his left temple . ” opportunity , the coachman leaped from his box ; but ali had promptly seized the nostrils of the second horse , and held them in his iron grasp , till the beast , <unk> with pain , sunk beside his companion . with inexpressible fervor and feeling . it up in order not to compromise him and the lady he loves . going to fight about , athos ? ” asked aramis	127.64801025390625
. great deal , sir ? ” said franz inquiringly . artagnan , who had plunged into a <unk> , continued his route and reached st . joyful mood . do so ? ” s treasurer , at blois ; tell him your name and show him this letter ; you will receive two hundred pistoles . ” disdain . the head of d ’ artagnan , and at that moment he would have drawn his sword against all the musketeers in the kingdom as willingly as he now did against athos , porthos , and aramis . to me , will you not , morrel , to make me forget my sorrow in leaving her thus ? talking about it when we left paris , ” said	52.75267791748047
m. de saint-méran ; “ and where is it decided to transfer him ? ” morrel , changing his expression of calmness for one of <unk> “ well , and if i do intend to turn this pistol against myself , who shall prevent <unk> will dare prevent me ? when i left his <unk> ” ’ t know me ? ” like the <unk> children build with cards , and which fall , one by one , under the breath of their builder , even if there are two hundred of them . there , i would have cut off the head of that infamous being without thinking of it , or even after thinking of it . he could not have been more overwhelmed if a	94.80419158935547
thunderbolt had fallen at his feet and opened an immense gulf before him . follow the brave example of his energetic companion , and to remember that what has once been done may be done again . down ; near them were saddles and bridles . to him , which he kissed tenderly . porthos , “ that is a duchess of my acquaintance whom i have great trouble to meet on account of the jealousy of her husband , and who sent me word that she should come today to this poor church , buried in this vile quarter , solely for the sake of seeing me . ” written , carlini seized it , and hastened to the plain to find a messenger . said to	95.81999969482422
the postilion , “ eh , _mio <unk> ? _ ” to escape ? ” . event , but as they entered together , all uneasiness on albert ’ s account ceased instantly . a good situation , and able to defend himself . ! , to meet at the duke of bracciano ’ s ball , to which all rome was invited . , but , to his extreme astonishment , the stranger first addressed him . , and the notary watched her while she turned over the pages . to find that , thanks to a common sort of penetration with which i am endowed , i am approved by a man like you , fresh from the court . ” ; do you promise me	80.58721160888672
to make what use you can of the report of the fortune m. cavalcanti will bring without touching the money ? the rock beneath which he lay ; the waves , dashing themselves against it , <unk> him with their <unk> . escape , even if i intended . ” ” said monte cristo . to place it in position . running before the prince ’ s horse ; then , a hundred steps from the village , he took a narrow road hidden at the bottom of the valley . marry mademoiselle danglars ? ” ’ s great astonishment , luigi remained mute , and not a word escaped his lips the rest of the evening . lips and turned away his head in a disdainful manner	85.02294158935547
, saying , “ he ’ s too ugly . ” forgotten that . ” la carconte , “ do as you will ; you are <unk> if you take my advice you ’ ll hold your tongue . ” sacrifice that you make , gentlemen , i <unk> to reward you , i believe that word would offend <unk> to love you as a sister , to prefer you , next to my husband and my children , to every one . , emmanuel came to his wife , who had just finished making up the accounts . ? ” asked the baron , rising and going a step backward . <unk> king charles from the territory of france and in <unk> from helping him—a stranger to	94.95380401611328
your <unk> arms , with money or with troops . turn his eyes now and then towards me , and if he keep his word and interest himself for me , in six months i shall be an officer , or dead . , all turned their eyes to the bench where the four friends were seated . . ” know him . ” chamber ; he made up his mind not to take a single step to equip himself . cried he , wringing his hands in his turn ; “ you love valentine , —that daughter of an accursed race ! ” by a visit from madame danglars and eugénie , which had been prolonged beyond the time at which valentine was expected . de villefort	76.06841278076172
’ s voice was heard calling from his study , “ what is the matter ? ” comes to my side , ” asked porthos , “ must i kill him ? ” a noise , ” she said ; “ leave me . ” taken possession of him than he became more composed , arranged his couch to the best of his power , ate little and slept less , and found existence almost supportable , because he felt that he could throw it off at pleasure , like a worn-out garment . . , ” said mazarin , “ what service do you prefer , in the town or in the country ? ” , signor sinbad , ” said franz , “ to ask you	69.38308715820312
the particulars of this kindness ? ” come back again . of the cold and the urgency of the cloak . haitian , or neapolitan bonds ? ” said monte cristo . live ! ” of blood sprang from the wound . speak before his excellency , ” said he ; “ he is one of my friends . and that tomorrow , before ten o ’ clock , i shall see what color his is . ” glass window , by the light of the cardinal ’ s lantern , which had been placed on the floor in the midst of the gallery , they saw the orange and pomegranate trees of the castle of rueil , in long lines , forming one great alley and two	50.23108673095703
smaller side alleys . ” and i had to use no little diplomacy to get rid of my watchful stepmother , my <unk> maid , and my troublesome brother , who is always teasing me about coming to work at my embroidery , which i am in a fair way never to get done . sir . ” say , what has become of him ? ” monsieur , you have touched upon a tender chord . ” said luigi , ‘ yesterday evening you told me you would give all the world to have a costume similar to that of the count ’ s daughter . ’ penetrating , sword in hand , to paris , i know that well . devoid of such weaknesses . matters	130.88101196289062
of taste and colors , ” said rochefort , laughing . ; i gave orders for my _coupé_ to follow me . ” aramis , “ so , as i am in a <unk> , i withdraw my proposition , so far as it relates to the voyage to rome and monseigneur ’ s resignation . ” the establishment of athos . happy period of life . , ” said athos ; “ the duchess permits you to kiss her hand . ” on his brow as if to collect his thoughts . being exempt from all this ! ” my dear duke , ” continued the minister of police , “ we are almost assured that , in a very short time , the usurper will be	55.28996276855469
insane . ” in front of her and studied her with so much care might have been twenty-five or twenty-six years of age . say exactly , ” answered the gascon , confused . doubting if he really saw before him athos and aramis ; and forced at last to yield to evidence , he was on the point of breaking forth in exclamations when he encountered a glance from the eyes of porthos , the <unk> force of which he was not inclined to dispute . ” replied the major , “ it would be necessary to write to the curé for <unk> , and it would be some time before they could be obtained . ” him time to draw it . before the imperious look	76.62207794189453
of his master , and remained motionless , without making any answer . men in the <unk> and stables , and he placed them at the queen ’ s disposal . i mean , ” said andrea , endeavoring to smile , quite overcome by the strange tranquillity of bertuccio . but the merit in all things consists in the difficulty . ” said franz , turning to him , while albert continued to point his glass at every box in the theatre , “ you seem determined not to approve ; you are really too difficult to please . ” his vest a cross of diamonds , which was hung around his neck by a chain of pearls . sentiment which your eminence will appreciate , measures	83.97647857666016
to be taken after the events . he was about to say , while richelieu , stretching out his neck , waited uselessly for the word which had died on the lips of the king . <unk> me . ” you to tell you that we must never see each other again . ” took a man ’ s complete costume , from the boots to the coat , and a provision of linen , where there was nothing superfluous , but every requisite . . she intoxicated . you remember that this is the 5th of september ; it is ten years today since i saved your father ’ s life , who wished to die . ” dark night ; vast clouds covered the heavens ,	66.29191589355469
concealing the stars ; the moon would not rise till midnight . , ” exclaimed the wife ; “ for you have become pale in your turn . ” which must be taken to its address . ” he , ‘ this is very nice weather , and two leagues to go in such a storm . ’ d ’ artagnan repaired to the quarters of athos , whom he found in a fair way to empty a bottle of spanish <unk> occupation which he <unk> accomplished every night . my wine ? ” said porthos , “ there ’ s phoebus ruined . ” reflection , the procureur was not a merciless man ; and it was not the magistrate , slave to his duties , but	77.60099029541016
the friend , the loyal friend , who roughly but firmly cut into the very core of the corruption ; it was not the executioner , but the surgeon , who wished to withdraw the honor of danglars from <unk> association with the <unk> young man they had presented to the world as their son-in-law . called the chevalier d ’ artagnan . ” the same promise to my love ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , beside himself with joy . continue this pace all night ? ” asked planchet . lost nothing , perceived a faintly sly smile pass over the lips of the young gascon as he replied , “ we had a short discussion upon dress . ” next to you , bertuccio must	102.36660766601562
be the richest gentleman in europe . ” ! ” said athos ; “ and now take this . ? ” know it , ” cried d ’ artagnan . , it is easily done , ” said porthos . ; but this first desire of the heart is imperious . ago , ” said d ’ artagnan . ” cried he in a hoarse voice , “ come here ! ” he placed the armchair on the floor and rapidly rolled it into valentine ’ s room . , of about <unk> or <unk> , with an open , ingenuous countenance , a black , mild eye , and cheeks rosy and downy as an autumn peach . if mademoiselle danglars , instead of being called <unk>	43.493465423583984
, had been named mademoiselle <unk> danglars ; what a fine effect that would have produced on the announcement of her marriage ! ” palace , loud cries of “ long live their majesties ! ” resounded . dear boy ; they will come in due season ; it is only a question of how much shall be charged for them. ” morcerf then , with that delighted philosophy which believes that nothing is impossible to a full purse or <unk> pocketbook , supped , went to bed , slept soundly , and dreamed he was <unk> all over rome at carnival time in a coach with six horses . here , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and i give you my word , that if	157.752685546875
a single man has the audacity , his life shall pay for it . ” ” “ la <unk> <unk> ” she was the widow of the marquis de <unk> when she married de ganges , and having the misfortune to excite the enmity of her new <unk> , was forced by them to take poison ; and they finished her off with pistol and <unk> . faculties , for he can neither move nor speak , nevertheless he thinks , acts , and wills in the manner i have described . ” said he . references to project gutenberg : to-morrow , ” said aramis hastily . strong ; i believe i am courageous , and since yesterday i have learned the power of will . valentine	113.07886505126953
, looking <unk> at maximilian , “ no more inconsiderate <unk> more rash projects ; for you surely would not wish to compromise one who from this day regards herself as destined , honorably and happily , to bear your name ? ” to leave her , milady recalled his promise to avenge her on the comte de wardes . ; although it is only just beginning , did a lovely summer ’ s day ever dawn with greater purity than has marked the commencement of your career ? left alone so long . , ” said he . you are welcome , had not death opened the way for you into this house . ” think they can be in need of any . and everybody was	166.0104217529297
listening to her with attention with the exception of the queen , who had , on the contrary , desired this reading in order that she might be able , while feigning to listen , to pursue the thread of her own thoughts . you if you ever feel any emotions of terror <unk> ” floor ; albert led his guest into the salon . at this house , d ’ artagnan entered a small tavern at the corner of the street and asked for a cup of <unk> . the hedge , after having cast a glance behind it . ? take the king and place him in the hotel de ville ? the same cocles , good , patient , devoted , but inflexible on the	71.57687377929688
subject of arithmetic , the only point on which he would have stood firm against the world , even against m. morrel ; and strong in the <unk> , which he had at his fingers ’ ends , no matter what scheme or what trap was laid to catch him . he , “ here is monsieur d ’ artagnan ’ s answer . ” chance seemed , as it were , to give him the lie direct . to hell , and that is saying not a little , as i believe him entirely capable of the descent . ” eyes and think , i seem to see it all again . it ? ” to you ? ” strength , she took the head of the	76.38278198242188
young man between her hands , looked at him for an instant as if her whole soul passed into that look , and with a sobbing cry pressed her lips to his . be melted by your sweet voice ? others from speaking of them before him , although it was easy to perceive that this kind of conversation , in which he only mingled by bitter words and misanthropic remarks , was very disagreeable to him . down the thames and in two hours are on the open sea . she said , “ persons in the count ’ s situation have many secret enemies . at hearing these words . , “ decidedly it is a night for meetings . to defend him ? ” same	117.8461685180664
gesture athos and bonacieux , “ let them be guarded more closely than ever . ” to that beautiful hand , and then rising , said , “ within six months , if i am not dead , i shall have seen you again , <unk> if i have to overturn the <unk> ” and faithful to the promise he had made , he rushed out of the apartment . are , enemies ! ” said porthos . experience a little uneasiness . the gardener , glancing at the sun-dial , “ the ten minutes are almost up ; i must return to my post . , also ? ” asked the prince . time , monsieur , ” said the king , who , when his passions	53.03870391845703
were raised to a certain point , could not dissemble ; “ i have learned some fine things concerning your musketeers . ” he quickly . in time to receive a gracious wave of the fan from the baroness ; as for mademoiselle eugénie , she scarcely vouchsafed to waste the glances of her large black eyes even upon the business of the stage . the young man , deeply affected , “ i will not say you are all i love in the world , for i dearly prize my sister and brother-in-law ; but my affection for them is calm and tranquil , in no manner resembling what i feel for you . and was not aware of it , by reason of the cold ;	118.75350952148438
but suddenly feebleness , occasioned by loss of blood , obliged him to sit down . me alone you have taken the trouble to cross the channel ? ” do you desire it to be ? ” , and i will . ” , according to your majesty ’ s command , i have frequently interrogated , told me this morning that the night before last her majesty sat up very late , that this morning she wept much , and that she was writing all day . ” i may expect you , may i not ? ” wait . ” . ” ” said d ’ artagnan . of this treasure , which abbé ! ” murmured he , clenching his fists , and his teeth	62.647640228271484
<unk> . is this precious stuff ? ” delayed five days , which , under any other circumstances , might have appeared rather long to m. bonacieux ; but he had , in the visit he had made to the cardinal and in the visits rochefort had made him , ample subjects for reflection , and as everybody knows , nothing makes time pass more quickly than reflection . , was obliged to disperse the remains of his army and to fly , disguised as a servant . ! —three ! ’ murmured my , father ; — ‘ four ! ’ he then arose , seizing his arms and priming his pistols . who possess more millions than you have deniers . all would be changed ;	185.595458984375
if i live , interest would be converted into doubt , pity into hostility ; if i live i am only a man who has broken his word , failed in his <unk> fact , only a bankrupt . replied vampa coolly . maximilian , you are certainly concealing something from us . ” enough three days ago , but what can one do ? ? ” replied she . i hope , some establishment like that of the magdalens , or of the repentant daughters . ? ” ” cried the jesuit ; “ the world still speaks within you in a loud voice , <unk> <unk> . andrea , at war with society ever since his youth , was quite as deep as a gendarme ,	126.70858764648438
even though he were advanced to the rank of brigadier , and quite prepared for the fire , he had climbed out on the roof and was crouching down against the <unk> . the river the three men perceived that they were followed , turned around , and looking <unk> at the frenchmen , passed some jests from one to another . i go in consequence of an order from the cardinal , no one will believe you anxious to follow me . ” villefort , “ the usurper is detested in the south ; and it seems to me that if he ventured into the south , it would be easy to raise languedoc and provence against him . ” him perfectly , ” cried m. de	78.80521392822266
boville ; “ he was crazy . ” use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever . convinced you . that his <unk> stands in need of being <unk> by a mixture of good wine . ” the two persons for whom he had prepared this scene could scarcely endure it , and not wishing to carry it too far , said : ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ and we place ourselves at your orders . ” can you deny all this ? ” any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions . by the ladder . ” said athos . ” he cried , “ that	67.6264877319336
was my only prayer at last ; i no longer begged for liberty , but memory ; i dreaded to become mad and forgetful . said athos , in the same language , “ if there are two <unk> , a pure and an <unk> ? ” in this world and we shall see that this apparently slight incident came near endangering the monarchy . made a lunge , and touched his adversary on the shoulder . , and nothing had been heard of either the one or the other . ” said the king . general cromwell has sent monsieur mordaunt to fetch me . upon any ? ” asked danglars . the danger he has been in ? ” touched at leghorn , he remembered a	94.5425796508789
barber in st. <unk> street ; he went there to have his beard and hair cut . ? ” , ” exclaimed laporte , “ monsieur d ’ artagnan is right . ” a weak chest , and like <unk> in the <unk> <unk> , she would die one day while singing . my lord ? ” he asked . milady had stabbed herself . no . worked , on the shout of joy which , with a single word , he could <unk> from all these men , if he gave utterance to the one unchanging thought that pervaded his heart ; but , far from disclosing this precious secret , he almost feared that he had already said too much , and by his <unk> and	83.58792114257812
continual questions , his minute observations and evident preoccupation , aroused suspicions . await you at nice ? ” honor to ask our aid for her husband . had all disappeared , and each countenance only preserved the expression of its own secret <unk> behind all present happiness is concealed a fear for the future . and , with a fresh breeze from the <unk> , they sailed beneath a bright blue sky , in which god also lighted up in turn his beacon lights , each of which is a world . villefort , “ believe me , a fortune of 900,000 francs is not so easily renounced . ” your command , viscount ; but you will kill yourself by riding on horseback . the two	192.50540161132812
lamps placed on cromwell ’ s desk , in order that the combatants might have as much light as possible ; and the swords crossed . ” exclaimed raoul , recognizing the young man as having seen him in the rue cocatrix , “ spare him ! of revolutions . ” said d ’ avrigny , and he took him into the chamber where the sick man lay . to the four friends with all sorts of puritan congratulations . death-bed the crimes of others appear very small in comparison with one ’ s own , ” said the executioner ; and falling back exhausted he closed his eyes . from the prince , to whom he had hastened with olivain the instant he had received it .	91.19816589355469
charles , “ call me your father . ” had ended : fault . , thought proper to threaten his prisoner that if he did not give up drawing such pictures he should be obliged to deprive him of all the means of amusing himself in that manner . , which you can dispose of as you wish and return to me when opportunity occurs . athos , “ who is the wretch that has dared to raise his hand against his king ? ” he who spoke to me , sir , ” said dantès , with a smile . had in some degree broken the thread of his ideas . struck the hour . in a way which expressed at the same time her astonishment ,	78.5308837890625
her admiration , and her gratitude . was constantly threatened with divorce , exile , and trial even , turned pale under her rouge , and could not refrain from saying , “ but why this visit , sire ? fere wished me to hasten on , ” replied raoul , “ that i might rejoin the prince on the morning of the fourth day ; let us push on , then , to noyon ; it will be a stage similar to those we traveled from blois to paris . , has <unk> you to take this step , one for which the court is deeply indebted to you , and which is perfectly natural , considering your birth and your misfortunes ? ’ — ‘ sir	113.08997344970703
, ’ replied haydée , ‘ i have been led to take this step from a feeling of respect and grief . said athos , “ that if he had not rescued me from the hands of cahusac , i should not now have the honor of making my very humble reverence to your majesty . ” ’ clock when they set out again . ? ” bearing became still more imposing . are you taking me ? ” from her beautiful shoulders ; and on one of those lovely shoulders , round and white , d ’ artagnan recognized , with inexpressible astonishment , the <unk> indelible mark which the hand of the infamous executioner had imprinted . ” have served as an instrument to that accursed	75.82527160644531
woman ; but i swear to you that this crime shall be her last . ” to paris , and the two lackeys had agreed , for their transport , to <unk> the <unk> ’ s thirst along the route . has ; for heaven ’ s sake , not a word of this before him . should be appointed to a regiment what would his guardian say ? ” for me—i am sure of it . ” into arithmetical explanations with an artist like you , who fears to enter my study lest she should imbibe disagreeable or <unk> impressions and sensations . ever you meet him again , wherever it may be , whether on the high road or in the street or in a church	159.88247680664062
, anywhere that he or you may be , put your foot on his neck and crush him without pity , without mercy , as you would crush a viper or a <unk> ! replied dantès , in bad italian , “ a maltese sailor . , i don ’ t know <unk> the bastille or fort l ’ evêque . and rushed toward her . . ” said the countess , “ that my present residence is 22 rue de <unk> , and that i am at home to my friends every saturday evening . ’ s betrothed was mercédès . ” one i believe , since here we are ! ” , that my health is sinking under these excessive struggles and these <unk> labors .	108.03060150146484
, ’ said the bandit to rita ’ s father . <unk> which was covered by the floor of that room in which athos , porthos and aramis were to pass the night ; the second was to serve as the sleeping-room for the servants , the third , under the prow of the ship , was under the temporary cabin in which mordaunt was concealed . , made an effort to raise his head , and fell back again . , then , to abandon her to the common law ? ’ said carlini . . have left me all i had . ” ” shouted athos , with all the power of his lungs . d ’ armilly , who is playing while mademoiselle danglars is	63.057334899902344
in bed . ” from the paper , and bowed . this war will cost the honor , and perhaps the liberty , of the lady of his thoughts , as he says , i will answer for it he will look twice . ” , listened for a moment to the flickering of the lamp , the only sound in that deserted room , and then advanced to the table to see if valentine ’ s glass were empty . that the grave-digger had found the object of his search . dazzling sensation before the eyes ? ” of the three qualities you stand in need of , and here i am . ” for every one , except mazarin , to quit the room ; and	65.89962768554688
gondy bowed , as if to leave with the rest . monte cristo , “ it was m. de villefort ? ” more impatient than on the preceding evening . went out , and meeting a servant on the stairs , he asked : not prevent your sitting down to table , ” replied beauchamp , “ château-renaud can tell us while we eat our breakfast . ” s silence , and then was heard the crackling of burning flesh , of which the peculiar and nauseous smell penetrated even behind the wall where dantès was listening in horror . three steps from him , he turned his head round , fixing his eyes steadfastly upon the lady with the red cushion , who had risen and was	82.96183776855469
approaching , followed by her black boy and her woman . including carlini , were placed in a hat , and the <unk> of the band drew forth a ticket ; the ticket bore the name of diavolaccio . upon by danglars , who , with a rapid glance at the <unk> old major and his modest son , and taking into consideration the hospitality of the count , made up his mind that he was in the society of some nabob come to paris to finish the worldly education of his heir . fortune to the hospitals . ” , tears without end and solemn promises to remain <unk> of course on the part of the hostess . the honor to grant me that favor . ”	100.95362091064453
la fere , ” said aramis . journey . ” he knows conduct him to his place . ” the king , “ what shall we do ? ” a cavern to which the <unk> palace is nothing . ” ’ s <unk> i shall find you to-morrow at charenton ? ” ” exclaimed the young man , pressing his guardian ’ s hand ; “ and i can set out immediately ? ” rejoiced at perpetual disgrace ; for like all galley-slaves , you said , ‘ i may escape from prison , i can not from the <unk> ’ and you said truly ; the way was opened for you unexpectedly . gave egress from the <unk> space we have been describing into the projected street	81.1021499633789
, the ground having been abandoned as <unk> by its various <unk> , and had now fallen so completely in general <unk> as to return not even the one-half per cent it had originally paid . the dialogue , of which she had not lost a word , she began again , giving to her voice all the charm , all the power , all the seduction the demon had bestowed upon it : and some of our old friends made their <unk> mean debray , château-renaud , and beauchamp , accompanied by all the leading men of the day at the bar , in literature , or the army , for m. de villefort moved in the first parisian circles , less owing to his social position	170.47268676757812
than to his personal merit . on horseback . abbé d ’ herblay , ” replied he . abbé busoni nor lord wilmore , ” said monte cristo ; “ think again , —do you not recollect me ? ” a moment . cent higher than before they had fallen . i have made up on purpose ; they are <unk> doubly strong . ” , ” continued monte cristo to morcerf , “ you are more fortunate than the government , for your arms are really beautiful , and speak to the imagination . worthy merchant , who , in his <unk> year at the opening of this history , was now in his <unk> ; his hair had turned white , time and sorrow had <unk>	77.13235473632812
deep <unk> on his brow , and his look , once so firm and penetrating , was now irresolute and wandering , as if he feared being forced to fix his attention on some particular thought or person . of returning consciousness . entered . turn . the count , and even by this mere contact of individuals the scene had already acquired considerable interest for an observer . young and impulsive , said to raoul , “ here we are , three masters and three servants . the only ones to obey this command and the king ’ s example . the highest favor . creature ! ! <unk> him to delight in shedding blood , needs but the sense of smell to show him when his	187.30441284179688
prey is within his reach , and by following this instinct he is enabled to measure the leap necessary to permit him to spring on his victim ; but man , on the contrary , <unk> the idea of <unk> is not alone that the laws of social life inspire him with a <unk> dread of taking life ; his natural construction and physiological <unk> ” quitted spain , and settled on the tongue of land on which it is to this day . ! but they took part with the princes without <unk> us of it . the part of the queen , ” said he , “ and i—i will appeal to his eminence . ” for some seconds ; but at length d ’ artagnan	114.38944244384766
dropped his sword , which was broken in two pieces by the blow of a stick . come when i leave my dear grandmamma , ” she replied , feeling , with true delicacy , that the person to whom she could be of the most service just then was madame de saint-méran . of lord de winter were heard ; but this time the terrible brother-in-law of milady did not content himself , as on the preceding day , with passing before the door and going away again . and the lieutenant each drew with the left hand a pistol from their <unk> and cocked it in their turn . . thomson & french are not looked upon as safe and solvent bankers ? day to-morrow ,	111.19719696044922
if you want it . heaven ’ s name ! ” and raoul fell back trembling upon his chair . already traveled eleven leagues , d ’ artagnan thought it time to stop , whether porthos were or were not in the inn . question to ask you , —what do you intend to do ? ” the name of franz , the pupil of m. noirtier ’ s eye began to dilate , and his eyelids trembled with the same movement that may be perceived on the lips of an individual about to speak , and he darted a lightning glance at madame de villefort and his son . ? said morrel , “ leave me alone , and endeavor to keep your mother and sister away	70.23543548583984
. ” . the more honorable men there are here the better i shall be satisfied . ” our minister of justice ; he will feel obliged to make some little speech to the cousin , ” and the three young men drew near to listen . of <unk> de <unk> , who arrived in paris with twenty francs in his pocket , became secretary of state , and accumulated wealth enough to divide nine millions of francs among his children and to keep an income of forty thousand for himself . to commit a robbery , to spoil all my good <unk> yours with <unk> both of us to be dragged down there again ? ” distance from the house and alighted . ? ” maximilian ,	114.63958740234375
see the power you have over me , you almost make me believe you ; and yet , what you tell me is madness , for my father will curse <unk> is <unk> will never pardon me . me for three millions , do you not ? ” for me ! ” , he who had spoken second , was ten paces in front of his companion . thank you , sir . ” ” said monte cristo ; “ she has been dead these ten years . ” morning to call on the pretended <unk> he were a real count he wouldn ’ t be so rich . host , tell me if anything has happened to him ? ” , ” said the queen , speaking	58.46794128417969
so low that mme . ! ” he said to the sergeant , “ i believe you are impudent to me ! de guiche . which you tell me . ” a little sleep , for you are saved . ” cry , and fell by the side of his mistress as pale and as icy as herself . flash of lightning , that seemed to <unk> the remotest heights of heaven , illumined the darkness . where i had placed it , under my pillow , and while feigning to sleep , my hand grasped the handle of it convulsively . the same manner , ” said another musketeer , “ that i bought this new purse with what my mistress put into the old one .	69.35054016113281
” d ’ artagnan ! ” cried mme . face . terror and sank upon her knees . out seven or eight months ago from your country to seek your fortune in the capital ? ” you that you may rely on my tenderness ? ” to the side of the table where the fair <unk> sat , and leaning over her chair said tenderly : <unk> a little also , monsieur bonacieux ? to you . ” devour , without being visibly inconvenienced , vegetable substances which would infallibly have killed a neapolitan or an arab . ” i look to my turn for keeping guard with horror . fifty to two hundred thousand livres per annum . ” person may be , why , you see	93.00700378417969
we leave off after a time seeing persons who are in sorrow , they make one melancholy ; and so at last old dantès was left all to himself , and i only saw from time to time strangers go up to him and come down again with some bundle they tried to hide ; but i guessed what these <unk> were , and that he sold by degrees what he had to pay for his <unk> . milady . s name , ” said the president . encounter if i were to go home . ” peace madame de chevreuse frowned , and in spite of all the logic of athos to show her that a prolonged war would have been impracticable , contended in favor of	125.82628631591797
hostilities . that he could distinguish a feminine form on the beach , for it was there mercédès dwelt . evidence of terror , for notwithstanding the friendly adieu of his eminence , they plainly perceived that the cardinal went away with rage in his heart . the purpose of robbery , and as he had only a few louis about him , he doubted not he would be <unk> . the young woman started , and exclaimed in a sharp , bantering tone , which sounded strangely in the darkness , “ are you afraid , dear monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ” friendship ? , and still through his eyelashes a well-known form seemed to move amid the obscurity with which he thought himself enveloped .	112.64317321777344
of her to the queen . suffer ? ” asked morrel quickly . first canto . some , madame , and i think we can find a little , and if your majesty <unk> , we will seek for some together . ” ” lackeys . his jailer ’ s attention to the noise , and watch his countenance as he listened ; but might he not by this means destroy hopes far more important than the <unk> satisfaction of his own curiosity ? connected with newspapers , here is the pendant to the famous <unk> of the <unk> . ” m. d ’ avrigny ; “ we will return . ” <unk> he still alive ? ” , it is necessary , ” cried the queen ;	52.63185119628906
“ but how am i to act ? ’ artagnan , with a company of musketeers , placed himself at the gates of notre dame to secure the service of the church . said <unk> ‘ good , good ! vengeance , and how desire <unk> a man ! lamp he saw a woman , wrapped in a dark mantle , seated upon a stool near a dying fire . he is dead ? ” what you want , ” replied athos . a moment with the sad and gentle smile of a man superior to his fellows . he murmured in a low voice , as he concluded his sentence . d ’ artagnan had suggested , and when he returned he found the king already seated	55.62994384765625
at his little table , where parry waited on him , harrison and his officers sitting together at another table , and , in a corner , places reserved for himself and his companions . an exclamation of joy . <unk> <unk> , ” said morcerf ; “ did he not make a million in spaniards this last year ? ” almost <unk> form , which looks as though it had been thrust up by <unk> force from the depth to the surface of the ocean . d ’ artagnan , “ it will be a double amusing affair to save the queen with the cardinal ’ s money ! ” he ; “ and the ridicule will fall on me . ’ s name ? ” asked	68.9891128540039
the commissary . precisely , the count arrived before the house at auteuil , followed by ali . until six in the morning come in by the window . ” in triumph like monsieur broussel and athos would proclaim me the french brutus . do you have such ideas ? ’ cried caderousse ; ‘ or , if you have them , why don ’ t you keep them to yourself ? ’ , the broad shoulders and the steady eye of porthos . cavalier , ’ said the priest , ‘ if you will be content with the remains of my supper and with half my chamber . ’ sir , ” said planchet , overwhelmed with joy ; “ if i were still capable of serving	77.30784606933594
you . ” ” said porthos , “ we shall remember that ; but see , there is a postscript from aramis . ” ones , ” returned monte cristo . sound was heard , and instead of one figure , as he had expected , he perceived that two were approaching him . albert , “ seeing that without my title i should be nothing ; while you , sacrificing the baron , would still remain the millionaire . ” ‘ down with mazarin ! ’ ‘ death to the cardinal ! ’ ‘ the italian to the gallows ! ’ isn ’ t that what you would have me shout ? ” cardinal , ” said aramis , “ would it not have been a pity	68.80005645751953
to have separated men who love each other as we love ? wish to see anybody but you . ” that all ? ” replied buckingham , impatiently . wet ; yet i fancy , as thou <unk> , that i see something . ” villefort , looking at his father with astonishment , “ you really do seem very well informed . ” the king , “ nothing . with spartan economy , and we each require fifteen hundred livres . ” , that the examination shall take place as soon as possible , and i will furnish the house with all necessary information . ” i have reached the goal , and i will go no farther . count with an indescribable expression of anxiety .	71.40196228027344
see my friends ? ” and preparing to march . ” guardsman whom aramis had killed , seized his rapier , and returned toward d ’ artagnan ; but on his way he met athos , who during his relief which d ’ artagnan had procured him had recovered his breath , and who , for fear that d ’ artagnan would kill his enemy , wished to resume the fight . and announced it in a loud voice to his men , which raised their spirits and completely <unk> their enemies , so that every man thought only of his own safety and tried to gain the trenches , where the coadjutor was trying to reform his <unk> regiment . , whose petty persecutions he now perceived	100.68724060058594
were only a blind , increased , and he conceived the highest opinion of his intellect and resolved to trust entirely to his guidance . extinguished the lamp , and went , as felton had desired her , to lie down on the bed . the <unk> boy is leading . ” , ” said athos , smiling ; “ and we shall not be made <unk> of the order this time . ” , indeed i will , my dear porthos . ” right , monsieur , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but you know athos , porthos , and aramis , and you know if i can dispose of them . ” have your five hundred francs , ” said andrea ; “ but	39.908992767333984
it is very hard for me , my poor <unk> take <unk> ” heaven , ” cried dantès , “ speak again , though the sound of your voice terrifies me . he had <unk> by the bed of heather that was there ; but it was in vain that he carried his torch all round the exterior surface of the grotto . wife as my father found . ” get killed where we are told to go . , it shall be kept for him . you have been listening to . ” is coming toward us , ” said chatillon . ” replied the priest ; “ go on . ” s will that they should be accomplished . danglars , becoming very pale , how	61.19363784790039
you are running on ! ” that table , and you may remain between it and me . ” citizens and common people , some playing , some drinking , some talking . she is a queen , or at least a princess . that it is the letter <unk> which m. noirtier wants , ” said the notary . are the friends of these gentlemen . ” . she turning back to gaze at the poor paralytic man with interest , he looking after her with eyes of love . her husband ’ s absence to push open the door of her daughter ’ s study , and m. andrea , who was sitting before the piano with mademoiselle eugénie , started up like a <unk> .	76.67010498046875
, and this visit only increased the belief in his insanity . continued athos , “ you , who but lately were so anxious for such an opportunity for expressing your gratitude to monseigneur , here it is ; avail yourself of it . ” during which his prayers were frequent , if not heartfelt . pursued her a long time . ” leagues , serious , silent , and almost without speaking . doubtless aware that i accompanied you to the meeting this morning . ” ” ’ s movement , heard the sound of the click , and stopped at once . , a part he was playing ? ” added he , “ could attest the fact ” ; and he named several distinguished gentlemen	108.77530670166016
, and among them was m. le duc de la trémouille . affairs , made a pretty end to the month . ” i don ’ t like to leave things half finished . ” name of an estate , or , rather , of a rock , and not a family name . ” at the corner of the rue du <unk> , and if you are so long absent as to make me uneasy , i will hasten to rejoin you , and woe to him of whom you shall have cause to complain to me ! ” caderousse ; “ well that ’ s a good one ! they did not lay siege to the hôtel of the duc de la trémouille , and that	53.174129486083984
they did not endeavor to burn it ? —which would not , perhaps , have been a great misfortune in time of war , seeing that it is nothing but a nest of huguenots , but which is , in time of peace , a frightful example . more to do here ? ” go at once to the queen . ” pleased to have , instead of this terrace of twenty feet , an enclosure of two acres ? ” is more pressing first , and then we will attend to my wound ; besides , it does not seem very dangerous . ” , for felton was now her only <unk> only means of safety . replied the messenger , “ i wish to speak to	85.06000518798828
your eminence in secret . is too late , ” said danglars , “ i have honored their bills . ” misfortune occur ? ” inquired the latter , resuming the interrupted conversation . . ” will against <unk> your <unk> favor of the poor , in fact ; m. noirtier is spared , because nothing is expected from him . wanting . ” ” said the stranger , “ he has neither fled nor is in prison ? ” true parisian , considered the cemetery of père-lachaise alone worthy of receiving the mortal remains of a parisian family ; there alone the corpses belonging to him would be surrounded by worthy associates . said , taking up his hat , which he placed on the red handkerchief	103.76314544677734
tied round his head , “ we will soon find out . ” remember him . ” myself a few leagues hence until my brother can rejoin me . allow his guard to be broken . beauchamp , “ looked at this woman with surprise and terror . has another name besides monte cristo ? ” you my sincere congratulations , ” replied madame de villefort . ? ” , who ever since our departure from france , has caused me to wait patiently for this happy day , while talking to me of you . ” , ” said his father . ! ” poets that such things happen , ” said athos , gravely . of writing the letter ? ” by the presence of that	58.57375717163086
excellent prince , who was so good-natured , who invented so droll tricks against monsieur de chavigny and so fine jokes against mazarin , made for la ramee the approaching pentecost one of the four great <unk> of the year . , ” said the prisoner ; “ you know that we who are true christians are forbidden to lie . ” des <unk> , close to la force . the countess , smiling , “ i see my vampire is only some millionaire , who has taken the appearance of lara in order to avoid being confounded with m. de rothschild ; and you have seen her ? ” in these terms : newcastle struck one the sleeper awoke , and with all the gestures of a	110.6654281616211
man <unk> himself out of deep sleep he looked attentively about him ; perceiving that he was alone he rose and making a little circuit passed close to the cavalier who was speaking to the sentinel . heaven <unk> virtue , sir , ” added caderousse . replied the count , as , taking out his tablets , he wrote down “ no . by the faith of de tréville . ” in thought ; then , as they were only a day ’ s journey from surgères , whither the cardinal was to come to meet the king , he resolved to follow the advice of athos and go with them . were no sentinel ! ” anne ; “ but that idea , if at last	85.97046661376953
i have it—— ” athos , “ that only makes four ; and we are <unk> for one . d ’ artagnan . mazarin , “ your majesty <unk> me with flattering distinction . ” that such a great princess became a slave ? ” said to the lieutenant . ” said the host , “ he fainted quite away . ” gate , and , as on the preceding evening , went up to her chamber . of your <unk> ; and i foresee plainly that if we don ’ t kill each other , i shall hereafter have much pleasure in your conversation . <unk> , and success doubled her forces . that the bandits of corsica are not rogues or thieves , but purely and	71.3321304321289
simply fugitives , driven by some sinister motive from their native town or village , and that their fellowship involves no disgrace or <unk> ; for my own part , i protest that , should i ever go to corsica , my first visit , ere even i presented myself to the mayor or prefect , should be to the bandits of <unk> , if i could only manage to find them ; for , on my conscience , they are a race of men i admire greatly . ” , madame , since i saw you for the first time , and during those three years i have loved you thus . and the proof is that there were five of the cardinal ’ s guardsmen against	106.1654281616211
my three musketeers and monsieur d ’ artagnan . ” apartment the baroness met mademoiselle cornélie , her confidential maid . ” me sadly , you know . ” course , dispose of it in some way or other ? ” chance , been in the bastile ? ” . astonishment . ” send you this jewel ? ” that avowal now and then , i can endure anything . ” ” said the musketeers . porthos , “ but there are the equipments . ” , ” he said , “ and remove the pistols which are in the holsters . he , “ what does that mean ? ” in the letter ? ” at once ? ” send some one to pick them up ,	50.41130065917969
but the duke remarked that it would be losing time ; and going near the rampart himself and looking over , he saw a man working in one of the numerous little gardens cleared out by the peasants on the opposite side of the moat . i conceal anything from you ? ” as they approached . wager which could not have been foreseen , and of which i defy anyone to divine the true cause . to what fate decrees for you without even attempting to contend with it ? ” said morrel sorrowfully . ; we parted at <unk> ” and , to give more weight to his <unk> , caderousse advanced another step towards the abbé , who remained motionless in his place , as	147.66151428222656
calm as ever , and pursuing his interrogation . at this moment be a dead fish in the nets at saint cloud , for it was a question of nothing less than throwing me into the river . instant perceived a large lantern carried on a <unk> appear on the deck , <unk> the forms of shadows behind it . the king comes of age he will issue his commands himself , and ’ tis far pleasanter to obey the grandson of henry iv . count . ” to half empty the _carafe_ , in order that my suspicions might not be noticed . say , dear d ’ artagnan , that it is the queen who has made choice of the convent for her ? ” as	109.02294158935547
i am personally concerned . ” certainties ; he is the best servant over whom one has the power of life and death . ” it abandoned to extreme want , bordering on famine ; agitated by fear , torn by faction . be alone . ” than that , ” said porthos ; “ but what does not change , or changes for the better , is wine . disappointed in his expectation . four guards and a police officer , who accompanied it , mounted into the heavy machine and closed the shutters ; then through an opening cautiously made , the <unk> began to watch the length of the rue cocatrix , as if he was waiting for some one . know that directly i	115.31063079833984
have seen m. de villefort , whom i shall endeavor to interest in edmond ’ s favor . know upon what occasion ? ” m sure , ” said morcerf , “ this is indeed news ! . at whatever price . ” me ? ” said the baroness , half jesting , half in earnest . she , “ he has well played his part . ” ” dying man that he must be patient . on the scene . papers . and what do you want ? ” cried she . ” of monte cristo ’ s attention , for he made three rapid steps in the chamber , and stopped suddenly before it . me , ” replied de winter , “ after telling me	41.7971305847168
all . ” said aramis , “ the black points and the red points are visibly enlarging . villefort , inexpressibly delighted to think that the inquiries were to be made by him alone , — “ oh , be satisfied , i can understand my <unk> ” while uttering these words with this expression of joy , his teeth clashed together violently . was ready , but the president told him it was impossible for him to use it , since it was useless to <unk> the master if the coachman knew through what streets he went . saying that for some time past his son had lived independently of him , that he had his own horses and carriages , and that not having come together	128.43450927734375
, it would not be difficult for them to leave separately . , ” said she , “ why are you writing thus at such an hour ? with a joy that was not unmixed with fear ; he would have preferred an obstinate resistance on the part of the cardinal to this sudden yielding . months he had learned to read . ? power of this woman with eyes of flame in reading the hearts of those whose secrets she wished to divine , she met this time with a countenance of such <unk> that no discovery followed her investigation . artagnan perceived that the best way in which he could act would be to go home and write milady a long letter , in which he	98.45791625976562
would confess to her that he and de wardes were , up to the present moment absolutely the same , and that consequently he could not undertake , without committing suicide , to kill the comte de wardes . him if he had anything to add to the fine discourse he had just made to her . . ” said monte cristo , “ is your opinion of your intended <unk> ? ” for four musketeers to allow an unfortunate fellow who cried for help to be arrested in their midst ! and had also picked up a little of the romaic dialect during voyages to the east ; and by the aid of these two languages he easily comprehended the construction of all the others , so	110.9637680053711
that at the end of six months he began to speak spanish , english , and german . good action , and my heart will be lighter . ” , ” replied d ’ artagnan . cried the jesuit , “ for that thesis touches closely upon <unk> . . ” ! devotion , that of his love was to come . and return to their own country , there to hide their shame , if its hills are high enough ; i have nothing more to do with them nor they with me . mazarin , taking from his portfolio the letter which he had already shown d ’ artagnan , “ take this dispatch and carry it to england . ” make your fortune in three	63.83222198486328
or four years . ” on ceremony because you are less attached to me than you were ? ” not the judge , but the executioner . albert pass and <unk> , holding an enormous bouquet , which he doubtless meant to make the bearer of his amorous epistle . been two or three days in paris , but he already knows what a fashionable woman of the <unk> is , and if he does not , you will show him . ” artagnan drew kitty quietly away , and slipped into the chamber . , vanity ! ” tell you a secret . ” , having got up too close , stepped back to prepare a fourth thrust , but the moment when , after a fine	72.16292572021484
, quick feint , he was attacking as sharply as lightning , the wall seemed to give way , mordaunt disappeared through the opening , and d ’ artagnan ’ s blade , caught between the panels , shivered like a sword of glass . a speedy , violent death would be a fine means of deceiving these <unk> enemies , who appeared to pursue him with such incomprehensible vengeance . a match in the tennis court , ” exclaimed la ramee . said athos , “ this is what i expected from such hearts as yours . victory . ” you are not mistaken , monsieur ? ” said he , in the most natural tone in the world . these two fish ; one brought from	86.42171478271484
fifty leagues beyond st. petersburg , the other five leagues from naples . ” said caderousse , “ eat of my bread , and take my advice ; you will be none the worse off , physically or morally . ” it , ” said athos ; “ don ’ t you see that raoul is in love ? ” i speak of the prop of the state , of my only servant , of my only <unk> the cardinal . ” covered with <unk> was placed in one corner . placed bazin in the cart with his comrades , and they set forward to join porthos . who now shook his head in his turn . ” he mentally ejaculated ; but his lips uttered no sound	78.13946533203125
, and as though all his strength were centred in that internal emotion , he sighed and closed his eyes . salon . style of <unk> ” ; and my happiness at your escape from the danger that threatened you is redoubled by the consciousness that i have been the unwilling and the <unk> cause of all the peril you have incurred . was , ” said he , “ not to tear my heart out on the day when i resolved to avenge myself ! ” in the neighborhood , and assure yourself who are the men who come to ask for you . ” months since you have been here , and though , distracted as you must be in your important occupations , you have	77.13816833496094
forgotten to pay me my <unk> , i say , i have not tormented you a single instant , i thought you would appreciate my delicacy . ” eminence to observe , ” said milady , “ that since the affair of the diamond studs , about which the duke always suspected me , his grace distrusts me . ” but that he might get me out of this , if he were favorably inclined to me . ” looked around him . for athos , ” said d ’ artagnan to the <unk> aramis , when he had informed him of all that had passed since their departure from the capital , and an excellent dinner had made one of them forget his thesis and the other	60.61909484863281
his fatigue . round the invalid ; the second notary was sitting at a table , prepared for writing , and his colleague was standing before the testator in the act of interrogating him on the subject to which we have alluded . ’ s words . , ’ said luigi . turning his back on the guards of the city , and saluting those of the camp . child , and carlini recognized the old man . ” cried the count , seizing the young men ’ s hands ; “ look , for on my soul it is curious . pass the night with me . ” had made to rome , he had solicited and obtained the same favor ; and <unk> as much by	65.92150115966797
a religious feeling as by gratitude , he was unwilling to quit the capital of the christian world without laying his respectful homage at the feet of one of st. peter ’ s successors who has set the rare example of all the virtues . he , addressing planchet , “ you have eight days to get an interview with lord de winter ; you have eight days to <unk> all sixteen days . thought he saw the general make an attempt to remove the handkerchief , and reminded him of his oath . the blow and discharged a terrible look at d ’ artagnan , who responded by the most amiable expression that ever <unk> a human countenance . they exclaimed , as all rose in <unk>	103.88101959228516
. that eleven crowns was just the sum that remained in d ’ artagnan ’ s purse . why do you object to my doing so ? ” send you your clothes by the boy . the pale of the protection of the law , preparations on both sides were <unk> the queen , to attack paris , by the citizens , to defend it . horses , drove to the chamber , and inscribed his name to speak against the <unk> . ” i might advise , your majesty will interrogate the person of whom i spoke to you , and i will urge your majesty to do him this honor . ” had been shot , and fell on a chair near the door . mistress	66.11579895019531
? ” other politely , for if no friendship existed between them , there was at least esteem . is dead , ” said athos , “ he has not been so long , for he is still warm . building , on the contrary , he saw one of the three windows open . , and was about to pledge myself by any promise he would dictate , but he stopped me . walls of paris , and to leave paris is like losing her a second time . ” with the omelet of crevecoeur ? ” of the eagle is closed forever . sweet voice of renée had sounded in his ears pleading for mercy , or the fair mercédès had entered and said , “	94.85320281982422
in the name of god , i conjure you to restore me my affianced husband , ” his cold and trembling hands would have signed his release ; but no voice broke the stillness of the chamber , and the door was opened only by villefort ’ s valet , who came to tell him that the travelling carriage was in readiness . now , and rich ? ” . the count to him at length , “ do you repent having followed me ? ” , then , be ready here at the hôtel , i will come and take you . ” <unk> , walked behind this man , whose presence comforted louise . , before i became a confectioner i myself was three years sergeant	98.06513214111328
in the <unk> regiment , and before i became sergeant i was for eighteen months the servant of monsieur d ’ artagnan . ” saved ! ” cried she . your best friend , dantès , for he is my friend , my cousin , my brother ; it is fernand—the man whom , after you , edmond , i love the best in the world . mazarin ? ” pleasure , so i took a cabriolet and drove to the horse dealer ’ s . , ” said he , “ <unk> ” then he turned to the officer . happened to them ? ” the contrary , that their punishment , which had been decreed by providence , is only delayed by my present determination ,	59.75539779663086
and although they escape it in this world , it awaits them in another , and that they are only exchanging time for eternity . ” . a moment without betraying the slightest emotion ; while , on the contrary , teresa , shuddering in every limb , dared not approach the slain <unk> but by degrees , and threw a hesitating glance at the dead body over the shoulder of her lover . are in search of some conspiracy or other . drawn , like that of a man who had just undergone some inward struggle . , again smiling with the disagreeable expression he had before assumed , “ you must pay for it—you understand ? ” the strange custom of the times , considered himself	129.23751831054688
at paris as on a campaign , neither more nor less than if he had been in <unk> yonder , woman here . said d ’ artagnan , with his wise smile . politics only with soldiers and jailers , and you have not an idea , my lord , how little is known of what is going on by people of that sort ; i am of monsieur de bassompierre ’ s party . minutes past eight , ” said he to morrel ; “ there is not much time lost yet . ” ” he at length answered , “ that i wish to speak to her , and i beg she will wait for me in her own room . ” the door , flew	66.75102996826172
down the back staircase , and almost knocked down madame de villefort , in his haste , who was herself going down to the kitchen . cardinal mazarin , ” presenting a letter . , the father embraced her first , and then the lover ; afterwards , one taking the head , the other the feet , they placed her in the grave . , who was now immensely rich , and had <unk> under great obligations to morrel in former days , since to him it was owing that danglars entered the service of the spanish banker , with whom he had laid the foundations of his vast wealth . her , skillfully detached the two great black feet , which she placed upon her husband	117.47217559814453
’ s plate , cut off the neck , which with the head she put on one side for herself , raised the wing for porthos , and then returned the bird otherwise intact to the servant who had brought it in , who disappeared with it before the musketeer had time to examine the variations which disappointment produces upon faces , according to the characters and temperaments of those who experience it . ” said the queen , who clung to this last hope as a <unk> man clings to the <unk> of his vessel . was required of her , threw over them her weeds , encircled them with coral , and encrusted them with shells ; the whole was cemented by two hundred years beneath	153.1537322998047
these almost <unk> depths , for a revolution carried away the emperor who wished to make the trial , and only left the documents proving the manufacture of the jars and their descent into the sea . monte cristo ; “ he does not wish you to know that it comes from him . ” , you sir , who are hiding yourself behind that <unk> , you , sir , tell me what you are laughing at , and we will laugh together ! ” my pretensions , ” said aramis . this order given ? ” asked the king . a noble heart , ” said the count ; “ so much the better . ” the field . judge by the light of the sun	54.4433479309082
, the day was already two-thirds gone . like two brothers , and each wrapping himself in his cloak they soon passed into that kindly sleep of youth which is the <unk> of birds , flowers and infants . magnificent autumn days which make amends for a short summer ; the clouds which m. de villefort had perceived at <unk> had all disappeared as if by magic , and one of the softest and most brilliant days of september shone forth in all its splendor . unperceived , supported himself against the other side . ” said lord winter . ? ” asked rochefort . you are paid for it ? ” said athos , and he threw two pistoles majestically on the table . ” said château-renaud	131.62936401367188
, “ i would rather end my career like m. de morcerf ; a pistol-shot seems quite delightful compared with this catastrophe . ” for once he found his master . ” drove to the parliament house , where , upon the throne , he hastily confirmed not only such edicts as he had already passed , but issued new ones , each one , according to cardinal de retz , more ruinous than the <unk> proceeding which drew forth a strong <unk> from the chief president , <unk> president blancmesnil and councillor broussel raised their voices in indignation against fresh taxes . on in the calmness of the night . , ” cried d ’ artagnan , springing to his sword , “ this time he will	167.54461669921875
not escape me ! ” said aramis ; and with the terrible coolness which on important occasions he showed , he took one of the muskets from tony , <unk> and aimed it at the young man , who stood , like the accusing angel , upon the rock . i think what they say is very well said , and quite worthy of two gentlemen . ” off the two diamond studs from the shoulder of the duke of buckingham ; it was you who had madame bonacieux carried off ; it was you who , in love with de wardes and thinking to pass the night with him , opened the door to monsieur d ’ artagnan ; it was you who , believing that de	79.80770874023438
wardes had deceived you , wished to have him killed by his rival ; it was you who , when this rival had discovered your infamous secret , wished to have him killed in his turn by two assassins , whom you sent in pursuit of him ; it was you who , finding the balls had missed their mark , sent poisoned wine with a forged letter , to make your victim believe that the wine came from his friends . , ” said aramis . i shall not have time today . ” seen aramis ? ” said athos , turning on d ’ artagnan a searching look . she leaned upon the elbow of the arm that held the narghile , and extending to him	100.56378173828125
her other hand , said , with a smile of captivating sweetness , in the sonorous language spoken by the women of athens and <unk> : her complexion might therefore deceive a person who saw her for the first time . , my father summoned me and my mother to the terrace of the palace ; these were hours of recreation for me , as i never saw anything in the dismal cavern but the gloomy countenances of the slaves and selim ’ s fiery lance . the prisoner , as is more than probable , to have served under <unk> , can you expect for an instant , that one accustomed , at the word of his commander , to rush fearlessly on the very bayonets of	144.1858673095703
his foe , will scruple more to drive a stiletto into the heart of one he knows to be his personal enemy , than to <unk> his fellow-creatures , merely because bidden to do so by one he is bound to obey ? story was set apart for maximilian ; it was precisely similar to his sister ’ s apartments , except that for the <unk> he had a billiard-room , where he received his friends . how it is , ” answered albert , “ it comes to the same thing in the end . ruin , fool , i should drag you to the first <unk> ; besides , when that note is delivered , in all probability you will have no more to fear .	102.74211883544922
” continued the inspector of prisons . the trouble , my lord , ” said d ’ artagnan , with his right foot forward , his beaver in his hand , a smile on his face , “ we have followed your eminence step by step and here we are . ” all that i wanted , and i will be guided by a <unk> such as you are , ” said he , extending his hand to monte cristo . said d ’ artagnan , to <unk> the hope which athos ’ s tacit <unk> had imparted to mazarin , “ we shall not proceed to that violence save in the last extremity . ” was mistaken . candid than you . ” ’ ” age ,	42.05237579345703
seemed to have the former one under her charge , and was cold , dry and <unk> true type of a <unk> or a <unk> . with a notary ? ” again repeated villefort . millions . ” of this frightful creature still live ? ” said aramis . milady ? ” cried athos , with a voice in which it was easy to detect strong emotion . drew near . all his actions , all his words , from the simplest glance of his eyes to his <unk> to a breath that could be interpreted as a sigh . . ” man is he ? ” natural for an eastern woman would , in a european , have been deemed too full of coquettish straining after effect	111.58541107177734
. he , leaning heavily on the arm of monte cristo , — “ here is the spot where my father stopped , when the _pharaon_ entered the port ; it was here that the good old man , whom you saved from death and dishonor , threw himself into my arms . , porthos and aramis . whom you told me one day at amiens . ” and decided , ” answered he . man on board , and i am as sure of him as i am of myself . and a cold sweat broke out upon his brow . , which will last three hours at least . ” said planchet , “ i seem to smell , from this place , even , a	53.38065719604492
most <unk> perfume of fine roast meat , and to see the <unk> in a row by the hedge , hailing our approach . commercial men was that , under the reverses which had successively weighed down morrel , it was impossible for him to remain solvent . his brow , drew several sighs from him , and caused him to <unk> to himself a few vows of vengeance . i not owe you , aramis ? ” said d ’ artagnan . since their arrival in england by the extraordinary men with whom he had the honor to be associated , this seemed without question to be the most wonderful . an honest man . ” of herself , but when she looked at the agitated countenance	107.02335357666016
of the young man , she understood by his silence and trembling voice that something strange was passing within him . , examined these treasures , edmond rushed through the caverns like a man seized with frenzy ; he leaped on a rock , from whence he could behold the sea . quickly or more <unk> a journey than a thought which <unk> in itself all the faculties of the organization of him who thinks . with terror , and only answered the few words of the musketeer by pointing . , it is wrong thus to neglect your friends , particularly at the moment you are about to leave them for so long a time . the postscript ? ” you know well. ” but the honest	127.12398529052734
servant could say no more , so much was he overcome by this unexpected interview . love you ? ” said monte cristo , taking the young man ’ s hand affectionately in his . eminence has been making fresh complaints against your musketeers , and that with so much emotion , that this evening his eminence is indisposed ? and ordered him to open it . street they met the count ’ s steward , who was awaiting his master . m. de villefort ’ s promise ; and , besides , death in a boat from the hand of a gendarme seemed too terrible . revolutionary <unk> exhaust itself and die away with the old trunk , and condescend only to regard the young shoot which	93.48088073730469
has started up at a distance from the parent tree , without having the power , any more than the wish , to separate entirely from the stock from which it sprung . ” demanded all his three friends . ” arise , vicomte , embrace me . ” us come to terms ; i ask nothing better . ” aramis , raising his pistol as he passed by him ; but the powder flashed in the pan and it did not go off . when he learned of the old man ’ s death he returned . ” then ringing the bell once , “ look. ” said he to ali , who came immediately , “ take that to my <unk> . we are never seen	91.43155670166016
one without the others , and that we are called among the musketeers and the guards , at court and in the city , athos , porthos , and aramis , or the three inseparables ? subterranean passage , leading under the street to a grotto in the garden of a house about a hundred yards from that of the future protector . intercepted your confidence , and yet i know all that as well as you , and i have no conscientious scruples . there is a god , ” howled caderousse ; “ you do not believe it ; you <unk> lie ! ” him , ” thought edmond , and taking the paper , of which half was wanting , —having been burnt , no	76.70269012451172
doubt , by some accident , —he read : man of short stature and intelligent eyes , but covered with rags . chimney from which no smoke issued , and having reached it , he disappeared through the orifice without being seen by anyone . ’ artagnan , you are the man i have been seeking . ’ s paper , ” cried beauchamp . hours which he counted off by minutes ! astonished , and mazarin approached the queen to speak to her , but at this moment a frightful tumult arose from the square of the palais royal . ” said planchet , on perceiving d ’ artagnan , “ how glad i am to see you . ” work ; and as they were loading	80.05224609375
the last musket grimaud announced that the breakfast was ready . you look like , all together , as you are armed and guarded by your lackeys ? ” said the cardinal . had preserved all his usual coolness , made a sign to him to do so . velvet , trimmed with silk of the same color . the hall ; the sergeant called his two <unk> with an energetic “ hem ! ” and the door-keeper appearing , called out with that shrill voice peculiar to his order , ever since the days of beaumarchais : ” said he . ; mme . sapphire . see the face , never again to hear the voice of the only human being who united him to earth !	126.42987823486328
whom i had the honor to receive under my poor roof . inquired the elder dantès . ’ s musketeers ? ” said the voice ; “ you are monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ” very well that the general was not a man to drown himself in despair , and people do not bathe in the seine in the month of january . the château . ” repeated morrel . prevent my building myself a little hut on my <unk> , and residing not twenty yards from you . have not this little staircase , ” said monte cristo , opening a door concealed by the drapery . ” said villefort with marked uneasiness , “ do not disturb yourself . ” he had made to valentine	50.24968719482422
, and kept his secret . ? d ’ artagnan , quite confused , “ i <unk> ” ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ we must finish with this , ” and in his turn he pressed mordaunt hard , who continued to lose ground , but evidently on purpose and without letting his sword leave the line for a moment . asked villefort . are arrested by the guards of the cardinal , are they ? ” continued m. de tréville , as furious at heart as his soldiers , but <unk> his words and plunging them , one by one , so to say , like so many blows of a stiletto , into the <unk> of his auditors . the porter , “ he	68.39295196533203
would not take them . ” made two steps , and sank upon her knees . they fled together into <unk> , and there he obtained a little curacy . your friend , god began not to strike , but to warn you . months after , came to claim it with the other half of the napkin . you . ” , my lord , he no doubt dreams that he is one already . ” in contact with them , speak to them , and they reply to you . ” , handsome , young , and bold ; he spoke of love like a man who did love and was anxious to be loved in return . of athos , those flashes of greatness which	77.1546859741211
from time to time broke out from the shade in which he voluntarily kept himself , that unalterable equality of temper which made him the most pleasant companion in the world , that forced and <unk> gaiety , that bravery which might have been termed blind if it had not been the result of the rarest <unk> qualities attracted more than the esteem , more than the friendship of d ’ artagnan ; they attracted his admiration . what time you require , dantès . one report , but four men fell . i did not die . bazin , “ i have been taught by the good jesuit fathers that it is permitted to tell a falsehood when it is told in a good cause . ”	129.88478088378906
to him and killed him . villefort , ” resumed the king , addressing the young man , who , motionless and breathless , was listening to a conversation on which depended the destiny of a kingdom . ” said planchet , humiliated by the suspicion , and moreover , terrified at the calm air of the musketeer . it ; he even came to force m. danglars . she should see morrel appear , pale and trembling , to forbid the signing of the contract , like the <unk> of <unk> in _the bride of lammermoor_ . derive the title of count ? ” enthusiastic . ” negligence and severely scolded . ’ s sit down to table and take something to strengthen us for the night	95.49272918701172
. ” well acquainted with the business of the house , not to feel that a great catastrophe hung over the morrel family . the angle of which was the pavilion , ran along one side of this lane , and on the other was a little garden connected with a poor cottage which was protected by a hedge from passers-by . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ since you do not know where your master lives , let us speak of it no more ; let us part good friends . ” cried caderousse , almost breathless with eager admiration , “ you say , is worth fifty thousand francs ? ” he , “ i will read to the bottom of your soul whenever you	61.67802810668945
like ; don ’ t let that disturb you. ” and he gave her a kiss at which the poor girl became as red as a cherry . his two pistols , what a terrible noise he made with his sword ! will <unk> , with god come our desire ; and if betrays that hope , to death we can aspire . ” not prevented your sending for me to play me some trick . ” galloped up to encounter the royal troops , who were entering , <unk> , the <unk> with the fugitives . you talking of ? ” each other , shook hands , and saluted his eminence . me despise their riches , which seem to me contemptible . manner ? ” cried	125.6170654296875
athos . de buckingham is in france , ” replied aramis , with a significant smile which gave to this sentence , apparently so simple , a tolerably scandalous meaning . twenty paces , then stopped , putting the bier down on the ground . fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing project gutenberg™ electronic works provided that : dantès , “ the various circumstances mentioned in the letter were wholly unknown to him . ” nothing ? ” i know i have kept you waiting , but you saw the cause of my delay . ” woman had made an appointment with him before the pavilion , and not in the pavilion ; that she might have been detained in paris by her duties	76.32637786865234
, or perhaps by the jealousy of her husband . dying , my lord ? ” said she . a dim light reached dantès ’ eyes through the coarse sack that covered him ; he saw two shadows approach his bed , a third remaining at the door with a torch in its hand . ” morcerf . ” a moment in silence , then , with that profound melancholy shakespeare describes so well : you about the palais royal ? ” , ” replied the count ; “ did you not say something of an infant ? ” my dear m. caderousse , ” said monte cristo ; “ what are you doing here , at such an hour ? ” that it made them forsake their	62.76116943359375
cards and their dice on the <unk> . o ’ clock ; but edmond ’ s anxiety had put all thoughts of time out of his head . duke ’ s disappointment , drew from his pocket a purse filled with gold and handed it to him . , m. franz , ” cried albert , “ you deserve to be called out for such a <unk> and incredulous glance as that you were pleased to bestow on me just now . ” increased greatly his esteem and friendship for monsieur de tréville . , what crime have i committed ? ” around me . his head . do you want with me ? ” of them yourself to anyone ? ” which made him so formidable ,	63.03647232055664
he rushed toward the chief of the <unk> , a man who , with a huge sword in his hand , was trying to <unk> a passage to the coach door through the musketeers . sure that it was your misfortune he <unk> ? ” their seats towards a small table , on which were arranged music , drawings , and vases of flowers . , sir , ” replied danglars : “ if such had been the case , i only should have been to blame , inasmuch as i was aware of all these things when i made the engagement . a few years previously , well acquainted with the interior of morrel ’ s warehouse , and had returned at this date , would have	79.26056671142578
found a great change . the yacht to the dwelling of a jew ; retired with the latter for a few minutes to a small back parlor , and upon their return the jew counted out to the shipbuilder the sum of sixty thousand francs in bright gold pieces . ? <unk> ? , ” said athos , “ you must leave us . ” this the apartment of an honest mother ? ring , after it has passed through the hands of that infamous creature ? , ” whispered d ’ artagnan . faithful account of the sum to your lordship , ” said planchet , putting the bag under his arm . , drew his sword . are the servants ’ rooms , with bells corresponding	99.3727035522461
with the different apartments . ” what circumstances ? ” from her own admission knew milady culpable of treachery in matters more important , and could entertain no respect for her . to him . ” to ask me ? ” said vampa with a smile . de guiche to his tutor , “ we will precede you , and you can rejoin us on the road to cambrin . ” , at present , but quitting paris , as i told you , as soon as possible . queen of england , who has desired me to present you to her . ” of the sword , milady endeavored to get near enough to him to stab him , and did not stop till she felt the	71.53077697753906
sharp point at her throat . for the bands ; my cassock is fastened by one button only , and i am always ready to become a musketeer once more . are in a constant state of change . not been given to me , but it had been forgotten and left at my house by one of my friends . trademark , and may not be used if you charge for an ebook , except by following the terms of the trademark license , including paying royalties for use of the project gutenberg trademark . ’ s horse stumbled and fell on his knees ; then a rattling in his throat was heard and he lay down to die . his life some strange secret that no	103.77818298339844
one knows . ” and see , ” added the lackey , raising the <unk> entrance of the tent . his lieutenant had just arrested some prince in disguise , bowed , and drawing his sword , signified that he was ready . the cardinal , “ you are to come with me , or rather , i am to go with you . ” taken the measure of motives hitherto unknown to herself , through this experiment , made upon the most rebellious subject that nature and religion could submit to her study . . taking his handkerchief steeped it in the blood of the <unk> king . me and i wept for joy . ” whom we believe we have sufficiently explained the <unk> character which	78.69879150390625
, like that of his companions , we shall be able to follow in its <unk> lackey was called bazin . , as he said to those around him , that he had put on his cloak ; and while he spoke with a lofty air and twisted his mustache disdainfully , all admired his embroidered baldric , and d ’ artagnan more than anyone . give up broussel , sir ? would you have me retire on twelve hundred francs ? ” evening . ” me ! ” said milady to herself , at the height of joy at having obtained so quickly such a great result . . in the evening , the boatman had taken over a young woman , wrapped in a black mantle	86.07772827148438
, who appeared to be very anxious not to be recognized ; but entirely on account of her precautions , the boatman had paid more attention to her and discovered that she was young and pretty . produce an effect on morrel , he was not <unk> started as if he had been electrified . , i give you a thousand times to guess , monsieur , the visit i received in your absence . ” of <unk> these hours were <unk> extinguished as to the whole of the luminous portion of him , and his brilliant side disappeared as into profound darkness . corner of the carriage , began to examine with a feverish anxiety every house they passed . approached the count , and presented the	108.1666259765625
letter . . ” give it away or re-use it under the terms of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org . the little bell sounded . ’ time , ” said albert , “ you will be at my house ? ” dress was more distinctly visible by the bright rays of the moon , which , entering through the broken ceiling , shed their <unk> beams on feet <unk> in elegantly made boots of polished leather , over which descended <unk> cut trousers of black cloth . and a kind of majestic tremor ran from man to man . were looking the other way . ” leave you here ? alive he would tell you a certain story of the bastion	138.31787109375
saint gervais , which we four , with our four lackeys and twelve dead men , held out against a whole army . ” distinguished , this creature so beautiful , this essence so fine , was seen to turn insensibly toward material life , as old men turn toward physical and moral <unk> . d ’ artagnan , “ now i think of it—what is to prevent our beginning to-night ? ” such a case rely on the kindness of signor torlonia . , ” said the duke to those present , who dared not even smile , “ that it is the ‘ illustrious coxcomb ’ who is the greatest thief in the world ; at least , according to pistache . ” said vasiliki ,	171.67295837402344
‘ may god preserve you from ever wishing for that death which today you so much dread ! ’ then , whispering to selim , she asked what were her master ’ s orders . who unharnessed the smoking horses , and put the carriage into a coach house . voice of de rochefort . might trace the blue veins from her temples , round her eyes and down her cheeks . am shut up alone here . ” , are you not , viscount ? own good fortune ! ” the mourning-coaches rolled into the paved court , and the rue du faubourg saint-honoré was filled with a crowd of idlers , equally pleased to witness the festivities or the mourning of the rich , and who	148.86720275878906
rush with the same avidity to a funeral procession as to the marriage of a duchess . aramis , parodying jussac , “ it would afford us great pleasure to obey your polite invitation if it depended upon ourselves ; but unfortunately the thing is <unk> de tréville has forbidden it . ’ inquired i , ‘ am i to maintain myself and my poor sister ? ’ breathing , panting , with a cold sweat upon her brow , and her heart oppressed by frightful agony at every movement she heard in the corridor . ” cried he . friend , if i disturb you , ” said the man with the red handkerchief , “ but i want to speak to you . ” that ’	99.07334899902344
s a charming spot for such amusements as the one i propose to you . ” an air of sadness aboard ? ” got down to defend monsieur de comminges and my horse was taken away . , ” said debray , “ but for a friend i might , perhaps . ” stay , monsieur d ’ artagnan ; your agreeable company will divert me . ” blew a whistle ; the globe of fire which lighted the room <unk> and disappeared . said , “ the count ’ s generosity is too overwhelming ; valentine will be satisfied with my humble fortune . rare organizations , endowed with an obedient intelligence like that of the dog ; with a blind valor , a quick eye ,	105.3615951538086
and a prompt hand ; to whom sight appeared only to be given to see if the king were dissatisfied with anyone , and the hand to strike this displeasing personage , whether a <unk> , a <unk> , a <unk> de <unk> , or a vitry . , ” the young girl calmly replied , “ and none but edmond shall ever be my husband . ” kind , and i am so grateful ! ” trademark , and may not be used if you charge for an ebook , except by following the terms of the trademark license , including paying royalties for use of the project gutenberg trademark . ’ artagnan ? ” he added , looking steadfastly at the queen . his <unk> ,	82.42164611816406
if we may thus <unk> cry frightful in its silence . you , your excellency ? ” cried bertuccio . he , in a subdued voice , “ and find rochefort . much , why did she ever marry herself ? ” hour for hour , ” said albert ; “ that will suit me to a <unk> . ” terror , that the uniform of the soldiers who guarded her was changed . with <unk> , <unk> according to their species ; dried lizards shone like emeralds set in great <unk> of black wood , and <unk> of wild odoriferous herbs , doubtless possessed of virtues unknown to common men , were fastened to the ceiling and hung down in the corners of the apartment . dantès	113.49974060058594
killed—i won ’ t ! ” said beauchamp , presenting the papers to albert . campaign , seek out all sorts of <unk> , in short , to our former life . ” to overtake the prisoner . that the count does not regret having once deviated from the principles he has so boldly avowed . ” , will pass away like mountain torrents ; civil war , like a forest flame ; but we—we shall remain ; i have a presentiment that we shall . ” a corner of the carriage , he continued to ponder over the singular history he had so lately listened to , and to ask himself an interminable number of questions touching its various circumstances without , however , arriving at a	188.6869659423828
satisfactory reply to any of them . impossible , seeing that you were not at home , as he could see . ” with the same words , whilst winter <unk> his leather cuirass , that he might disguise himself like the king . the sight of this document the minister would instantly release him . <unk> the hat , well displayed the form of a slender and elegant hand ; whilst his boots , similar in color to the hat and gloves , confined feet small as those of a boy twelve years old . struck in the name of the law and of justice my profession allowed me to sleep quietly , sheltered as i was by justice and law ; but since that terrible night	162.56768798828125
when i became an instrument of private vengeance and when with personal hatred i raised the sword over one of god ’ s <unk> that day—— ” , paris . ” oliver cromwell ? ” inquired porthos . while he who called himself <unk> whom we have occasionally named so , that we might , like his guest , have some title by which to distinguish <unk> some orders to the servant , franz entered still another apartment . , my god , ” cried mme . where she was going . athos , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i should like better not to risk anything . ” years old , and was of great personal beauty and intelligence of mind , no one knew	96.5338134765625
whether he had ever had a mistress . , come on saturday ? ” ” eagerly inquired the two youths . on very regularly , and we make out our bills every week , at the end of eight days we presented our account ; but it appeared we had chosen an unlucky moment , for at the first word on the subject , he sent us to all the devils . and shade , ” said monte cristo . your fatal career , if you did not do evil for the infinite and supreme joy of doing it ? would leave her mistress ’ s presence at an early hour that evening , and that when he left the mistress he would ascend with the maid .	105.58389282226562
, that there is now but one way open . must part , ” said the count , holding out a hand to each of the young men , “ allow me to wish you both a safe and pleasant journey . ” des <unk> , the curate pointed toward the square before the church . receive the defense of a great principle , my dear d ’ herblay . good sort of a prince , ’ added he , ‘ and although i like not puritans i do them justice ; and it is the same with <unk> , when they are pretty . caderousse . heart was unable to <unk> its <unk> , while , with the other he wiped the perspiration from his temples .	62.107704162597656
d ’ artagnan ; “ i fancied it was so . ” at his disposal . stammered debray ; “ what do you mean ? ” at all <unk> , in order to gain time , to put some obstacle in the way of the execution on the following <unk> day appointed by the judges . us , my mother and me , to the merchant , el-kobbir ! listen . he was undergoing the agonies preceding death . a condition to <unk> with serious revolt . he said with a sigh , “ ’ tis merely for your journey . ” chapter 16 . , and i will give it to you . ” late ; they will be gone . ” chairs were thrown splendid stuffs	64.10641479492188
, dyed beneath persia ’ s sun , or <unk> by the fingers of the women of calcutta or of <unk> . his red cloak , spread it upon the ground , laid the body in it , threw in the head , tied all up by the four corners , lifted it on his back , and entered the boat again . the habit of writing in the evening what had transpired in the morning ? he said . of it yesterday or the day before ? ” forever with you , and now i could not break my promise if i would . pistoles , ” he said ; “ and if the action goes off well you may reckon upon a similar sum to-morrow .	92.36267852783203
” said the duke , leading him into the chapel , “ look at these diamond studs , and tell me what they are worth apiece . ” trusted to anybody ; it must be done in the palace . ” ” s only a temporary postponement , ” replied aramis ; “ i shall be one someday . expenses he may have incurred , i am sure he is in a condition to pay them . ” , ” said morcerf with a gloomy smile ; “ i am not referring in the least to matrimony , and i only addressed myself to m. cavalcanti because he appeared disposed to interfere between us . and begged them to leave him and his assistant alone with the king	68.50392150878906
. man of foresight and prudence , therefore you sent your luggage on before you . is imperative . to the river was covered with snow and <unk> , the water of the river looked black and deep . returned to their “ domestic <unk> , ” as they say in the gallery of the chamber in well-turned speeches , and in the theatre of the rue richelieu in <unk> pieces ; but it was not the case with debray . madame , ” answered he , “ that my father was a girondin , but he was not among the number of those who voted for the king ’ s death ; he was an equal sufferer with yourself during the reign of terror , and had	85.36552429199219
well-nigh lost his head on the same scaffold on which your father perished . ” have signed this paper to establish the truth of the facts , lest the moment should arrive when either of the actors in this terrible scene should be accused of premeditated murder or of infringement of the laws of honor . , signor pastrini ’ s face assumed an expression impossible to describe . about to return to the palazzo bracciano without loss of time , when suddenly a luminous idea crossed his mind . at this question . , then , weigh upon your conscience ? ” , bernouin . ” grew still darker . and the absence of my protector have cast me down , certainly , but not forever .	182.89869689941406
you do not know your friends , my dear monsieur louvieres , ” said the coadjutor , raising his hat . the first of us to go ; peace be to him ! dear , do you think you can wear a star from heaven on your finger , and nobody observe it ? it ? ” asked albert . her any hope that he would <unk> ; only he represented his action as one of simple vengeance . . ” on <unk> previously prepared for their reception in the right-hand crypt belonging to the saint-méran family . ill , ” said the duke , “ and she desired me to excuse her to your majesty . ” purse into his pocket . the cardinal , “ whatever	62.48549270629883
repugnance i may have to directing my mind to such a treason , your majesty compels me to think of it . ’ artagnan ’ s rapidity in action and that he is not the man to lose an hour , knowing that we were expecting him . ” ’ soup in an iron saucepan ; this saucepan contained soup for both prisoners , for dantès had noticed that it was either quite full , or half empty , according as the turnkey gave it to him or to his companion first . francs in your pocket ; that will be fifty fowls at 100,000 francs apiece , and half a fowl for the 50,000 . ” , but albert knew that he seldom lost a scene at	120.1758041381836
the opera . his release , and all will be said , ” replied the cardinal . are about , gentlemen ! ” said a clear voice which seemed accustomed to command . the governor . ” man all the facts we have just narrated ; his story , however , had over ours all the advantage of the animation of living things over the coldness of dead things . albert , “ it was she . ” of that beloved voice seemed to have still its ancient influence , whilst that of aramis , which had become harsh and <unk> in his moments of ill-humor , irritated him . ? ” said he . check with regard to felton has not disgusted you with attempts of that	87.52932739257812
kind . ” head , bowed down by grief , looked up at her with so sad a smile that her complaints died upon her lips . ? ” said d ’ artagnan , undecided , so strongly did the confidence of athos begin to prevail , in spite of himself . the prisoner , when the door was shut , “ i am not so far advanced as i believed . magnificent hotel situated on the very spot whereon the vaudeville now stands . tréville attended the king ’ s gaming table . said athos . the vengeance of a jealous woman . she , with tones of <unk> tenderness , “ you are everywhere ! ” monte cristo took the delicate hand of the young girl	70.10948944091797
in his , and was about to raise it to his lips , when the simple child of nature hastily withdrew it , and presented her cheek . this spot may be , it is looked upon as a kind of paradise by the men whose days are numbered ; it is so rare for them to leave the lions ’ den for any other place than the barrier saint-jacques , the galleys ! would be only a question of time , a sort of race , which should arrive first . sigh woke the king , so lightly did he sleep . that certain of his guests had talked mysteriously , that letters had passed from hand to hand and that the assembly had seemed to have	137.35794067382812
a secret purpose quite apart from the literary discussion carried on with so much <unk> . , whom a glance thrown upon the coast of france has made us lose sight of for an instant . without once looking behind him . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but get in fearlessly , for i myself will drive you . ” ; you were recognized , and the cardinal named you . took a rabbit , and made it eat a leaf of the cabbage . this order ! its own particular apartment for the reception of guests ; it is a long rectangle , divided by two upright gratings placed at a distance of three feet from one another to prevent a visitor from shaking hands	145.8602294921875
with or passing anything to the prisoners . well that i must call grimaud . ” were fired . damages - except for the “ right of replacement or refund ” described in paragraph 1.f.3 , the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , the owner of the project gutenberg™ trademark , and any other party distributing a project gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement , <unk> all liability to you for damages , costs and expenses , including legal fees . , did not even give himself the trouble to shake the dice . below , i found five or six custom-house officers , and two or three <unk> heavily armed . service , and still more my servants . ” that when three great passions , such	158.6355438232422
as sorrow , love , and gratitude fill the heart , _ennui_ can find no place . ” , to ascertain , doubtless , that neither his companions nor himself had been watched , and , in spite of the darkness , he perceived gondy . person who writes these few lines had the honor of crossing swords with you in the little enclosure of the rue d ’ enfer . <unk> ” valentine smiled , but it was evident that she suffered . needed . that the genoese was one of those shrewd persons who know nothing but what they should know , and believe nothing but what they should believe . , smiled also . you speaking , danglars ? ” monsieur , ” said villefort	111.94327545166016
with a bitter smile ; “ it is only a loss of money which i have <unk> worth mentioning , i assure you . ” , philip ? . a piece of furniture ; and milady saw , with the joy of a demon , that his strength would fail him perhaps before the end of her recital . him ? ” ; at midnight i will be at your house . ” themselves , and the king , <unk> at least , had no other guard at his <unk> but his mother . rescuing me from the sword , he rescued me from the cold , not by sharing his cloak with me , like st. martin , but by giving me the whole ; then from	74.49214935302734
hunger by sharing with <unk> what ? ” in the morning morrel entered their chamber . ! ” cried d ’ artagnan to the coachman ; then turning to mazarin he said , “ now , my lord , you can say five <unk> and five <unk> , in thanks to heaven for your deliverance . steps ; but athos took his arm and passed it under his own , and the young man was forced to regulate his pace by that of his friend . thank you , my good friends , both in my own name and the queen ’ s . ” harbors ? ” me a report of all that has happened ? ” , the governor of the <unk> of the gentlemen i	48.713470458984375
expected <unk> to have such a wish for him , that i gave him to him . ” part with his sword , selected a <unk> cloak of a military cut . sounds , and irresistible faintness came over me . be obliged to go to the <unk> besides ” ( albert looked at his tablets ) , “ it is the hour i told the count , 21st may , at half past ten ; and though i do not much rely upon his promise , i wish to be punctual . to work in , but in the darkness he could not do much , and he soon felt that he was working against something very hard ; he pushed back his bed , and waited	101.4462661743164
for day . said andrea , “ i was coming from <unk> to <unk> , when my horse , which is a troublesome creature , stumbled and threw me . very much to blame for talking thus to other men ; one would say he had never had to do with any but women and children . ” woman ? ” dear monsieur louvieres . ” me that he came , for he was ignorant of my journey . . . ” head out at the window , and gave her orders to her maid . must make another struggle against the grief of his friend , and taking the hands of emmanuel and julie , which he pressed within his own , he said with the mild	59.29399871826172
authority of a father : have nothing more to say to me . ” out this evening . ” . cried i . been so long restrained from a feeling of respect to the court of justice , now burst forth like thunder from the breasts of all present ; the court itself did not seek to restrain the feelings of the audience . it ? ” asked louis xviii . world , of which you are one of the leaders . ” informed that on wednesday , february <unk> , being the first day of the carnival , executions will take place in the piazza del popolo , by order of the tribunal of the <unk> , of two persons , named andrea <unk> , and peppino	80.40101623535156
, otherwise called rocca priori ; the former found guilty of the murder of a venerable and exemplary priest , named don <unk> <unk> , canon of the church of st. john <unk> ; and the latter convicted of being an accomplice of the atrocious and sanguinary bandit , luigi vampa , and his band . coadjuteur . o ’ clock in the afternoon , and although the day was brilliant out-of-doors , we were enveloped in the gloomy darkness of the cavern . to beg at night , ” said the groom , endeavoring to rid his master of the troublesome intruder . , ” continued the jesuit , without allowing him time to speak , “ that we ought to regret the world when we offer	126.25312042236328
ourselves to god ? the landlord came into my apartment when he left his . reply ; but at the moment he opened his mouth , d ’ artagnan , who had heard all , <unk> himself over the threshold of the door . aramis . lad , however young he might be . ” said monte cristo , “ some <unk> or abbé de ganges , one stormy , dark night , descending these stairs step by step , carrying a load , which he wishes to hide from the sight of man , if not from god ? ” than dislike , that ’ s ingratitude ! although they appeared perfectly tranquil yet it was evident that they were on the alert , and that they	82.15380859375
carefully watched the glassy surface over which they were sailing , and on which a few fishing-boats , with their white sails , were alone visible . for intrigue which rendered him the equal of the <unk> intriguers , he remained an honest man . . ” asked porthos . to the door , ” added morrel . , they saw the poor lad lying senseless , with his head split by a blow with a <unk> . you is very different from the love i had for my father . to the count . st. <unk> , he found a horse quite ready and awaiting him . , mazarin was for some minutes lost in thought . the state of your health . ” at dompierre ;	101.56920623779297
the quarters of the king were sometimes at <unk> , sometimes at jarrie ; the cardinal ’ s quarters were upon the <unk> , at the bridge of la pierre , in a simple house without any entrenchment . , monseigneur . ” impossible that this should end as they have decreed ! ” me . ” . would be at no expense that day , for like an <unk> man he had concealed half of his fowl and a piece of the bread in the corner of his cell . . gascon beat as if it would burst through his <unk> from fear , god be thanked , he had not the shade of it , but with emulation ; he fought like a furious tiger ,	119.1104507446289
turning ten times round his adversary , and changing his ground and his guard twenty times . ! to return ? ” rue saint honore , but there he was opposed by the barricades of the mendicant of saint eustache . to remain abed . ” is the will of fate that we should be still for some time separated ; but the delightful days of youth are not lost beyond return . his sleeve . to the spot , astounded and not knowing what to think . to endure the italian theatres , with their <unk> from which it is impossible to see , and the absence of balconies , or open boxes ; all these defects pressed hard on a man who had had his stall	144.76171875
at the <unk> , and had shared a lower box at the opera . here ? ” over what is the best thing to be done ; you will give me your advice , will you not , and if possible extricate me from my unpleasant position ? ! ” said d ’ artagnan , whose purposes were in conflict with that order , “ that is not so easy , since i am on the point of falling , and my horse , too , through fatigue ; unless , indeed , you are disposed to offer me a supper and a bed in the neighborhood . ” know us ; when we can ’ t have one thing we invent another . ” chavigny paid him	53.81415557861328
a visit , the duke used to ask him what he should think if he saw an army of parisians , all fully armed , appear at vincennes to deliver him from prison . another with low murmurs , and a storm gathered over the head of the aristocratic prisoner , raised less by his own words than by the manner of the keeper . or the duchess de longueville ? ” possible ” ; if valentine is not now dead , she will not die . ” ” good parry , i am listening . ” the point whence the light came , and to all the excitement of his dream succeeded the calmness of reality . of these matters , ” said the abbess , at	82.04212188720703
length ; “ but however distant from the court we may be , however remote from the interests of the world we may be placed , we have very sad <unk> of what you have related . count , ” said madame danglars ; “ and tell me , did you ever see at the court of ali tepelini , whom you so gloriously and valiantly served , a more exquisite beauty or richer costume ? ” cut which would proclaim the frenchman at first sight . a butcher , or the son of a <unk> matters <unk> harrison . ’ clock in the evening , edmond heard a hollow sound in the wall against which he was lying . , with his finger , the four muskets	93.57203674316406
piled near the drum , on which were the cards and dice . it the preparation for departure , and these preparations served to conceal dantès ’ agitation . the owner of the project gutenberg™ trademark , but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation . s quite another thing ; but promise me , if you should not be killed tonight , that you will go tomorrow . ” , ” said athos , more and more convinced that he who interrogated them had the right to do so . about her age , but whose life was one continued source of anxiety and fear to him from her mother having been <unk> . delighted with his joke	104.10396575927734
, went away laughing loudly . in the presence of the circe who had before surrounded him with her <unk> . the road they had come by in the morning , namely , in the direction toward scotland . not hesitate ; god forbid ! when i was about to pay you , i had placed my purse on the table . ” ; i did indeed charge him with a commission , the result of which he must tell me ; walk to the barrier , there take a cab , that you may not be too late . ” me tremble ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . majesty can make all this <unk> about a letter written to my brother . ” , say it—for	68.67206573486328
you are condemned , and you shall die . ” two men seemed imminent ; but by degrees carlini ’ s features relaxed , his hand , which had grasped one of the pistols in his belt , fell to his side . look upon it as an expiation . ” miracle should restore your speech , your gesture , your movement , how can you , chained to that armchair , dumb and motionless , oppose this marriage ? ” a smile lit up the old man ’ s face , a strange smile of the eyes in a paralyzed face . foot , for my horse was dead . . ” , enter it , my dear d ’ épinay , for you will soon be	81.24300384521484
numbered as one of the family . louvres , ” was the reply . him inward consolation ; it was expected by everybody that the campaign would be a severe one . a rochefort ; but you must do the like for me . ” to the royal guards and the swiss guards , not only to stand firm , but to send out patrols to the streets of saint denis and saint martin , where the people thronged and where they were the most vociferous , when the mayor of paris was announced at the palais royal . caderousse , groaning with pain . aramis , “ impart it to us , my dear friend , unless the honor of any lady be hazarded by this confidence	104.7674789428711
; in that case you would do better to keep it to yourself . ” no one but your postilion , yet i have your address , and in proof i am here the very instant you are going to sit at table . jussac , “ it is with great regret that i pronounce the thing impossible . , although the occasion of the entertainment was similar , the company was strikingly <unk> . , and danglars again prepared to carve the fowl . the boy , “ the thing is done . ” ” first met him and fought against him ; and in that war zaccone had been taken prisoner , sent to england , and consigned to the <unk> , whence he had escaped	95.9803695678711
by swimming . that idea , ” replied the count of monte cristo , putting his foot on the <unk> steps of his splendid carriage , “ and that will be worth something to me among the ladies . ” my age , for i have not counted the years i have been here . of these gentlemen , could i leave my guest in the hands of a hideous bandit , as you term him ? table , was gazing at a <unk> of his wife and daughter ; he was waiting first for juxon , then for martyrdom . wish for ? ” said barrois . him . some crime , pursued by human justice , from which i can protect you ? ” his master	68.44685363769531
, who examined the weapons with a solicitude very natural to a man who is about to intrust his life to a little powder and shot . resumed the abbess , “ monsieur cardinal has perhaps plausible motives for acting thus ; and though she has the look of an angel , we must not always judge people by the appearance . ” furnished . been so had it been possible to get rid of m. de villefort ; but , like the feudal barons who <unk> against their sovereign , he dwelt in an impregnable fortress . anyone . secretaire a sheet of white paper and pen and ink . the duke , “ what do you mean ? ” and he gave him the cane again	117.14198303222656
, first making a <unk> from the head to the tail of pistache . must take leave of you for a few days ; so , ” added he , turning to renée , “ judge for yourself if it be not important . ” that you will all be quite so disinterested as monsieur de la fere , ” replied the cardinal , bowing to athos . ” had no secrets for me . sailors , although , not one opposed it . ; for at ten paces from the dying man her legs had failed her , and she had dropped on her knees , so that the young man feared that the ball that had brought down his enemy , had also wounded his betrothed	70.79878997802734
. renée ’ s favor easily by obeying the first command she ever imposed on me . monseigneur athos ? ” asked he . easy . , ” he cried , as he entered ; “ i have hired a <unk> <unk> , as light as a canoe , as easy on the wing as any swallow . he at length , “ it is so . said , ‘ five hundred crowns for the <unk> ’ well , let ’ s say no more about it . sir , ” asked the queen , who could not help feeling some interest in the handsome young man before her , “ what is his name ? ” young man , and that ring has a terrible one ,	80.2797622680664
which may betray him who wears it . ” mordaunt , and the sea , but we shall find a certain difficulty in <unk> mazarin . ” , but silently wended his way to the room where the two valets had deposited the dying man on a bed . , ” he exclaimed , “ thou who hast given me liberty , knowledge , riches ; thou who , like beings of a superior order to ourselves , <unk> understand the science of good and evil ; if in the depths of the tomb there still remain something within us which can respond to the voice of those who are left on earth ; if after death the soul ever revisit the places where we have lived and	159.72314453125
suffered , —then , noble heart , sublime soul , then i conjure thee by the paternal love thou didst bear me , by the filial obedience i vowed to thee , grant me some sign , some revelation ! among those guardsmen with whom he had formed greater intimacy than with the others , to invite them to enjoy with him this present of delicious anjou wine which had been sent him from villeroy . but less nimbly , showing plainly that this mode of ascent was not one to which he was accustomed . the neighborhood . ” and the spotless name that accompanied it , m. de tréville was admitted into the household of the young prince where he made such good use of his	291.7341003417969
sword , and was so faithful to his motto , that louis xiii. , one of the good <unk> of his kingdom , was accustomed to say that if he had a friend who was about to fight , he would advise him to choose as a second , himself first , and tréville <unk> even , perhaps , before himself . killed him ere the executioner had laid his hand upon him . ” that is kind to countess g—— on the part of her friend the vampire . ” ” said the latter , closing the door and bolting it , that they might not be disturbed . . ! ” said he . ” prayed the kneeling suppliant , “ protect my husband , guard	66.5632095336914
my son , and take my wretched life instead ! ” ; that i alone ... follower was also still asleep , her head leaning back on the chair , in all respects worthy of her mistress . a dark lantern . a man so firm and decided , there was this morning in his personal appearance something <unk> and irresolute . large drops rolled down his face , and in his fingers he held the fragments of a quill pen which he had torn to atoms . ? ” nothing , or rather he only saw morrel , whose calmness had a frightful effect on those who knew what was passing in his heart . was my friend , as you know , and an alliance with	118.53768157958984
his son is the most suitable thing that could possibly be arranged . ” at him with amazement . , for the rest , executed with a silent rapidity that gave a good idea of the way in which he maintained discipline . wholly past recall ? into the britzka , which was admirably arranged for sleeping in , without scarcely touching the step . , franz perceived that she had deceived him when she spoke of expecting company ; on the contrary , her own return before the appointed hour seemed greatly to astonish the servants . government ? ” good-will of the youth raoul and , either whilst fencing with him or when out shooting , to extract from his simplicity some information which would <unk>	187.10330200195312
the athos of old times with the athos of the present . at st. germain presented itself to the mind of the presumptuous gascon . paris . ” made a special sign to him with his head . defiled , d ’ artagnan . ” them . ” said porthos , with an air of finesse , “ i am rather incredulous . ” ? ” said athos . flash of light , which was extinguished instantly , was seen on the land , and the sound of firearms reached the yacht . year dantès was a new man . ? you have no friends in your prosperity when you had many in adversity ? ” risk , for he knew all that was meant . <unk> the	63.411476135253906
<unk> of the palais royal , and one of them , passing under d ’ artagnan ’ s arm , entered and broke a mirror , in which porthos was complacently admiring himself . d ’ artagnan , “ you care little if she kills buckingham or causes him to be killed ? ? ” asked monte cristo . order and for the good of the state that the bearer of this has done what he has done . ’ artagnan the elder bounded back and , bending his bare head , tried to distinguish in the gloom the features of the lieutenant . feel uneasy , examined the tapestry with his eyes , touched the coat of mail which he wore under his long gown and felt	75.80813598632812
from time to time to see if the handle of a good spanish dagger , which was hidden under his cloak , was well within reach . , ” said athos . what is the matter with her , ” said madame de villefort ; “ m . edmond , slightly changing color , “ and wherefore , i pray ? ” the cardinal . face were effaced ; he had still a nose , but his cheeks , <unk> out , each took a portion of it unto themselves ; his chin had joined his throat ; his eyes were swelled up with the <unk> of his cheeks ; his hair , cut straight in holy guise , covered his forehead as far as his eyebrows .	83.64840698242188
the duchess de chevreuse ; did you see her after her return from brussels , after the king ’ s death ? ” oliver cromwell , the most illustrious captain of the age ? ” or remove the full project gutenberg™ license terms from this work , or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg™ . said , “ he is mad ! ” and as though he feared that the walls of the accursed house would crumble around him , he rushed into the street , for the first time doubting whether he had the right to do as he had done . friend ! ” cried milady ; “ and when shall i be avenged ? ”	55.991153717041016
way , my dear albert ! ” said he , holding out his hand to the young man . or six hundred thousand francs , ” said lord wilmore ; “ he is a <unk> ” hatred evidently inspired the englishman , who , knowing no other reproach to bring on the count , accused him of avarice . ” said he . cried the horsemen , rushing on d ’ artagnan with naked swords . but surrounded with all the <unk> of war . him to become still darker and more dense , and heavy clouds seemed to sweep down towards him ; at the same time he felt a sharp pain in his knee . not impossible . as citizen . ” are rich ! like	57.11331558227539
carbuncles , and appeared , with his <unk> mouth , to be the only part of his face in which life survived . his eyes and gently turned the hoop of the ring inside . got up , perfumed himself , dressed , and went to the queen to tell her what had detained him . a <unk> , disdainful smile . before yesterday . ” should wish to keep my illusions concerning insects <unk> ; it is quite enough to have those <unk> which i had formed of my fellow-creatures . , d ’ artagnan . ” ” returned monte cristo “ upon the simple condition that they should respect myself and my friends . behind them . a young man . ” this : — ‘	88.87197875976562
i swear by my honor not to reveal to anyone what i have seen and heard on the 5th of february , 1815 , between nine and ten o ’ clock in the evening ; and i plead guilty of death should i ever <unk> this <unk> ’ ” the general appeared to be affected by a nervous tremor , which prevented his answering for some moments ; then , overcoming his manifest repugnance , he pronounced the required oath , but in so low a tone as to be scarcely audible to the majority of the members , who insisted on his repeating it clearly and distinctly , which he did . your iniquities ; my lord , you have abused the royal power , which you	138.14959716796875
have almost usurped ; my lord , you are held in horror by god and men . word from you has enlightened me more than twenty years of slow experience ; i have but you in the world , haydée ; through you i again take hold on life , through you i shall suffer , through you rejoice . ” porthos , placing a finger on his lips . four men ? ” to war by that means ; you see , the cardinal is about to make the next campaign , helm on head and partisan in hand . going to set you an example of confidence , they give me 50,000 francs a year to be your son ; consequently , you can understand that	119.46601867675781
it is not at all likely i shall ever deny my parent . ” thousand francs . ” it is impossible ; i can go no farther . ” not forget that i have my executioners to punish , and perhaps , too , who knows , some friends to reward . him for having carried you off ? ” said beauchamp . breakfast franz took out his watch . . ” said she , “ i can assure you that you have severely punished me ; and if in the time to come you should find yourself in a similar situation , you have but to apply to me . ” , my dear athos ! i had forgotten you were in love . ” and the	49.751487731933594
count turned pale . are wholly wanting in voiture ’ s works , but i am of the same opinion as the <unk> is a poet , a true <unk> ” aramis spoke so as to be heard by everybody . avenge you of this wretch , ” replied d ’ artagnan , giving himself the airs of don <unk> of <unk> . , you ’ d better take lodging in the rue <unk> at the chat qui <unk> . , who as yet knew nobody in the capital , he only found one chocolate breakfast at the house of a priest of his own province , and one dinner at the house of a cornet of the guards . said d ’ artagnan ; “ it ’	82.9029541015625
s a good omen , master <unk> out for the king . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , gaily , “ let us sell the diamond , and say no more about it . ” count , in a tone that made franz shudder , “ this young gentleman is one of _my <unk> young gentleman lodges in the same hotel as <unk> young gentleman has been up and down the corso for eight hours in my private carriage , and yet , i repeat to you , you have carried him off , and conveyed him hither , and , ” added the count , taking the letter from his pocket , “ you have set a ransom on him , as if he were an	64.20697021484375
utter stranger . ” franz , “ this is an arabian nights ’ adventure . ” to him by d ’ artagnan , who in the first place pointed out the money to him , then the glory , and then the danger . crossing the yard , took care not to answer , and they rang in vain . . ” ” said villefort . to be done ? ” asked the queen , “ for i hear them . ” ’ s end . ’ , <unk> unlike the virtuous monsieur grimaud so <unk> by la ramee ; for he said nothing and did much . to their scabbards . ” ” responded monte cristo with a <unk> air . of the highest ladies in the	54.3723030090332
realm ; she was also one of the greatest beauties at court . for the journey , but that ’ s no matter . ” said he , as he drew back the door . travels rapidly , and when at tréport , i felt the electric shock ; you have either been working for me or thinking of me . ” he had been a naval officer , who had been confined for plotting with the bonapartists . ” what is the letter you have just read ? —a lover ’ s deception , which the woman who has married that man ought certainly to forgive ; but not so the lover who was to have married her . to restrain d ’ artagnan , constantly in	97.35237884521484
advance of the little troop , and to beg him to keep in the line , which in an instant he again departed from . are , both of us , able to kill you and your eight <unk> two only . man , as you know , ” said aramis , “ is a strange animal , made up of contradictions . it since my childhood . ” , as her duties called her to chapel , she left the two young women alone . elegant simplicity in a figured white silk dress , and a white rose half concealed in her jet black hair was her only ornament , <unk> by a single jewel . the theme of conversation between luigi and teresa . ” do	141.93199157714844
with him ? ” ? ” before five o ’ clock ; despatch a messenger to apprise the grooms at the first station . he would die without saying more , for he exclaimed eagerly : that embrace alive . noticed by athos and aramis in the guardhouse , and when the two friends were announced they started and exchanged some words in a low tone . understand , ” was the reply . and duchess of orleans , the tall young mademoiselle and the abbé de la riviere ; and the third , the duke de longueville and the prince de conti , brother and brother-in-law of condé . , sir , ” said raoul , “ respect royalty and ever serve the king . the mind	70.16246795654297
of d ’ artagnan . the other side of the equator , at least two thousand leagues from here , ” replied the count . ’ artagnan spoke convinced patrick , which was the name of this minister of the minister . away , the count thought he heard a slight noise in the dressing-room ; this first sound , or rather this first <unk> , was followed by a second , then a third ; at the fourth , the count knew what to expect . ? ” ? ” asked the procureur , alarmed . ” said danglars ; “ i merely suspend my decision , that is all . ” over himself , or whether by accident he did not sound the <unk> <unk> that	49.261714935302734
in other circumstances had been touched , he was tonight like everybody else . his services in providing a suitable crew for the little vessel , but this dantès declined with many thanks , saying he was accustomed to <unk> about quite alone , and his principal pleasure consisted in <unk> his yacht himself ; the only thing the builder could oblige him in would be to contrive a sort of secret closet in the cabin at his bed ’ s head , the closet to contain three <unk> , so constructed as to be concealed from all but himself . said the count . then , after five years of separation ! ” said d ’ artagnan , giving his hand to the count ; “ you	127.46371459960938
are going to see something curious , ” added the gascon . the point . changed in and about me ; i am accustomed to brave difficulties , and , in the conflict to crush those who , by their own free will , or by chance , voluntarily or involuntarily , interfere with me in my career . that you knew me not . said valentine , raising both her hands to heaven with a sublime expression , “ i have done my utmost to remain a submissive daughter ; i have begged , entreated , implored ; he has regarded neither my prayers , my entreaties , nor my tears . indeed ! then , that at the day of the last judgment god will separate	117.05538177490234
blind executioners from <unk> judges ? of the south , been killed ? i were named madame de <unk> , or the queen marie de <unk> , i should use less precautions than i take , being simply called milady clarik . ” tell you , my lord , that the minister knew for a fact that these ornaments had sailed away with the ambassador , who was far away , beyond <unk> . he went to a table upon which was a salver with spanish wine and glasses . d ’ artagnan sold him for the nine livres did not conceal from the young man that he only gave that enormous sum for him on the account of the originality of his color . pass his sentence	118.0134048461914
of life or death . , my friend , ” said mazarin , gazing at the musketeer with admiration . <unk> ” i am waiting with impatience to hear what you wish to say to me . ” gigantic bandit , with large eyes , thick lips , and a flat nose ; his red hair fell in dishevelled masses like <unk> around his shoulders . artagnan and porthos draw back . executioner ’ s assistants . of light glanced across the face of the midnight visitor . his pipe , was <unk> along toward the limits of the faubourg saint-denis , where no doubt he ordinarily had his station . he here he would confirm every <unk> wrote then to franz that if he did not come	113.80252075195312
with the four thousand crowns before six , at ten minutes past i should have gone to join the blessed saints and glorious martyrs in whose company i had the honor of being ; and signor luigi vampa , such was the name of the chief of these bandits , would have scrupulously kept his word . ” my prosperity i forgot those old friends , monsieur ; because i have acted like queen marie de medicis , who , returning from her first exile , treated with contempt all those who had suffered for her and , being proscribed a second time , died at <unk> abandoned by every one , even by her own son . ” engagement was so much the more <unk> , as	160.39027404785156
there chanced to be on that very night a more than ordinary attraction at the académie royale . , understood all , uttered a cry , as if his very heart was pierced , and fell fainting on the stone steps . d ’ artagnan , “ i have only done what every gentleman would have done in my place ; you owe me no thanks . ” monsieur , i thought there would be still time , if you wish , to see monsieur de cavois to contradict me by saying you were not yet gone . is this recipe ? ” asked debray . your courage can not be doubted . ” sire , to intercede for her with your majesty . ” ” the story	75.99445343017578
has a conclusion . ” the ladder , closed the window . said morrel ; “ i am to wait . ” a few gentlemen , whom he fears to lose every day ; surrounded by the scotch , whom he distrusts , although he be himself a scotchman . ” said the man in the cloak , “ excuse me for saying that you seem to me precisely in the mood to commit some wild or extravagant act . ” service ? ” that we are incurring greater risks than athos and aramis ? ” asked porthos . royal honors will be accorded to it . theme of conversation throughout all paris . emanate from a celestial source , seems to me to proceed from one far	109.23744201660156
less pure . but she came at last to accustom herself to my little ways and understand my little wishes . ” , ” said athos , “ you forget that ; it appears to me , however , that the seal denotes that it deserves to be opened . this bouquet . ” my blessing for my children and with the sentiments of my soul for yourself , my dearest <unk> . ” rochefort , ” mazarin replied in a tone of raillery , “ you think yourself still a young man ; your spirit is that of the <unk> , but your strength fails you . consent . ” usual phrase ; i am quite familiar with it . . , <unk> , and <unk> .	76.13591003417969
’ ” ” scarcely say . shall have the right of <unk> myself ; at present i shall appear to sell myself . ” two guns , with all the accoutrements for hunting ; a lofty room on the ground floor containing all the ingenious instruments the <unk> in <unk> pursuits , since they are patient and <unk> invented for fishing . to the archiepiscopal palace , ” said aramis . , madame , that i have been drawn into a snare ; i , perhaps , may leave my life in it—for , although it may be strange , i have for some time had a presentiment that i should shortly die. ” and the duke smiled , with a smile at once sad and charming .	100.11164855957031
, ” and he drew another twenty from his pocket . the count ’ s hand so warmly , that monte cristo could not be mistaken as to the sincerity of his joy , and he saw that he had been expected with impatience , and was received with pleasure . way ; employ me even <unk> , but let it be on the high roads . ” was met by the two notaries , who had just completed the act which was to disinherit valentine , and who were leaving under the conviction of having done a thing which could not fail of <unk> considerably to their credit . curiously examining the glass , which she felt certain of having emptied during the night . to sail	84.901611328125
, and the captain was waiting on the wharf . a <unk> ; a horse <unk> and breaks his knees to the bone ; a horse eats out of a <unk> in which a <unk> horse has eaten . grimaud . come in and to discover athos almost insensible . to perfect health , was tasting the fine fruit which madame de longueville had sent to him . must have been mad , senseless , to believe that snow would become animated or marble warm ; but what then ! front , surrounded by <unk> , and when he saw athos and aramis a glow of pleasure lighted his pale cheeks . easy and elegant politeness . , i mean to say she is a <unk> fine girl	148.85385131835938
! ” he felt the sensation we have described , and which had hitherto been unknown to him , arise in his bosom , and fill him with vague apprehensions . going to marry their daughter—— ” it was by steel or by poison ; only of this i am sure , i have dreamed he was dead , and you know my dreams never deceive me . came in his turn duhallier , captain of the guards , bringing with him fifty archers , who were distributed immediately through the hôtel de ville , at the doors assigned them . name appears so often in our story “ the three musketeers , ” without her actually having appeared in any scene , was still a beautiful woman	146.7447509765625
. son has done us no harm . ” the notary ; “ it is very evident that m. noirtier is desirous of making his will . ” said porthos . , then albert . ” cried the queen . de chatillon , ” cried the chevalier ; “ welcome to you—i expected you . ” took his book , closed it and went to lay it down on the table , near which he continued standing , in order that mazarin might be obliged to stand also . ” cried milady , with an accent that admitted no doubt of her truth . d ’ artagnan with a smile , “ you sell your productions at their weight in gold . dream , a nightmare , that	51.784141540527344
has disturbed you . ” palais-cardinal before richelieu gave it to the king . time to train pupils ! to that ; but i must make you see this time that it is too late to retreat . ” a dining-room of moderate size , the windows of which opened on one side on a garden , on the other on a <unk> full of magnificent flowers . gentleman , not the watchfulness of a spy . ” will see me die . continued aramis , “ i have lived very agreeably . to us in africa , who have not always any food to eat , and rarely anything to drink . ” to the proof . ” a sign , which signified , “ that was	89.98408508300781
on account of the affair about which i spoke to you . ” woman seemed to hesitate , as she had before done in the rue vaugirard . upon the officers , who were to see that the soldiers observed them scrupulously : the first , that the different corps should so march that cavalry and infantry should be on the same line and that each body should protect its <unk> ; the second , to go to the charge no faster than a walk ; the third , to let the enemy fire first . hopes . ” said the old man ’ s eye . met with a strange adventure in i don ’ t know what village , with i don ’ t know what	103.00186157226562
curé , of whom she asked hospitality and who , having but one chamber , and taking her for a cavalier , offered to share it with her . the comte de la fere , and looking for an instant at that grand and honest countenance , took the pen . that is the reason , ” said villefort , shrugging his shoulders . paradise , porthos ; one takes no note of time . left ; five days are more than i require . she might have means of flight and fearing she should escape , drew a pistol from his belt ; but athos raised his hand . of monsieur le prince , i laid a few snares in the runs ; and while reclining on	93.57225799560547
the banks of his highness ’ s pieces of water , i slipped a few lines into his fish ponds . —a vagabond , a corsican . ” ! ” he exclaimed ; “ do you , then , never appear but to act as an escort to death ? ” alone . opened and madame de chevreuse was announced . you ? ” i am nothing but your servant. ” then turning to his men : seen that the person to whom i spoke was a woman . ” he , “ although a companion is agreeable , perfect freedom is sometimes still more agreeable . ! ” said athos , filling his glass and that of his friend ; “ here ’ s to porthos and	66.01942443847656
aramis ! arm , and let us on ; we have no time to lose . ’ condition he will promise anything , and take his chance of keeping it afterwards . ” and as the last of them passed close to him he pressed the hand of athos . grasped the gold and bank-notes , and la carconte called up her sweetest smiles while welcoming the <unk> of their guest . best motives are liable to <unk> , the queen saw in your refusal nothing but a <unk> distinct refusal she had also much to complain of you during the lifetime of the late cardinal ; yes , her majesty the <unk> ” was ? ” which had first attracted his eye , d ’ artagnan was	137.66310119628906
convinced that it could not be there that his friend dwelt ; the towers , though solid and as if built yesterday , were open and broken . , that i may rely on the count ’ s promises ? ” tell me if you have in your command the chevalier d ’ artagnan , lieutenant in the musketeers ? ” ’ said my father to his palikares . a glance in which the deepest melancholy and pity were expressed . porthos . ” you , jacopo ? ” returned the captain . had been lifted from his horse as stiff as a rush ; the poor lad ’ s strength was almost exhausted . ! ” murmured villefort . by a low , <unk> hedge , two	71.74742126464844
or three feet high . of that noise ? ” , you can imagine that they are but little in the vein for conversation . ” , ” said dantès , frowning in his turn ; “ i did not perceive that there were three of us. ” then , turning to mercédès , he inquired , “ who is this gentleman ? ” cause which procures me the pleasure of seeing m. de morcerf so early ? ” to say , he fought for the independence of the greeks , and hence arises the calumny . ” compromise matters , and give up a portion of your fortune to her son ? ” have but little interest for you , accustomed as you are to behold the	66.55638885498047
pleasures and the misfortunes of the wealthy and industrious ; but such as we are , we have experienced bitter sorrows . ” her ; and d ’ avrigny approached noirtier . five o ’ clock ; you must stand in need of repose . you command me , mercédès , i must die . ” his eyes fixed on a black line which bordered the banks of the tyne and seemed to extend double the length of the camp . presume to say that all my friends are in the king ’ s musketeers and guards , and that by an inconceivable fatality my enemies are in the service of your eminence ; i should , therefore , be ill received here and ill regarded there if	84.7191390991211
i accepted what monseigneur offers me . ” leave us ? ” cried renée , unable to hide her emotion at this unexpected announcement . mediterranean ? ” the creaking of a door , people going and coming , and some minutes afterwards a turnkey entered , saying : said d ’ artagnan , planchet ’ s recital agreeing with his own observations . of our leading a delightful life upon this 3,000 francs . ” mendicant his master made him a sign to retire , and he was obliged to obey . , then . my son has also guessed who you are , —he attributes his father ’ s misfortunes to you . ” to her . sapphire again ; the one i mentioned to you	109.3436508178711
had one of its faces scratched by accident . ” ” answered aramis , “ as you see , from heaven . ” she to whom the cardinal addressed this flattering compliment , “ if , in spite of all these reasons , the duke does not give way and continues to menace france ? ” “ listen , morrel , i see your grief is great , but still you do not like to risk your <unk> ” morrel smiled sadly . that “ he did not know how any fear could be entertained for a moment , when the court had , to defend itself against the parliament and the citizens of paris , his holiness the coadjutor , who by a signal could raise an	88.60025024414062
army of curates , church porters and vergers . ” not be ! ” ? then ? ” place , well supplied with <unk> and fine trees ; a comfortable habitation , although abandoned for a long time , without reckoning the furniture , which , although old , is yet valuable , now that old things are so much sought after . ! ” was the cry in every direction ; the young monarch gravely put his head out of the window , looked sufficiently grateful and even bowed ; at which the cries of the multitude were renewed . you to come to the palace . is the isle of dogs . , or rather join the king , wherever he may be , and tell	126.28539276123047
his majesty that i humbly beg him to excuse me , but an affair of the greatest importance recalls me to london . it ! ” replied d ’ artagnan , who knew nothing about it , but who wished to appear to know everything that was going on . to <unk> there was in this smile such an expression of triumph that this smile alone would have betrayed her . to all minds , and the general opinion was that the complete ruin of the unfortunate shipowner had been postponed only until the end of the month . franz up and dressed , while albert , who had not the same motives for early rising , was still soundly asleep . that you will not tell her	92.06266784667969
that your father ever served hers . ” that . ” , monsieur commissary , ” cried bonacieux , in his turn , “ there is not the least doubt about the matter . as good a horseman as he was to risk such a scheme , for no sooner had the animal felt the burning tinder than he uttered a cry of pain and <unk> and jumped as if he had been mad . , the poor girl extended her arms to him , and believed herself safe ; but carlini felt his heart sink , for he but too well knew the fate that awaited her . can take out two or three boards of the partition , ” answered blaisois , “ and make a	88.16036224365234
hole in the cask with a gimlet . ” d ’ artagnan ? ” footman nor the carriage , but with the eye of a jealous woman , mme . , and let us overtake the carriage . ” of armed men , ” continued d ’ artagnan . rome will be present , and if your fair <unk> belong to the higher class of society , she must go there . ” to his heart . and replied to me by a sicilian proverb , which i believe is also a french proverb , ‘ my son , the world was not made in a <unk> in seven . i think he acted very generously . ” . ” said aramis . i say to the king	61.50210952758789
? ” serious to you ? ” had had recourse to a great deal of haughtiness to maintain his position . continued he , patting edmond ’ s shoulder kindly , “ you did very right , dantès , to follow captain leclere ’ s instructions , and touch at elba , although if it were known that you had conveyed a packet to the marshal , and had conversed with the emperor , it might bring you into trouble . ” anything to me . served with miraculous celerity . ” exclaimed athos , smiling , “ you have a duel in prospect . ” . ” . ” artagnan withdrew , and the next day he began service . names , and if he does not	79.92584228515625
send us a suitable message we will leave him to his own affairs or those of france . love , <unk> you . ” . ” act wisely in so doing , ” said the priest . , the brow of athos became clouded and he bit his lips . madame ! ” the governor . ” speak all languages . send her to you . ” d ’ artagnan , “ we don ’ t now make war as we did formerly . the carriage to be here ? ” ; he adored her . and , whatever d ’ artagnan might think of it , it was obvious that the citizens had for the night laid aside their usual forbearance , in order to assume a	68.43856048583984
warlike aspect . villefort , “ is it at your house in the champs-élysées that you receive your visitors ? ” for this evening , ” said the coadjutor , “ but the violins will not begin to play until to-morrow morning . ” and took their hands in his . a strain , athos ? ” for ten years before . mundane <unk> from your visionary world , you would seem to leave a neapolitan spring for a <unk> <unk> quit paradise for <unk> for hell ! clock , sir , do you breakfast ? ” ? ” s very well , young man , ” continued m. de tréville , “ that ’ s all very well . ? ” with the order they had received	58.532684326171875
, they bowed their heads in sign of assent . artagnan with eyes fixed upon him and clasped him in his arms . him in which there would be at the same time glory to be acquired , and money to be gained ; and as a far higher encouragement , it brought him into close intimacy with a woman he adored . thousand livres to be employed as seems good , and we will leave a fund of a thousand livres under the guardianship of monsieur abbé here , for extraordinary occasions or common wants . into a passion at random at noisy ? you to a room , and to leave you there to talk to me . ” as i have told you , it	120.48420715332031
was too late . ” confound the two , eugénie . ” opera yesterday ? ” name i want to know , in the midst of your hundred names , that i may pronounce it when we meet to fight , at the moment when i plunge my sword through your heart . ” you were born to be a general , and the cardinal , who fancies himself a great soldier , is nothing beside you . ” guillotined , will he not ? ” said caderousse . rich . he . ” said d ’ artagnan , comprehending the slight frown of the musketeer . artagnan swam in delirium ; he marched between athos and porthos , pressing them tenderly . we see correctly ; when	68.4034194946289
we are alarmed , we see double ; and when we have been alarmed , we see nothing but trouble . beauchamp , “ what still oppresses you , my friend ? ” of so infamous a death , and passed suddenly from despair to an ardent desire for life and liberty . was in love with one of my women . over these <unk> ” so saying , madame de saint-méran extended her dry bony hand to villefort , who , while <unk> a son-in-law ’ s respectful salute on it , looked at renée , as much as to say , “ i must try and fancy ’ tis your dear hand i kiss , as it should have been . ” ” at last said	119.41128540039062
anne of austria , “ you are silent , after rendering such a service ? ” sure that he has not been mixed up with the police for some <unk> stab with a knife , for instance . ” to the <unk> of the marriage-contract were being carried on at the house of m. de villefort , monte cristo had paid his visit to the count of morcerf , who , in order to lose no time in <unk> to m. danglars ’ wishes , and at the same time to pay all due deference to his position in society , donned his uniform of lieutenant-general , which he ornamented with all his crosses , and thus attired , ordered his finest horses and drove to the rue	59.98578643798828
de la chaussée d ’ antin . ” replied danglars , “ you are three parts drunk ; finish the bottle , and you will be completely so . bar and pushing down a door ? ” ” said he , “ i believe so . ” means of rendering italy strong , happy , and independent . ” absurd , and i can not see why m. debray ’ s name is mixed up in this affair . ” let her know it was not a dream . remarked danglars , affecting to pity the young man from the bottom of his heart . had business to transact with linen drapers , to whose houses i conducted her . ” said the abbé , “ read this	53.948490142822266
other paper ; ” and he presented to dantès a second leaf with fragments of lines written on it , which edmond read as follows : journey . ” ” murmured franz . du verger , ” he said , “ shut yourself up with this man until monsieur bernouin returns to open the door . not see or hear ; the jailer feared he was dangerously ill. edmond hoped he was dying . ” ’ s turn to fix his piercing eyes on louvieres . for he felt his increased importance . . able to do was to drag himself about a dozen paces forward to lean against a <unk> rock . ’ observed caderousse , replacing the box in his pocket , ‘ someone else will	170.42660522460938
purchase it . ’ the brow of bonacieux , but so slight that d ’ artagnan did not perceive it . other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg™ works . saw him until a few days since , and am not responsible for him . ” , ” resumed the gascon , when the valet had retired , “ that he did not meet the other one . ” his head drop on the table , now raised it , and looking at fernand with his dull and <unk> eyes , he said , “ kill dantès ! three windows were worth ? ” do ? ” said d ’ artagnan . they had scarcely sailed half a league , when d ’ artagnan	47.568336486816406
saw a flash and heard a <unk> . accomplished ? ” exclaimed d ’ artagnan , looking in astonishment at athos . ? ’ said my father to some people who were holding a paper inscribed with characters of gold . cried the duchess , “ i shall do what i can . and locked the door behind them . you , and after the queen , the cardinal , and after the cardinal , myself . ” his study , m. morrel had returned to his bedchamber , which he was only this moment quitting . the guide ; “ i said to myself , ‘ something is always left in a cell inhabited by one prisoner for fifteen years , ’ so i began to sound	62.42637634277344
the wall . ” the thesis . ” , ’ said he , kissing it ; ‘ it is my master ’ s ring ! ’ and throwing the match on the ground , he trampled on it and extinguished it . promise of becoming captain . ” , ” said felton , throwing himself between the duke and the bell placed on a stand encrusted with silver . i ate but little . the cardinal ? ” out at the hotel rambouillet ; it would ruin me , ” replied the abbé . the stage , he leaned from his box and began attentively scrutinizing the beauty of each pretty woman , aided by a powerful opera-glass ; but , alas , this attempt to attract notice	73.96861267089844
wholly failed ; not even curiosity had been excited , and it was but too apparent that the lovely creatures , into whose good graces he was desirous of stealing , were all so much engrossed with themselves , their lovers , or their own thoughts , that they had not so much as noticed him or the <unk> of his glass . but above all against d ’ <unk> lost in the distance of the future . winter , who in this trying emergency felt all his strength and energy fire up , “ we are ready . ” by the friction of many feet led to the door , which was made of three planks ; the door had never been painted or varnished , so	141.31442260742188
great cracks <unk> in it during the dry season to close again when the rains came on . in vain on the satirical face of the gascon and the unchanging countenance of porthos . inquired winter . have the proofs . ” , after the countess had a second time directed her _lorgnette_ at the box , “ what do you think of our opposite neighbor ? ” not to be sold , ” was the reply . he died of <unk> in dreadful <unk> ” then turning to the crew , he said , “ bear a hand there , to take in sail ! ” is always with friends that one fights . ” i say ; i want to be convinced . you like ,	107.50413513183594
but i warn you ’ twill be rather too warm presently . ” , and the abbé had come to ask his young companion to share the luxuries with him . hand . ” added athos , “ we meet in battle , at this word , ‘ place royale ! ’ let us put our swords into our left hands and shake hands with the right , even in the very <unk> and music of the hottest <unk> . ” hôtel des gardes , they separated , leaving the street at opposite ends , one having to quit paris by the barrière de la villette and the other by the barrière montmartre , to meet again beyond st. <unk> strategic maneuver which , having been executed with	136.4964141845703
equal punctuality , was crowned with the most fortunate results . rich , or at least independent ? demanded the count , “ are all the forms complied with ? ” and perhaps we will beg him . that prove ? ” asked valentine . arabic to ali , who made a sign of obedience and withdrew , but not to any distance . something by scandal , notwithstanding your millions . , and as soon as she had stepped into her carriage , it drove away , sometimes towards the right hand , sometimes to the left ; then about twenty minutes afterwards the gentleman would also leave , buried in his cravat or concealed by his handkerchief . ; but he had gone too far to	121.45146942138672
draw back . hour she heard a soft voice calling her ; it was mme . , then , so much ? ” perugia , and rome . ” his host of monte cristo and again repeated by the landlord of the hôtel de londres , abundantly proved to him that his island friend was playing his philanthropic part on the shores of piombino , civita vecchia , ostia , and <unk> , as on those of corsica , tuscany , and spain ; and further , franz bethought him of having heard his singular entertainer speak both of tunis and palermo , proving thereby how <unk> his circle of acquaintances extended . ? andrea , “ you are a man void of compassion ; i ’ ll	187.97860717773438
have you turned out . ” his portrait at a dash . , ” replied m. morrel , with a mournful shake of his head , “ the thing has assumed a more serious aspect than i expected . ” was my own , and that i might sell it . , sword in hand , through all the neighboring streets , but had found nobody resembling the man he sought for . unwilling that it should be thought that he had influenced the wounded man , requested m. de la trémouille to interrogate him himself . ” said he . assured himself that he could neither be seen nor heard , and was consequently relieved of doubts , he said : the wedding is to take place	88.4022445678711
immediately , m. dantès , ” said danglars , bowing to the young couple . of being tired and obliged to walk . ” ” read that i must be alone ? ” said julie . made himself known , took the best horse in the stables , mounted and gained the high road . s passed like ice through her veins . to settle with him when i am cured and sound again . saw valentine ; for two years i have loved her , for two years i have seen written in her heart , as in a book , all the virtues of a daughter and wife . the old man . ; it is now three , and i am to speak . ”	68.66960906982422
such names ; they are names of shepherds . ” to assist me , beauchamp , if contempt has not banished it from your heart . ” go , another to return , four days of quarantine , and forty-eight hours to stay there ; that makes three weeks . tenderness of milady ; he almost believed in the crime of de wardes . but urge the king strongly not to stand on false generosity . , raoul , she is an historic personage ; it was to visit her king henry iv . to dinner . ” devoured her slightest movements , seized the paper immediately the signature had been affixed to it , returned to the window and waved it in his hand . enough ,	151.92042541503906
” said fernand , clenching his hands without raising his head . , but the man lay on the earth struggling in the agonies of death . politician , my queen , ” said mazarin ; “ let us hear the <unk> ” and he hid what he had written by sliding the letter under a folio of blank paper . fierce one ? ” morrel , ” said she ; “ the son of that good merchant of marseilles , whom you doubtless recollect . ” , perhaps , show us some gratitude ; but the queen would never forgive us , and it is she whom we have to consider . ... them <unk> . said , without you i can do nothing ; and i	79.86302185058594
am afraid you will refuse me the favor i come to ask if you do not know to what end i ask it . ” the same instant the voices of his father and the chevalier d ’ herblay ; two officers in the parisian forces rushed at that instant on raoul , but aramis protected him with his sword . for tonight , ” said he . your majesty on the side of your honor , it would be quite another thing , and i should be the first to say , ‘ no grace , <unk> grace for the guilty ! ’ happily , there is nothing of the kind , and your majesty has just acquired a new proof of it . ” it should	65.97152709960938
be known i have left the camp ; and if they follow us we shall be certain they will tell nobody . ” believed that the separation of the musketeers and the guards would be but momentary , the king holding his parliament that very day and proposing to set out the day after . , my dear monsieur mordaunt ! say to this outburst on the part of the procureur ? ” only myself in the world to care for . ” and could not at first comprehend this restitution ; but the visit of porthos soon enlightened her . to-morrow evening . , i assure you . friend , ” said he , “ england is all our own . appear above an abandoned work within	96.54946899414062
thirty paces of him ; they were the heads of the two soldiers . athos , letting him go , “ you are not polite ; it is easy to perceive that you come from a distance . ” early i should be afraid of awakening your majesty . ” planks of the scaffold creaked with the weight of an advancing procession , and the eager faces of the spectators confirmed what a last hope at the bottom of his heart had prevented him till then believing . did not concern me , sir ; nevertheless , if you wish it , i am ready to go . ” . ” said faria ; “ the penknife . his forehead , as if to try his strength ,	61.49507141113281
as a man who is preparing to defend his life proves his shield and bends his sword . said to the duchess , “ i have had the boldness to present myself at your hotel without being known to you ; it has succeeded , since you deign to receive me . her to make her appearance at the gate , for maximilian had long awaited her coming . their supper the queen feigned extreme fatigue and passed into her bedroom . the orange-tree , he began at the <unk> ; but this , not being so easily <unk> as the orange-tree , pricked him dreadfully . a little concerned for his safety after his recent <unk> , declared that he would follow d ’ artagnan even to	117.69178771972656
the end of the world , either by the road to the right or by that to the left ; only he begged his former master to set out in the evening , for greater security to himself . , tell me , do you wish me dead ? ” s proximity that makes you so prudent ? ” ; but she stood in need of a little silence and quiet to give all her ideas , as yet confused , a distinct form and a regular plan . room with the baron de château-renaud , leaving monte cristo alone with morcerf . sister and i are skillful in <unk> dreams , and even entertain great fear of them ; but of yours it may be said ,	81.73430633544922
i hope , every dream is an illusion . so ? ” bonacieux could endure , depressed as he was by the successive emotions which he had experienced ; he uttered a feeble groan which might have been taken for the last sigh of a dying man , and fainted . . ” of populace <unk> so suddenly that d ’ artagnan could not repress a burst of <unk> laughter . ! ” cried one of the ladies . require a permit , for the island is uninhabited . ” , i guessed the rest ; <unk> the length of the lines by those of the paper , and <unk> the hidden meaning by means of what was in part revealed , as we are guided in a	84.89659118652344
cavern by the small ray of light above us . ” ’ artagnan cleared the ditch by the roadside and crossed the plain so as to wind around the village . , and showed her astonishment by a look which would doubtless have had some effect upon her husband if he had not been intently occupied with the paper , where he was looking to see the closing stock <unk> . , ” continued the count , as if in consideration for d ’ artagnan ’ s embarrassment , “ you , the best heart , the best friend , the best soldier that i <unk> , with a soul that makes you worthy of a birth on the steps of a throne , and who , sooner	86.24725341796875
or later , must receive your reward from an intelligent <unk> , my dear porthos , you , a gentleman in manners , in tastes and in courage , you are as culpable as d ’ artagnan . ” strong as you are , you could not kill them all . ” . ” that villefort will be firm and inflexible for the future in his political principles . the right hand madame danglars , on his left morrel . athos , ” resumed d ’ artagnan ; “ thus shall all die who forget that a captive man is sacred and that a captive king doubly represents the lord . ” did not understand him , giving way to his anger , “ monsieur , ” said	97.1154556274414
he , “ you stand a chance of getting <unk> if you <unk> musketeers in this fashion . ” word with him , and i neither ate nor drank . . ” had so eagerly and impatiently waited with open eyes , again dawned . to notice him particularly ; he ’ s an old acquaintance . they gone a quarter of a league when , having killed a kid , he begged jacopo to take it to his comrades , and request them to cook it , and when ready to let him know by firing a gun . my own ears . ” at liberty this evening , ” replied the husband , seriously ; “ she is detained at the louvre this evening by her	117.5800552368164
duties . ” monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” said the cardinal , “ your coolness <unk> me . ” on the stairs of people moving hastily , and half-stifled sobs . , my dear count , that i would not for one moment admit of such a proposition . ” . with the letter he had received , he did not observe that ; but i , whom the strange fashion in which that letter came into the house had placed on my <unk> did not lose a movement of his features . ” we should need clothes and arms . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . that noise ? ” , my dear danglars . ” the luxembourg . ” , the <unk> ,	39.9278450012207
was born at marseilles in <unk> . your service , ” replied the count . jest , ” gravely replied bertuccio , “ and dare not to utter that name again as you have pronounced it . ” told me that you did not love me ; and truly , to speak such words to me would be , on the part of your majesty , too great an ingratitude . shaken and it is to little purpose for devoted hearts to serve the interests of princes . liberty ? the door , to prevent his going out without seeing her , until sleep , which the young can not resist , had overpowered her frame , wearied as she was with watching . . porthos . felt	95.42462921142578
she was lost if she did not come to the assistance of the disconcerted puritan . the duchesse de chevreuse and the duke of buckingham . ” employed the son of such a man ? ” happiness is not in store for me ! ” has granted what i desire . ” determination , read the two letters . ” cried valentine ; “ why did you not bring him close to the gate , so that i could talk to him and <unk> him ? ” from the temple to the mouth , was bleeding <unk> . , cocking his carbine as he went , and in a moment reached the summit of a hill opposite to that on which he had perceived the traveller . the	48.76823806762695
example . guitant , we poor ministers often want men with other qualities besides courage ; we want men of talent . replaced by another functionary , and danglars , wishing to catch sight of his new guardian , approached the door again . villefort , ” cried a beautiful young creature , daughter to the comte de salvieux , and the cherished friend of mademoiselle de saint-méran , “ do try and get up some famous trial while we are at marseilles . educated in a college in the south ; i believe near marseilles . begone ! ” said kitty . athos . borgia first found the two future cardinals ; they were giovanni rospigliosi , who held four of the highest dignities of the holy	194.74171447753906
see , and cæsar spada , one of the noblest and richest of the roman nobility ; both felt the high honor of such a favor from the pope . , then , from our good mother is true ; you have likewise been a victim of that wicked priest . ” gives notice to these gentlemen , ” replied barrois , “ that he will give orders to be carried to the drawing-room . ” the dead at the château d ’ if , and imagining they would not expend much labor on the grave of a prisoner , he calculated on raising the earth with his shoulders , but unfortunately their arrangements at the château frustrated his projects . use of anyone anywhere in the united	118.06433868408203
states and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever . holy spirit will come as a tongue of fire to open the doors of my prison ? ” the count , left the apartment without speaking . , bearing with him the terrible thought that while he was away , his rival would perhaps return and marry mercédès . , ” said the cardinal , sitting down on a fauteuil , “ you have always seemed to me to be a brave and honorable man . ” of escape of the duc de beaufort . ! ” said monte cristo , who grew uneasy at the attention with which julie looked at him . waits , and in an hour	81.3941879272461
i shall be far from you . <unk> hearts fondly united ; let us unite again , not our hearts , which have never been severed , but our courage and our fortunes . talking to m. d ’ avrigny about the death of m. de saint-méran , and that no less surprising , of the countess . repeated bradshaw . in my onward career , before i have attained the goal at which i aim , for all the rest i have reduced to <unk> terms . i see now that it is only your fortune of which you deprive me ; you still leave me the love which i have always enjoyed . ” respect than pleasure at the compliment . at the head of all	114.36124420166016
the available cavalry and infantry and took the road to vendin , leaving the duc de chatillon to await and bring on the rest . , ” said athos ; then in a lower and more gentle voice , he added . . to visit madame de chevreuse ? ” am sure of it , ” continued the host . , he had been taken in at once , and , as we have said , in a very bad state . from vincennes ? ” by <unk> , that porthos was taking his revenge for the defeat of chantilly , when the procurator ’ s wife had proved so <unk> with respect to her purse . that since we last met you have changed your religion .	58.96260070800781
at this second thrust so forcibly made by his strange adversary . street the man had indicated with his finger ; but arriving at four crossroads , he stopped again , visibly embarrassed . on the spot . most graciously welcomed , while eugénie received him with her accustomed coldness . exclaimed the executioner , “ you use that word which sounds ever in my <unk> ‘ assassinated ! ’ i have assassinated , then , and not executed ! exclaimed ; “ the infernal demons ! ” he will perhaps tell us that he has had enough of it . ” i will give my attention to the subject . ” you are thus ! ! ” replied d ’ artagnan , and disappeared . spanish war	116.79177856445312
, at perpignan , where fernand had left her ; she was attending to the education of her son . ” , ” cried danglars , endeavoring to parry the blow . board saw this person approach , he left his station by the pilot , and , hat in hand , leaned over the ship ’ s bulwarks . end ! ” bearing , pricked by danglars , as the bull is by the <unk> , was about to rush out ; for he had risen from his seat , and seemed to be collecting himself to dash headlong upon his rival , when mercédès , smiling and graceful , lifted up her lovely head , and looked at them with her clear and bright eyes .	93.22123718261719
héloïse de villefort . ” ? ” said d ’ artagnan , looking at aramis as he had looked at athos . is she ! ” aramis . said athos . explicit , ” said the governor . asked mousqueton . so any longer ? ” be free ! ” ’ clock . , during which louis xviii . more of the cardinal ’ s guards , no more de <unk> , nor other bloodhounds . <unk> knows that i estimated them at their real value , and that they are not high in my <unk> on principle . cough , stretch out your arm . ” complacent husband , my dear monsieur bonacieux , ” said the cardinal . and as he was very avaricious , he	48.55278396606445
was in an excellent humor . him and saw a man carrying off teresa , as nessus , the <unk> , carried <unk> . ” murmured the voice ; “ at that age he can not be a traitor . ” that if in the depths of the heart there is a sentiment more tender , it reaches then , quite naturally , the highest <unk> of which it is capable . refusing if the office they required of me should seem unjust . madame ? baron , ” said albert , “ you are not <unk> <unk> in a <unk> like you ! ” this , ” said the two musketeers , with one voice . friends of his own sex , a woman , strange to	72.05846405029297
say , had remembered him . am your nephew , you will think twice about it , now that i have learned some things of which i was ignorant a year ago . ” ” said the count , looking at franz with the earnestness usual to him ; “ and what may it be ? ” and his adversary fired on each other and d ’ artagnan turned to him . everything forgotten or unperceived before presented itself now to his recollection . the lackey , “ say nothing about it , monsieur ; it is a frightful trick of the husband of our duchess ! ” say that i am tired of a shepherd ’ s life , ’ was vampa ’ s reply . the	68.20169067382812
step you are taking . ” , then , who examined you , —the king ’ s attorney , his deputy , or a magistrate ? ” and meet him . ” you not to leave me ? ” sir , you will allow , ” replied madame danglars , “ that , even if the fault were alone mine , i last night received a severe punishment for it . ” monsieur , ” said d ’ artagnan , bowing again , “ a courtesy , for which , i assure you , i am very grateful . ” but—— ” monsieur , ” said monte cristo . returned the englishman , “ that a fresh and unmerited misfortune has overwhelmed you , and this only increases	45.313480377197266
my desire to serve you . ” a visit in my cell , my young friend , ” said he , “ i will show you an entire work , the fruits of the thoughts and reflections of my whole life ; many of them meditated over in the shades of the colosseum at rome , at the foot of st. mark ’ s column at venice , and on the borders of the <unk> at florence , little imagining at the time that they would be arranged in order within the walls of the château d ’ if . ” understand by what we said ? ” of the inside one . a conversation with an iron door ; such was the count ’ s “ yes	64.02936553955078
. ” it is time to start ; the signature was indeed fixed to take place at nine o ’ clock , but perhaps valentine will not wait for that. ” consequently , morrel , having left the rue meslay at half-past eight by his timepiece , entered the clover-field while the clock of saint-philippe-du-roule was striking eight . fate of the guards who thus possessed his secret ? ” asked dantès of himself . bonacieux , “ your august mistress is a perfidious spaniard , and what the cardinal does is well done . ” asylum of it , similar to that founded by the count of <unk> at palermo . has written to the prince to return in haste from the army . ” , and	113.46283721923828
you poison me ! ” ” said the king in his turn , excited by this sight , “ come , gentlemen , sword in hand ! ” guitant . , monsieur ? at least a week , ” said the patron , “ and then we must run out of our course to come here and take you up again . ” him approach the valet , who drew a small sealed parcel from his pocket , containing a newspaper and a letter . good friend , ” said d ’ artagnan to him , “ i must invite you to deprive yourself , for my sake , of your hat and cloak . ” and said in a low voice , with an expression almost humble	44.94404602050781
: artagnan the elder girded his own sword round his son , kissed him tenderly on both cheeks , and gave him his benediction . had not eaten or drunk for four-and-twenty hours . , obeyed in silence ; the poor lad had nearly come to the pass of forgetting how to speak . spaniards , never had a penny in his pocket . ” caderousse , wiping his large knife on his apron , “ if i did not like you , do you think i should endure the wretched life you lead me ? take it , then , ” said d ’ artagnan . the count seized his arm , and held him before the window . ” nevertheless ? ” de saint-méran , ”	74.51982116699219
repeated the doctor , “ then madame de saint-méran , —a double fortune to <unk> ” villefort wiped the perspiration from his forehead . ” said monte cristo . , pardon me ! ” cried she , sinking upon the shoulders of milady . . as yet but one of <unk> me hear the other . ” of stone . to anyone better able to inform you on all these points , for i knew him when he was a child , and one day that i fell into his hands , going from <unk> to <unk> , he , fortunately for me , recollected me , and set me free , not only without ransom , but made me a present of a very splendid watch ,	72.79360961914062
and related his history to me . ” filled with kourchid ’ s troops ; that is to say , with our enemies . , on the honor of a gentleman . ” athos ; “ don ’ t let us drink wine which comes from an unknown source . ” , my lord , ” said rochefort , with a smile . cavalier shut up with her , ” said athos , “ but as notwithstanding the noise , this cavalier did not show himself , it is to be presumed that he is a coward . ” you call such an action ? ” of musketeers , very poor , and journeys cost money . i beg of you . ” whatever ? ” the musket	46.666015625
with you . ” eyes solemnly upward . project gutenberg literary archive foundation and how your efforts and donations can help , see sections 3 and 4 and the foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org . charge monsieur de séguier , the keeper of the seals , with this mission . lord is stretched over him , ” said felton ; “ he will not escape the chastisement he deserves . ” for ever since you were deputed by me to arrest the duc de beaufort , this officer and i have been on bad terms . down again . mme . ” cried the four companions , with one voice , “ we would allow ourselves to be cut to pieces in your majesty ’ s service .	86.60025787353516
” he , “ edmond dantès . ” ? ” despair on the journey ? , when a certain degree of vigor and intelligence is employed ; as for myself , brought up in the mountains , i had a double motive for fearing the gendarmes and custom-house officers , as my appearance before the judges would cause an inquiry , and an inquiry always looks back into the past . asked for , ” he said , “ and what i promised to give you . ” will keep his word with me ? ” who had arms to lend to those who had none . room , he plays at tennis at the <unk> ? ” and that i see him staggering and hear him <unk>	93.49960327148438
, ” said planchet , in a piteous tone , “ but at all events we shall soon know the real state of things , for i imagine that those lofty walls , now turning ruby in the setting sun , are the walls of blois . ” in vain to restore the use of his limbs . at and kissing the sweet girl . take ? ” right , m. procureur ; you must go farther back . ” , consisting of an immense <unk> , two pavilions at the bottom of the garden , and the garden itself , had been purchased by emmanuel , who had seen at a glance that he could make of it a profitable speculation . friend ! ” said aramis	78.15343475341797
, “ you will find meagre fare ; you were not expected . ” countenances of luigi and teresa their steadfast resolution not to surrender him , and he drew from his pocket a purse full of gold , which he offered to them . , is it not ? ” , gentlemen , you have settled accounts with somebody ! had come for him to take the upper hand . these feat by heart yonder , down at pierrefonds , and i have done all that he did except breaking a cord by the <unk> of my temples . ” , in order to satisfy his conscience . expressed complete stupefaction . sit up for me ? ” look at him well , that his face may	94.58050537109375
not be forgotten , for this evening he is going to render us a great service . ” ” cried danglars , “ this fellow is more like an ogre than anything else ; however , i am rather too old and tough to be very good eating ! ” infamy , ” replied milady . ! it was necessary we should hear ; besides , i don ’ t prevent you from listening , but i must be gone . ” this precaution on the part of the bandit , went before teresa , and continued to advance with the same firm and easy step as before . heaven , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that i shall embrace him , since he ’ s	59.261634826660156
upon our road ; and if he is so unfortunate as to lose our dear athos , from that very day he becomes my son . ” a <unk> the hand of franz had come in contact with that of the mysterious individual before him , and unconsciously he shuddered at its touch , for it felt cold and icy as that of a corpse . have lost , believe me , my dear d ’ artagnan . ; and to marry mademoiselle danglars would be awful . ” and live happily and long . the service you have rendered me in being my seconds . what you told me ? ” asked valentine . for m. laporte in order to be reconducted to the louvre , should	84.06017303466797
be running about the streets of paris at half past eleven at night , at the risk of being abducted a second time ? am listening ; conceal nothing , gloss over nothing . the king ’ s service . ” sad one , sir , ” said caderousse , shaking his head ; “ perhaps you know all the earlier part of it ? ” ; and milady saw him appear , pale as usual , but with his eye inflamed and almost wild . pleasure another time , ” said the countess ; “ you promise that ? ” another trial ; he was to find out whether he could recognize himself , as he had not seen his own face for fourteen years . circumstance	69.81062316894531
to <unk> the women . morrel , that he was a more unhappy lover than you . ” <unk> as i had been , i became revengeful , cunning , and wicked , or rather , immovable as fate . some signals only addressed to you . ” have been very prompt . for a fowl ? ” look ? ” asked porthos , who , perceiving that d ’ artagnan had allowed the conversation to drop , profited by it to put in a word or two . , ” said grimaud . as you are able , only make haste ; think , my dear girl , it ’ s life and death ! ” in the deepest despair at the blow which deprived her of	71.05813598632812
edmond . were good , they caught fish ; and so long as they sold their fish , they were able to buy <unk> for new nets . ” said she . . pretense be admitted into france as an ambassador ; he wished to enter it as a conqueror . by her side , and she uttered a deep groan , at the same time looking towards the count as if to ask if he were satisfied with her obedience to his commands . , <unk> of the hand , and embraces ; there was no end to the inextinguishable laughter at the rochellais . enough to enable a friendship of twenty years to overcome an affront of a quarter of an hour . i shall set	102.63993072509766
out for la rochelle with the army ; but on the eve of my departure a vessel which i shall see depart will take you hence and convey you to our colonies in the south . — “ still my unknown protector ! not at this moment at least . ” either to kill you , or to be killed myself without a cause . different and more serious matter , ” responded the abbé . from friendship , having but one affection , which could not be mixed up with her ordinary pursuits , she thought of <unk> no one but herself . had waited only for this demonstration to burst out , all the sentiments of hostility that possessed it <unk> simultaneously . papers under his	144.7492218017578
arm and hat in hand , directed his steps toward the apartment of his wife . called to the host and announced that a wounded man was about to be brought to his house and begged him in the meantime to prepare everything needful . the time of cardinal richelieu , who would have closed the ports on bare suspicion . ” come as rapidly to paris as possible , to inform your majesty that i have discovered , in the exercise of my duties , not a commonplace and insignificant plot , such as is every day got up in the lower ranks of the people and in the army , but an actual <unk> storm which menaces no less than your majesty ’ s throne .	117.76151275634766
and the most <unk> companion imaginable . , and so much the better ! ” to-day . ” the man who had called out in such a furious manner , “ put in your head ! ” but this was not the time for recrimination , so he assumed his most agreeable manner and said with a gracious smile : ” said d ’ artagnan , “ who <unk> the wine ? if you obtain the reprieve ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ you did not really wish to kill ; you only wished to imprison him . ” hall when he glanced at the whole body of magistrates and assistants ; his eye rested longer on the president , and still more so on the king	68.82939147949219
’ s attorney . franz , “ he is still more mysterious , since the two accounts do not agree . ” man . ! ” ” said mousqueton , “ but in a very ill humor . here ; i simply told them where you were . at last said the queen , “ now that we are alone , repeat your counsel , monsieur le coadjuteur . ” ? ” s nothing ! bag are with him ? wish me to send to you ? ” him very well ; and i also believe that he has not a very warm affection for his sister-in-law . ” ” said caderousse very uneasily . been stopped for a minute , resumed its way , passed through the	52.84442138671875
crowd , threaded the rue st. honoré , turned into the rue des bons enfants , and stopped before a low door . , is no longer queen , my child . keeps a confectioner ’ s shop in the rue des lombards , for he ’ s a lad who was always fond of sweetmeats ; he ’ s now a citizen of paris . may die of hunger , ” said aramis . know . , monseigneur , because it <unk> with <unk> [ minister ] . d ’ artagnan . ” uniform <unk> was not <unk> at that epoch of less liberty but more <unk> a <unk> doublet , a little faded and worn , and over this a magnificent baldric , worked in gold	123.00457000732422
, which shone like water <unk> in the sun . and raised his eyes to heaven ; then leaping down from his bed he went to the window , and pulling aside the curtain tried to distinguish the figures outside , but in vain . action which left no doubt as to the nature of this conversation ; this was a blow with her fan , applied with such force that the little feminine weapon flew into a thousand pieces . with much calmness , his eyes gave forth <unk> of extraordinary ferocity . better in the grottos ? ” the fight , ” resumed the duke , “ i fancied you had about twenty men with you , so i came back with those around me ,	111.97151947021484
tired of always running away , and wishing to draw my sword in my own cause ; but you are only two . ” ” said mme . deprived of reason , yet he was meditating . . right . ” husband ? ” of our horses and give me my sword . ” cried buckingham , forgetting everything in thinking from whom that letter came . ’ artagnan , “ i can manage so that her majesty will receive me well ; i know an excellent method . ” ’ t you mean ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , finishing his friend ’ s sentence . which would <unk> beforehand all that i should think proper to do for the greatest good of france . ”	53.184425354003906
port . two words felton drew back quickly , and when lord de winter entered , he was several paces from the prisoner . too much . ” carriage will be here first . ” humble , half gallant attention , went away . , and upon a sign from the cardinal , the officer retired . . ” of my shirts , and ripped out the seams in the sheets of my bed , during my three years ’ imprisonment at fenestrelle ; and when i was removed to the château d ’ if , i managed to bring the <unk> with me , so that i have been able to finish my work here . ” queens have shed tears , like other women . come	79.36536407470703
, but i had so long been prepared for it that my heart did not fail in the least . millions which i paid away ; almost directly afterwards another demand for the same sum was presented to me ; i put this creditor off till tomorrow and i intend leaving today , to escape that tomorrow , which would be rather too unpleasant for me to endure . , and then pass on to the private plans which perhaps had not less influence upon his eminence than the others . frontiers of artois and of flanders . from our own festivities . dine , ” suggested porthos . your name , or remain _incognito_ ? ” asked the captain . arm , but it moved with a	128.451171875
frightful rigidity which could not deceive a <unk> . <unk> and <unk> in the streets find some pitying hand to cast them a mouthful of bread ; and that a man , a christian , should be allowed to perish of hunger in the midst of other men who call themselves christians , is too horrible for belief . the house in which i have met you this evening , i will dare it myself. ’ i really think i must have been frightened . these peaceful proceedings , sheathed their swords <unk> . . ” of my rebellious subjects . gave milady ample matter for reflection ; so seeing that the young officer did not seem at all disposed for conversation , she reclined in her corner	161.8966827392578
of the carriage , and one after the other passed in review all the <unk> which presented themselves to her mind . the prince , handing him a purse , “ here is for rocroy . see the shore from the boat ; they would therefore be less likely to see the boat from the shore . uttered an exclamation , had not a look from monte cristo silenced him . ” said the count ; “ that was the reason of your running away from us . ” a leaden one , because his beard , like that of most fair people , was rather red ; he therefore dyed it thus whilst <unk> it . must again see the body of his unfortunate wife . what	78.92709350585938
crime i have <unk> be tried ; and if i am guilty , to be shot ; if innocent , to be set at liberty . ” yonder ? ” restless , suspicious cardinal think of her <unk> cardinal , not merely her only support , her only prop , her only protector at present , but still further , the principal instrument of her future fortune and vengeance ? in noirtier ’ s eyes ; he was evidently trying to discover the motive of this proceeding , and he could not succeed in doing so . s the landlord of the lamb , and <unk> the <unk> ; they both live in the rue des <unk> . ” ones . captain at <unk> elevated post ; you	117.6653060913086
are about to marry a pretty girl , who loves you ; and these two pieces of good fortune may have excited the envy of someone . ” not , ” replied monte cristo , without even knowing of what or to whom he was speaking , so much was he occupied in watching morrel , who was holding his breath with emotion . resounded on every side , and the drums were beaten in all directions . appearance produced on the mind the impression of a corpse with living eyes , and nothing could be more startling than to observe the expression of anger or joy suddenly lighting up these organs , while the rest of the rigid and <unk> features were utterly deprived of the power	109.10584259033203
of participation . said the count , “ i have still one doubt , —are you weak enough to pride yourself upon your sufferings ? ” the owner to his wife and daughter , “ leave me ; i wish to speak with this gentleman . ” of him ? ” it touched the stone , then clutching the grating with both hands , he murmured : aramis , “ but if we are to get there we must rest our horses , for they are almost <unk> . ” d ’ artagnan , “ let us be off ! ” answered the abbé ; “ i had none but what i made for myself . ” on with his peculiar smile , “ i am here in	41.52510070800781
paris , and have plenty of time before <unk> and by will do for that . ” , ” said aramis , blushing as usual , “ that his ring not coming from a mistress , and consequently not being a love token , d ’ artagnan may sell it . ” five hundred men , did you not ? besides , if they forget , i shall take the liberty of <unk> them . ” madame , i believe your oath . ” moment , the wounded man was not yet dead . door without perceiving he was being followed ; the sand with which the alleys were covered deadened the sound of footsteps . , in a loyal duel , and not in ambush as it	78.43122863769531
might have been reported . wish to know him . . in noirtier ’ s eye an expression of such deep meaning that the young girl thought she could read these words there : “ you are mistaken ; i can still do much for you . ” , then , a fourth companion ? ” lover , he cast on him a look of deep meaning , while fernand , as he slowly paced behind the happy pair , who seemed , in their own unmixed content , to have entirely forgotten that such a being as himself existed , was pale and abstracted ; occasionally , however , a deep flush would overspread his countenance , and a nervous contraction <unk> his features , while ,	117.95866394042969
with an agitated and restless gaze , he would glance in the direction of marseilles , like one who either anticipated or foresaw some great and important event . ” interrupted d ’ artagnan ; “ become a frondist , my friend , belong to the fronde , and remember that i fill the count ’ s place in everything ; ” and he jingled his money . , kitty had thrown the purse into a corner , where it lay open , <unk> three or four gold pieces on the carpet . , ” answered athos . in this alliance with m. de villefort ; all i seek is happiness . ” ” a reverie that her eyes gradually closed . to pay with , brute ?	105.05747985839844
” said danglars , enraged . leave without the promise of seeing valentine again the next night . edward ; speak to your <unk> your dear eyes and look on me once again ! ” nothing better . like a defeated man , heaved a sigh that was like a groan , and then suddenly looking her full in the face , with clenched teeth and expanded nostrils , said , — “ but if he is <unk> ” , ” said the count , springing lightly up the three steps of the portico ; “ and the notary ? ” do then ? ” you ? ” replied the swiss . he will <unk> ” which might be regretted even by a philosopher . lovers he had	85.88191986083984
anticipated after the return of madame de saint-méran and the death of the marquis , that something would occur at m. de villefort ’ s in connection with his attachment for valentine . across m. de boville ’ s countenance , yet he made an effort at self-control , and said : to do with you ? ” said the captain . time they had reached the thickest part of the forest . is not his element . ” the shore , the yacht only seemed like a small white speck on the horizon . he was occupied in anticipations of the coming scene between himself and the baroness , whose frowning brow , like that of <unk> jove , predicted a storm . might come . ,	74.07933807373047
in the hopes of discovering a door , but everywhere the walls returned a full and flat sound . thing possible ? ” the sailor , “ where are your companions ? terrible accusation has disordered your reason . hold my tongue ! ” replied caderousse ; “ i say i want to know why they should put dantès in prison ; i like dantès ; dantès , your health ! ” and he swallowed another glass of wine . said athos , “ it was hardly worth while to distribute ourselves for twenty fellows armed with pickaxes , <unk> , and shovels . d ’ artagnan , “ would have given me five hundred pistoles in advance . ” sire , it was he ! ” ,	95.10311126708984
no doubt , with an intention of escape ? ” had been entirely withdrawn , a red froth issued from the mouth of the wounded man and a stream of blood <unk> afresh from the wound when he at length drew breath ; then , fixing his eyes upon grimaud with a singular expression , the dying man uttered the last <unk> and expired . thus six or eight years ago . ” <unk> , ” answered andrea , as calmly as possible ; “ then i became a thief , and lately have become an assassin . ” valentine , “ has not the count just told us that all human wisdom is summed up in two words : this man ? ” la valette , what	89.99683380126953
do you say of him ? holy things , my friend . ” <unk> , you know well what i mean . ” that not a <unk> doubt or suspicion lingers in your mind ? ” you permit me to tell you that i do—that is already more happiness than i dared to hope . ” comte de la fere ; i wish to speak with him . ” staircases , upon whose space modern civilization would build a whole house , ascended and descended the office <unk> of paris , who ran after any sort of <unk> from the provinces anxious to be enrolled , and servants in all sorts of liveries , bringing and carrying messages between their masters and m. de tréville . be quiet	111.03569793701172
, i beseech you , ” said broussel . of the incidents of the first journey , and he looked upon everybody he met on the road as an enemy . so that i may assist you if there is any chance . ” indifferent , had not lost one word of this conversation , and his penetrating eye had even read a hidden secret in the embarrassed manner of the secretary . , and we have stayed an hour and a half . herself , milady could not help starting ; and as in pronouncing the last words lord de winter placed his hand upon the arm of his sister , this start did not escape him . of the count ? ” inquired debray ; “	58.587833404541016
he is not much amiss , according to my ideas of good looks . ” to be pleased with his reception . meant , and when i had told her all , — ‘ giovanni , ’ said she , ‘ you should have brought this child with you ; we would have replaced the parents it has lost , have called it benedetto , and then , in consequence of this good action , god would have blessed us. ’ in reply i gave her the half of the linen i had kept in order to reclaim him if we became rich . ” ” said porthos ; “ true , i had forgotten it ! ” nothing before the interests of all . them a visit	93.34973907470703
, listened to their conversation , or rather was present at it , plunged in his accustomed state of apathy . paroxysm of terror , she had raised herself from the sofa , in the next , stronger very likely than the other , she fell down again on the cushions . by musketeers of a very superb appearance , and knowing that these musketeers belong to monsieur de tréville , and were consequently enemies of the cardinal , i thought that you and your friends , while rendering justice to your poor queen , would be pleased to play his eminence an ill turn . ” downstairs , accompanied by peppino . was as easy to see through him as through a crystal . the usual hour	121.45488739013672
, and was conversing on the melancholy event which was to attract the attention of the public towards one of their most illustrious colleagues . man of bad taste , and is still more enchanted with another . ” said porthos . ! the count ; “ six years since i bought a horse in <unk> remarkable for its swiftness . will be , ” said caderousse , “ as surely as dantès will be captain of the <unk> , danglars ? ” <unk> , fernand , and are only at liberty on <unk> , liable at any moment to be called upon to take up arms . to fire on the people if the people approach the palais royal ! ” exclaimed mazarin . the <unk> planchet	78.7239761352539
. sat with his back toward her . be placed in general quesnel ; he was recommended to us from the island of elba ; one of us went to him , and invited him to the rue saint-jacques , where he would find some friends . then ? ” hearing this song , which made him lose sight of andrea in the recollection of benedetto , madame danglars was <unk> to monte cristo of her husband ’ s strength of mind , who that very morning had lost three or four hundred thousand francs by a failure at milan . and <unk> as he was , he burst into a laugh which was quite excused by the strange masquerade before his <unk> falling over his shoes ,	80.28968048095703
sleeves <unk> up , and mustaches stiff with agitation . ” his eye . which he recommends you to me ? ” letter from oliver cromwell ? ” said mazarin . ” replied the duke . d ’ artagnan ’ s . ” you are a connoisseur , i believe , let me have your opinion upon them . ” described had taken place within a half hour . the story now ? ” just picked up . ” that as long as you do me the honor to remain in my house i shall never speak to you about <unk> ” toward her . , valentine , you must not be alarmed . write to the major to demand papers , and here they are . the	49.933265686035156
part of monte cristo , whose lips turned pale , but who preserved his ceremonious smile , andrea seized the count ’ s hand , pressed it , jumped into his phaeton , and disappeared . enter , as they might have left some turnkey to watch the dead . cried danglars . so ? ” said andrea , “ that isn ’ t a bad idea . ” odd that a princess should live in the rue aux ours . ” till daylight , and then left without calling anyone . ” said the abbé ; “ we have some hours before <unk> is now just a quarter past twelve o ’ <unk> ” instinctively dantès turned round to observe by what watch or clock the abbé	84.0611343383789
had been able so accurately to specify the hour . the love you once bore me ! ” ? ” asked aramis . showed by its expression that he was not deceived by the false assent given by madame de villefort ’ s words and manner to the motives which she supposed him to entertain . face of the countess , as it was covered with a thin veil she had put on her head , and which fell over her features in misty folds , but it seemed to him as though her voice had altered . events which decide the life of a man ; it was a choice between the king and the <unk> choice made , it must be persisted in . came in	94.2368392944336
. implied or appeared to imply , the <unk> of all the persons concerned in this <unk> affair , had been preceded by a scene to which our readers must be admitted . very badly . ” lower the blinds of the royal carriage , but the young king stretched out his arm , saying : epistle , and opened it eagerly . like you , considered himself the <unk> of men . ” ? ” only sustained by hope , lost all hope at napoleon ’ s downfall . open on ? ” everything will come to us when wanted . champs-élysées there resides a very rich gentleman . ” the day before , they lost sight of him at the corner of the rue coq-héron .	120.16188049316406
” remarking that they were much slower than the beatings of her heart ; and still she doubted , —the inoffensive valentine could not imagine that anyone should desire her death . and she found him so altered that she was even more anxious than before to have him taken to her own home . if you were left alone , and nobody interrupted you . ” should i regret what gives you pleasure ? ” sends this carriage . ” ; even if the powerful voice of nature should be silent , you can not well mistake him ; he will enter by this door . subject to the investigation of the cardinal ; a family affair concerned nobody . artagnan , ” replied aramis , “	100.53668975830078
you understand , when i was a musketeer i mounted guard as seldom as i could ; now when i am an abbé i say as few masses as i can . francs out of my cash <unk> more ! ” replied haydée , “ i never will leave you , for i am sure i could not exist without you . ” artagnan thinking , that he <unk> thus from his path , gazing at the stars of heaven , and sometimes sighing , sometimes smiling ? you dug your way a distance of fifty feet to get here ? ” signal : ‘ jesus seigneur ! ’ ” and he went out as he came in , whistling the <unk> air . edmond ? at compiègne	111.81705474853516
, well remembered by those who have ever been there . ” said caderousse , “ or i shall be unable to sign it . ” monseigneur le cardinal <unk> : <unk> ; they had proposed his going with them to france , but he had straightway declined . despair , ” said fernand . own apartment anne fell into a chair and wept ; then suddenly struck with an idea : him , tell me ! ” to be a churchman , pray ? the staircase and was waiting on the last step ; so springing into the room he motioned the host to leave it . broad daylight , warn your foe before an attack , and never attempt anything by night lest you should be	118.03360748291016
accused of taking advantage of the darkness . ” people were uttering imprecations , whilst the persons who had attempted to escape were made <unk> is to say , an old man and two women . and on what an occasion ! the door , opened it , looked in the corridor , and then returned and seated herself close to mme . started in every direction over england and europe to announce that charles stuart was the prisoner of oliver cromwell . substitute cunning for force . have said , the iron gate leading into the kitchen-garden had been closed up and left to the rust , which bade fair before long to eat off its hinges , while to prevent the ignoble glances of the <unk>	154.67823791503906
and <unk> of the ground from presuming to sully the aristocratic enclosure belonging to the mansion , the gate had been boarded up to a height of six feet . watching his flock . . ” of his hearing ; at the slightest sound he rose and hastened to the door , convinced they were about to <unk> him , but the sound died away , and dantès sank again into his seat . could say , ‘ these two children of a cruel and persecuting king , who have inherited the vices of their father , which i alone could perceive in their juvenile <unk> two children are impediments in my way of promoting the happiness of the english people , whose unhappiness they ( the children	151.95042419433594
) would infallibly have <unk> ’ thus was lady <unk> served by her conscience , when she sought to give her son , and not her husband ( whatever shakespeare may say ) , a throne . strokes from its sonorous jaws . on , a cavalier in full gallop was seen approaching . repugnance to accept me as your guardian in the interim . ” not have let slip an opportunity of drinking a glass of this liqueur , and at the same time leaving some trace of himself . ” seemed to be animated with almost human intelligence , so promptly did it obey the slightest touch ; and dantès required but a short trial of his beautiful craft to acknowledge that the genoese had not	207.63150024414062
without reason attained their high reputation in the art of <unk> . holsters , that velvet <unk> , that saddle studded with <unk> they all for me ? ” pretty woods which almost touch the convent garden . ” of milady , ” said athos to d ’ artagnan . in all cases to know that , whether acting for or against him , as a friend or an enemy , she would not remain motionless without great impediments ; but whence did these impediments arise ? , ” said albert , turning round ; “ will you allow me , captain ? ” , ” said the young man , “ i have unhappily spent too much of your money not to know the value of it	91.73777770996094
. do not know that we can see them , and they are actually embracing ! ” , athos ? la ramee . sir , ” said mousqueton . you were about to read , monsieur aramis , and which you so promptly concealed ? ” the inn ; you will meanwhile proceed on foot to the harbor . cast on barrois showed that there was something wanting which he knew where to find . help of his two hands he lifted himself from the bench , and found himself on his feet . are going to his house . ” if the memory of my brother were not sacred to me , you should rot in a state dungeon or satisfy the curiosity of sailors at tyburn	88.61904907226562
. letter , went hastily down the mountain , leaped on his horse and set out at a gallop . it ? ” danglars , “ he is not one yet . ” come here . ” i am quite sure that after turning out all my pockets and emptying my drawers i shall not find ten louis at home . doctor ! ” d ’ artagnan , “ i threaten simply and solely because i am obliged to do so . great lady she would have fainted ; but as she was only a procurator ’ s wife , she contented herself saying to the musketeer with concentrated fury , “ eh , monsieur porthos , you don ’ t offer me any holy water ? ”	62.91734313964844
are not poisoned . which i can not understand , to procure impossibilities , these are the study of my life . them off , ” said de rochefort , “ and the reason was , that though he had bitter enemies he possessed also true friends . rather , had placed her lips so near the fence , that they nearly touched those of morrel , which were pressed against the other side of the cold and inexorable barrier . to my question , ” replied the inspector impatiently . ; he bowed and went out . , my brave fellow ? ” said athos . other , ” said the duke . great liar . tools ? ” ” replied the count ; “ it was	59.97140121459961
a little surprise prepared for me by my steward , and cost <unk> , somewhere about 30,000 francs . ” in the general terms of use part of this license , apply to copying and distributing project gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the project gutenberg™ concept and trademark . ? ” asked the young girl . . fire ! ” thought it better not to notice him , as he looked so angry and discomposed . me ! ’ said i . enemy . ” hunger and infidelity ! ” and a bitter laugh escaped the count . given up poetry , except now and then to write a drinking song , some gay <unk> or some innocent <unk> ; i compose sermons , my friend . ”	123.67303466796875
his study , and pointing to a seat , placed another for himself . ’ s no need of so much <unk> . . , because you are as conversant with my affairs as i am ; indeed , i think you understand them better , since i am ignorant of what has become of a considerable portion of my fortune , once very tolerable , while i am sure , madame , that you know perfectly well . franz . key with you ; you are active , vigorous , and you have arms . door of the house . ’ art ... . <unk> february . ” . ” her in your power , why did you not drown her , strangle her , hang her	63.10377883911133
? ” said porthos . ” , have believed that he had returned to the times of <unk> , and would have declared , on reaching paris , that he had met an <unk> <unk> seated at the foot of the sabine hill . in behalf of the queen , of the ornaments , of the journey you made with three of your friends . ” son ! ” said the count . lost in a thicket of shrubs , in the midst of its most melodious <unk> had <unk> low and lower into stillness and fallen asleep . the goodness to tell me , in the first place , what crimes are imputed to me , i will then tell him the deeds i have really done	82.48352813720703
. ” you lose your balance , and we shall both be dashed to pieces . ” , ” continued beauchamp , “ to tell you , albert , that in this changing age , the faults of a father can not revert upon his children . seen madame de saint-méran ? ” him the cause of my refusal , ” replied dantès , “ and i hope he fully understood it . ” delightful one . ” my duties will afford me a little liberty , and i will take advantage of it to come and put things in order here , as they must necessarily be much deranged . ” aramis , “ tell me a little what you do fear . ” him , ”	62.201358795166016
cried the wounded man , “ if he still lives ; warn his friends , too . could not have become more ghastly pale . cold seized on him , and when he reached the farther bank he found himself <unk> . of <unk> justice , silent and sure , without respite or appeal , which condemns or pardons , and which no one sees . concise and eloquent . their posts . at the convent of jesuits ; from six in the morning to eight at night come by the door . saw mme . a sentinel and there was also a guard placed in the courtyard , ready to obey the orders of the prince de conti ’ s lieutenant . saint peter ’ s ?	109.86723327636719
” asked the _cicerone_ . your mind when you shall be there yourself ? ” ’ artagnan ’ s hand , and said to him : “ you are an honest youth ; but at the present moment i can only do for you that which i just now offered . ” orders i received to conduct you safe and sound to his highness the prince ! was to go over to the english . the navy and i have some vague notions about navigation . ” two young noblemen , richly clad , promised everything they required , and our two cavaliers , after seeing that preparations for the reception were actually begun , started off again and proceeded rapidly toward greney . a table in his	110.5280532836914
bedchamber , writing orders with his own hand . the details of the first night , and with a beating heart and a brain on fire he re-entered the hôtel and flew toward kitty ’ s chamber . ere you would find so <unk> a post as that you have now the good fortune to fill . was very easy ; for milady , doubtless to conceal her blushes from her lover , had ordered kitty to extinguish all the lights in the apartment , and even in the little chamber itself . my head is clear , but this demon , the gout , o ’ <unk> me . of the people . chair , took the pen and signed . d ’ avrigny to villefort ,	95.02940368652344
“ call mademoiselle valentine ’ s maid , if you please . ” , while the young girl , seated at the foot of a huge pine that stood in the centre of the forest , made a veil of her picturesque <unk> to hide her face from the <unk> gaze of the bandits . with the queen in a gilded chariot . , so strong was the excitement produced by the arrival of athos , whose wound , though kept as a secret , was known to all . that you know so much of these matters ? ” to ask of me , my lord ? ” said rochefort . , believing that he heard someone calling him . time to learn to draw it only	69.96971893310547
when it ought to be used . ” he is not with us ; he left paris more than six weeks ago and is believed to have gone on a mission to england . ” it were that ! ” inquired caderousse . was now at an end ; his singular host evidently resided at rome . ? ” guilt , he was protected by his grief . monte cristo , “ is less correct than your philosophy , —it is only faith . ” nothing in your own name ? ” like that of an enemy ? ” queen remained standing near the hangings , whilst d ’ artagnan glided behind the curtains . <unk> for some days ; still , the idea of seeing our dear	80.78045654296875
valentine again inspired him with courage , and notwithstanding his illness he would leave . i owe thee . another case ; i should be turned off , and lose my pension . ” ” said the queen , “ it would have much astonished me if that low <unk> , with his distorted legs , had not been mixed up with all this . ” porthos , “ who ? ” , a campaign upon which we are now entering ? ” his friends . ” use of one of the means which he always had ready for his friends , that is to say , in the first place , the famous key which was given to certain persons with the request that they go and	70.750732421875
open a designated cupboard . ever on the alert , could alone have discovered them , had gone to devour his apricots upon the <unk> of a house in the square of notre dame . to this queen , deprived of every mark of pomp and stripped of followers , as he felt some <unk> for his own want of heart and his avarice . based on this legend . at least lie down in your clothes . devoted to each other ; but when it becomes a question of serving the cardinal or of fighting him , of being mazarinists or frondists , then we are only two . ” , morrel met penelon , who was going up . under the hand of the young man	150.77613830566406
before the tumult ceased , steps approached , the door was opened , and d ’ artagnan , sword in hand , rushed into the rooms of m. bonacieux , the door of which , doubtless acted upon by a spring , closed after him . carlini ! ’ cried the brigands ; ‘ that is acting like a good fellow ; ’ and they all formed a circle round the fire , while diavolaccio disappeared . courage to return to the gate , saying , as she did so : a scanty supply of garlic , <unk> , and <unk> ; while , <unk> and solitary , like a forgotten sentinel , a tall pine raised its melancholy head in one of the corners of this <unk>	115.462158203125
spot , and displayed its flexible stem and <unk> summit dried and cracked by the fierce heat of the <unk> sun . , ” replied bertuccio . point you desire information , and i will tell all i know ; only , ” added he , with a smile , “ i warn you i know very little . ” my house tonight , and therefore can not possibly remain till the end of the opera . ” to him . buckingham , a corsican who has sworn to avenge himself cares not for distance , so his carriage , fast as it went , was never above half a day ’ s journey before me , who followed him on foot . your puritans <unk> in that	91.15982055664062
color . ” leghorn , where monsieur noirtier awaits his granddaughter , whom he wishes to bless before you lead her to the altar . use to anybody . ” was about to close the gates , but seeing such a handsome equipage he fancied that it was some visit of importance and the carriage was allowed to pass and to stop beneath the porch . said nothing . , ” said monte cristo with a frown , “ that , when i desired you to purchase for me the finest pair of horses to be found in paris , there is another pair , fully as fine as mine , not in my stables ? ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . ? ” ready ?	78.39578247070312
” am <unk> me ! d ’ artagnan , ” said the commissary to the guards . , my lord ; i merely await your commands . ” the seine with us and follow us to the door of the carmelite convent in the rue saint jacques . ” asked d ’ artagnan . of monte cristo has done for you . ” sir , most welcome ! ” repeated the astonished caderousse . purpose was spacious and lighted by a number of windows , over each of which was written in golden letters for some <unk> reason the name of one of the principal cities of france ; beneath these windows a wooden balcony extended the entire length of the house . and struggle lasted about twenty	79.47295379638672
seconds , then the count raised his pallid face . though you prayed that a physician might only be called upon to prescribe for <unk> , <unk> , and the <unk> of <unk> , or any other slight affection of the <unk> . d ’ artagnan felt his heart dilated and compressed by that delicious spasm which tortures and caresses the hearts of lovers . had no hope but in buckingham . to mazarin the handsomest room in the chateau . steal children , are not at all in <unk> in this part of the world , and would not be believed . you will do so , for you are recommended to a young general who is very fond of <unk> that in single combat , which	105.51293182373047
often takes place in the cavalry , never to fire the first shot . in the midst of the most profound silence read : get drunk again , d ’ artagnan ; it is too bad a habit . ” her brother-in-law . ” what are your conditions ? ” i am coming to it . ” held this rank , and expected promotion on the first vacancy . produced and distributed project gutenberg™ ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support . simple question ; answer it ; —that is all i require . ” no , count , ” cried maximilian , seizing the count ’ s hands , “ pray laugh ; be happy , and prove to me , by your indifference ,	99.18490600585938
that life is endurable to <unk> . can i do ? said he , “ i think he will not be sorry to inherit his fortune , and he who hastens the day when he can touch his five hundred thousand will not be his worst friend . ” afraid , you idiot ; there is nothing in hand but a party of pleasure . ” in a direction in which a small vessel was making sail towards the southern point of corsica . d ’ artagnan , “ the man i am warned against by athos . ” moments , and had heard the last words of the visitor . ” replied franz , “ i am glad of this opportunity to tell you , once and	63.219398498535156
forever , that you entertain a most <unk> notion concerning italian women . , you are right ; and if i have sworn to revenge myself , it is not on the french captain , or the count of morcerf , but on the fisherman fernand , the husband of mercédès the catalane . ” thinking about ? ” indeed ; we should be hard to please if we were not . ” said the major , “ she <unk> ” man at all , monsieur , and i am afraid of the bastille . ” the circumstance of my having bought her one day , as i was passing through the market at constantinople . ” , ” said athos . with astonishment . hastened to obey	58.17219161987305
the count ’ s summons , went forth from his master ’ s presence in charmed amazement at the unusual animation and pleasure depicted on features ordinarily so stern and cold ; while , as though dreading to put to flight the agreeable ideas hovering over his patron ’ s meditations , whatever they were , the faithful nubian walked on tiptoe towards the door , holding his breath , lest its faintest sound should <unk> his master ’ s happy reverie . the owner of the project gutenberg™ trademark , but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation . for you outside ? ” , sir , ” said danglars ; “ i relate , and i will	129.4019775390625
repeat before the count what i have said to you . ” twenty feet , so as to be on a level with the window , it had two lower stories . d ’ artagnan , “ they ’ re coming toward us . ” be poor and inexperienced , not if he be rich and skilful ; besides , the worst that could happen to him would be the punishment of which we have already spoken , and which the philanthropic french revolution has substituted for being torn to pieces by horses or broken on the wheel . took their way together toward the inn , olivain , according to the custom of <unk> well pleased with their place , relating to the <unk> all that he	117.61212921142578
could say in favor of the young gentleman ; whilst raoul wrote on thus : you ? ” valentine smiled sadly . her shoulders ? ” ” was asked a second time . understood that morrel , with the same expression in his eyes , placed his handkerchief to his mouth ; and these two living statues , whose hearts beat so violently under their marble aspect , separated from each other by the whole length of the room , forgot themselves for a moment , or rather forgot the world in their mutual contemplation . ” and more gloomy than the first ; the air that could only enter by the newly formed opening had the mephitic smell dantès was surprised not to find in the outer	128.20884704589844
cavern . service , madame , ” replied lucien coldly . d ’ artagnan ; “ all this is vague enough . ” continued the stranger , more calm than ever ; “ well , that is perfectly right ! ” and turning on his heel , was about to re-enter the hostelry by the front gate , beneath which d ’ artagnan on arriving had observed a saddled horse . ! ” so ? from m. de morcerf ’ s ? ” asked monte cristo . . no intelligence of her . this discovery was so great she could not conceal it . . that he had no straw left for himself . groslow ; “ on account of political opinions ? own i am sorry to	64.0274429321289
be obliged to give up the cart and the group of <unk> would have produced such an effect ! they will ; besides , how will they know that we are doing it ? ” king ’ s musketeers ? ” health is but indifferent . you now to repeat how much affection for you i still cherish . it was the hat and cloak belonging to monsieur de gondy ’ s coachman . , it ’ s your opinion that monsieur de beaufort will escape ? ” ” asked the queen . and looked aghast at each other . ” said dantès , wiping his brow with his sleeve . indebted to you to refuse your first request . de salvieux that i would like to see	59.2501335144043
him . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but that is of no consequence , i can take one of monsieur de tréville ’ s . ” ; and with the exception of a file , i have all that are necessary , —a chisel , pincers , and lever . ” it is well to be certain . ” here , sir , and i have deposited her in charge of charlotte , who , till better advice comes , has bathed the foot in cold <unk> . ” which said , “ is that all ? <unk> , then. ” and then accompanying the glance with <unk> words , “ that is but too just , ” said she , tenderly . .	65.95187377929688
” sign in the affirmative . believe that it was apoplexy , ” said beauchamp . to help , and as she appeared to be oppressed by her clothes , he ripped them open with his poniard , and in so doing laid bare her shoulder . one bed , were awakened by the noise , and fixing their eyes upon the spot whence the sound proceeded , they saw a man . season ? ” spanish ? ” if m. danglars is guilty , he shall cease to live , or i shall die . now , ” said the executioner ; “ you were one of the four grooms . ” the salon , than he assumed the grave air of a man who holds the	83.4044189453125
balance of life and death in his hands . of god that it should be so and this it is which makes it all so awful , ” continued grimaud . , monsieur , we will duly respect your conscience . ” his english , masters of the isle of ré , continued to besiege , but without success , the citadel st. martin and the fort of la prée ; and hostilities with la rochelle had commenced , two or three days before , about a fort which the duc d ’ angoulême had caused to be constructed near the city . , ere the boy , though still pale as marble , opened his eyes , and eagerly gazed around him . that ? ” your	111.60499572753906
majesty commands , ” replied d ’ artagnan . use to you ? ” good ! obey her she looked upon it as a declaration of war , and as she considers you a man of superior talent , and consequently dangerous , she desired me to make sure of you ; that is the reason of your being shut up in the bastile . . was in his element ; and , unwilling to interfere with the pleasure he so evidently felt , took up albert ’ s glass , and began in his turn to survey the audience . kitty , “ for whom have i exposed myself to all that ? ” again , undulating like a stormy sea , and the king imagined that	73.21241760253906
he saw shining in the midst of this living wave the bright eyes of athos . right to say that vengeance is the pleasure of the gods . poor vulture , which has been very much indisposed since that dinner , suddenly feels very giddy while flying aloft in the clouds , and falls heavily into a fish-pond . said d ’ artagnan , seizing the letter . of all your misfortunes ; but why do you pity , instead of <unk> me ? books we read with this object would fill a whole chapter , which , although it might be very <unk> , would certainly afford our readers but little amusement . wine . ” that youthfulness , that beauty , that weakness ? ; excuse	145.64305114746094
me , but , as you will see , i only tell you what is absolutely necessary . weapon ; and besides , i am on my guard . that if he had seen it , he attached so little importance to this scrap of paper , and so much importance to his two hundred thousand francs , that he would not have opposed whatever the englishman might do , however irregular it might be . veneration for the cardinal , ” continued he , “ and the most profound respect for his actions . you , monsieur , ” continued the countess ; “ i would not have our gratitude become indiscreet or importunate . ” be no confusion , franz wore his peasant ’ s costume	71.4007339477539
. last long . in the house was extinguished , and it might have been thought that all its inmates slept . reckoned upon putting <unk> into his pocket . its ordinary state of calmness , only an unusual fire beamed from his eyes , like the effects of a fever ; his brow was more pale than it generally was ; his teeth were clenched , and his speech had a short dry accent which indicated that something dark was at work within him . monte cristo , slightly shrugging his shoulders ; “ otherwise i would not fight with m. de morcerf . to part with the horses ? ” assassinating , or causing to be assassinated , the duke of buckingham . ” , we	109.8222885131836
very well know , but she had faith in the genius of <unk> immense sovereignty which reigns in all the details of human life , and by which , as in the arabian fable , a single pomegranate <unk> is sufficient to reconstruct a ruined world . met has been a long and narrow boat , manned by six or eight men , who have surprised and plundered it , some dark and stormy night , near some desert and gloomy island , as bandits plunder a carriage in the recesses of a forest . ” ” said the voice . he said , with his cunning smile , “ to prevent them from being ungrateful to me . ” then , turning to monte cristo , said	103.0611572265625
, “ m . nothing more to say . the fashionable world , always ordered , measured , ruled , like our <unk> . you will be hung ! ” said milady , with a last doubt . to be sure , kitty , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ be at ease , my girl . that projected from a <unk> door , he tied the animal safely and having drawn a red cotton handkerchief , from his pocket , wiped away the perspiration that streamed from his brow , then , advancing to the door , struck thrice with the end of his <unk> stick . check , the bond , and the heap of bank-notes . i am well ; that you found me	80.4009780883789
sad , but resigned . ” <unk> ? ” had many years before thought it best to confine themselves to the possession of the house itself , with its thickly planted courtyard , opening into the faubourg saint-honoré , and to the garden shut in by this gate , which formerly communicated with a fine kitchen-garden of about an acre . monte cristo . mount the scaffold of my brother , louis <unk> , than thus descend the staircase at the tuileries driven away by ridicule . straw than <unk> up a thousand a year by being governor of the bastile . ” betrayed , dug her nails into her flesh to subdue every emotion that might give to her face any expression except agony . his vengeance	233.6562957763672
by a long and <unk> path , he saw an abyss of doubt yawning before him . know that i do not like worldly pleasures . ” the hour of my deliverance arrives , and that , in all human probability , will be the hour of my death . of fare chapter 116 . men , one after the other , the one <unk> by liquor , the other overwhelmed with love . sir , ” continued eugénie , still quite calm ; “ you are astonished , i see ; for since this little affair began , i have not manifested the slightest opposition , and yet i am always sure , when the opportunity arrives , to oppose a determined and absolute will to people	121.94356536865234
who have not consulted me , and things which displease me . his hand on his heart . ? ” continued gondy , turning to the curate of st. sulpice . count desired me to tell you that he should take advantage of this visit to plead for you and for himself . ” , should like a little <unk> , a cottage down there under the trees , without so many <unk> over my poor body . you think of giving your daughter to him ? ” and i have spoken to god ; last of all i speak to you . ” replied the count ; “ i have sought to make of the human race , taken in the mass , what you practice every	61.02582550048828
day on <unk> physiological study . , indeed . around in the armchair ; a delicious torpor <unk> every vein . . care of the women , while old barrois ran , <unk> , to his master ; for nothing frightens old people so much as when death <unk> its vigilance over them for a moment in order to strike some other old person . , ” he said , “ that of a man who was of feeble mind , yet one whose reign was full of great events ; because over this king watched the spirit of another man , even as this lamp keeps vigil over this coffin and <unk> it . a rock , he saw , a thousand feet beneath him , his	170.62890625
companions , whom jacopo had rejoined , and who were all busy preparing the repast which edmond ’ s skill as a marksman had augmented with a capital dish . looked attentively on the count ; there was an expression on the face of her intrepid protector which commanded her veneration . how to wait ; he had waited fourteen years for his liberty , and now he was free he could wait at least six months or a year for wealth . ” he said , “ that your eminence knew that circumstance better than any <unk> ” at the residence of athos , which always indicated an event of some gravity . the gate of a beautiful park . my sorrow but he ? which d	126.67264556884766
’ artagnan made every effort to read through the first envelope what was written on the second . what rival ? you alone ! ” replied the cardinal , quickly . s name was—— ” morcerf was seen on the steps in a black coat with a military collar , black pantaloons , and black gloves . as i think . ” the duke , “ here i think , is one of my servants who is seeking you . ” at the door through which mazarin had passed , d ’ artagnan tried in vain to open it , but on the powerful shoulder of porthos being applied to one of the panels , which gave way , d ’ artagnan introduced the point of his sword	67.779541015625
between the bolt and the staple of the lock . the mercer ’ s young wife was , but had promised to have her sought for ; but this promise was very vague and did not at all reassure d ’ artagnan . to see you again , ” said he feebly , to dantès . do so ; the pain i gave him must have been atrocious . your house , m. de villefort . ” an hour , ’ was the reply . your turn . s clerks and the subordinates had a great deal to put up with from his ill-humor . circle , but stopped at no one , and at last went to the door and began to scratch and bark . vivid	86.63214111328125
imagination , had already seen the advantage to be derived from his situation . recommended to them by reports of brilliant victories gained by france ; <unk> , however , were not meat and drink , and the people had for some time been in a state of discontent . by resisting longer he should appear selfish in the eyes of athos . me ? ” , madame , ’ said he , wishing , no doubt , to profit by the absence of the husband , so that the latter could not influence the wife ’ s story , to see if the two <unk> <unk> . sorrows and my tortures , i show you today a face which the happiness of revenge makes young <unk> face	112.10801696777344
you must often have seen in your dreams since your marriage with mercédès , my betrothed ! ” tavern , <unk> street . this worthy signor . his travelling carriage , albert , fearing that his expected guest might forget the engagement he had entered into , placed in the care of a waiter at the hotel a card to be delivered to the count of monte cristo , on which , beneath the name of viscount albert de morcerf , he had written in pencil : i shall no longer count the number of times i am indebted to you for my life . ” ” said danglars , tapping his fingers against the door , “ i think it is quite time to think of giving	104.28610229492188
me something to eat ! ” came the next morning to my house , thinking that he had to do with an <unk> all other abbés . ” them be of any service to you ? ” artagnan had often headed the bourgeoisie against the military , but he was cured of all those hot-headed propensities ; besides , he had the cardinal ’ s hundred pistoles in his pocket , so he went into the hotel without a word . the look of a man desiring an explanation . , young man , some flirtation or other . butt end of the musket burst open the lock , two more forced out the bolts , and the broken door fell in . most devoted servant , escaped	99.47553253173828
, it is not my fault , i swear . ” , ” he said . illusions ; but for real love , for true jealousy , is there any reality except illusions and chimeras ? of another . remaining , ” he said . tomorrow evening we leave , and the day after we shall be at tréport . d ’ artagnan ? ” asked lord de winter . , monsieur . ” ! ” served , i often wished to do so , but i had not the time . ” ” murmured d ’ artagnan , “ and to think that we are compelled to leave him ; maybe the same fate awaits us two paces hence . ? ” asked vampa with uneasiness .	59.418392181396484
other <unk> ? ” it , <unk> that it gave some promise of safety . completely that , as a sign of satisfaction , he has sent me , as your majesty may see , to consider with you what reparation should be made to gentlemen unjustly treated and wrongfully persecuted . ” he raised her in his arms and placed her in a chair . ? ” two hundred thousand francs , madame , ” said monte cristo ; “ but that is a trifle , since it enables me to justify myself to you . ” dear sir , ’ said la carconte in her most gracious manner . quite another thing , then . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ should one of them	49.02031326293945
know his majesty and discover but a substitute , all would be lost . ” us corrupted wretches of civilization to find gentlemen like yourself , <unk> , as you are , of immense <unk> least , so it is <unk> i beg you to observe that i do not inquire , i merely repeat ; —it is not usual , i say , for such privileged and wealthy beings to waste their time in speculations on the state of society , in philosophical reveries , intended at best to console those whom fate has <unk> from the goods of this world . ” ” said morrel ; “ my sister is five-and-twenty , my brother-in-law is thirty , they are gay , young , and happy .	167.04261779785156
gathering clouds , and felt no desire to witness the explosion of madame danglars ’ rage , suddenly recollected an appointment , which compelled him to take his leave ; while monte cristo , unwilling by <unk> his stay to destroy the advantages he hoped to obtain , made a farewell bow and departed , leaving danglars to endure the angry reproaches of his wife . in both hands and hear what this gentleman in black is going to say about his sovereign , with full license and privilege . ” . all that for me ! word that you will come too , d ’ artagnan , ” said athos . ? ” guiche are like each other ’ s shadows . ” . to read in	131.10031127929688
the general ’ s face if this was simply a useless question , or whether he knew everything . hair , that the populace may not insult us . of the ante-room myself and i saw you enter at the end of the corridor . ” madame . ” gentlemen , have the kindness to retire into the corners , so as to give us ample room . numbers ? ” between the culprit and the victim i have no choice . ” daylight are twenty leagues distant . ” m. morrel , i shall always have the greatest respect for those who possess the owners ’ confidence . ” what could i say ? ” the duke turned to d ’ artagnan . to see the young	78.6724853515625
man again , and related to him all that had passed on the preceding evening . half-past twelve o ’ clock madame danglars had ordered her horses , and had left home in the carriage . . ” from the eyes of this woman ; and her looks , fixed on the future , beheld nothing but the high fortunes reserved for her by the cardinal , whom she had so successfully served without his name being in any way mixed up with the sanguinary affair . evinced the best intention in the world , but one of the precautions taken at vincennes was that of allowing prisoners to keep no money . . assured that the inheritance had neither profited the borgias nor the family , but	99.98298645019531
had remained <unk> like the treasures of the arabian nights , which slept in the bosom of the earth under the eyes of the <unk> . ! ” retorted la carconte . said d ’ artagnan . desk , he said , striking the letter with the back of his right hand : me , mademoiselle julie ? ” said he . . chevalier ! ” said the cardinal . , ” said kitty ; “ your son was the only heir of his uncle , and until his majority you would have had the enjoyment of his fortune . ” ” de villefort could not drop the curtain which she held like a funeral <unk> over the head of valentine . window , danglars approached his wife	41.574188232421875
. scene , château-renaud , when we saw her , at the most three weeks ago , about to sign that contract ? ” athos , “ are not those fellows <unk> they have arrested yonder ? seen his face at that moment . ” be a musketeer or an abbé . to do so , the contemptible fellow . monte cristo “ it would be quite superfluous for you to tell me , for i already know it . ” said porthos , “ do you think my strain cost me nothing ? —without reckoning mousqueton ’ s wound , for which i had to have the surgeon twice a day , and who charged me double on account of that foolish mousqueton having allowed himself a	101.81058502197266
ball in a part which people generally only show to an <unk> ; so i advised him to try never to get wounded there any more . ” and reading the eyes of the old man , which gleamed with unnatural lustre , — this <unk> , and almost pleased at being wounded , for they were rude lessons which taught him with what eye he could view danger , and with what endurance he could bear suffering . nevertheless . ” d ’ artagnan , “ there was certainly one with aramis . for the blood had become rust ; after a momentary examination during which the queen became as white as the cloth which covered the altar on which she was leaning , he put it	150.64382934570312
back into the coffer with an involuntary shudder . had left its mark on grimaud . answered d ’ artagnan , laughing , “ if he only said that , it did not enlighten you much . ” the <unk> that you see at the other end of the <unk> . ” appeared . the escort and went to the queen ’ s carriage . look very gloomy , madame . ” could ! the garden a second time , the count re-entered his carriage , while bertuccio , who perceived the thoughtful expression of his master ’ s features , took his seat beside the driver without uttering a word . misfortune , ” said de winter , “ and i shall begin to think that we	50.54071807861328
are really doomed . ” is an abbé . ” i . go well ; m. d ’ épinay , if he is an honorable man , will consider himself more than ever pledged to mademoiselle de villefort , unless he were actuated by a decided feeling of avarice , but that is impossible . ” , how much you must have learned during your intimacy with the late cardinal ! said he to me , ‘ have you made your mind up to take the oath i requested of you ? ’ that grimaud had perceived the two men seated together . i began to cry too . was a very extraordinary man . but a child , ” said aramis . the president , ‘ may	73.42652130126953
reference be made to the count of monte cristo , who is now , i believe , in paris ? ’ home safely , leave paris , leave france , and wherever you may be , so long as you conduct yourself well , i will send you a small annuity ; for , if you return home safely , then—— ” ” he now bear ? ” the queen , blinded by her obstinacy . venture to ask you this favor . ” his head . he . the door close after him , returned to his bedroom , where with one hand he pulled off his light hair , his red whiskers , his false jaw , and his wound , to resume the black hair	78.68389129638672
, dark complexion , and pearly teeth of the count of monte cristo . , is the important point of distinction between the <unk> and the cavalier . ” confess , but it was not criminal . ” who are these men who killed the son with despair , and the father with famine ? ” you require , in order to set your conscience quite at ease on the subject ? ” master d ’ artagnan , ” continued the leader , raising his voice . bell that had proclaimed the beginning of the <unk> sounded the retreat . grimaud . a moment , and then said , “ from which it would appear , sir , that this credit inspires you with considerable apprehension ? ”	66.13922119140625
horse only . ” given by the king the minister persuaded his majesty to insist upon the queen ’ s appearing in them as part of her jewels at a ball which was soon to take place . said athos , emptying a glass of excellent bordeaux wine which , without having at that period the reputation it now enjoys , merited it no less , “ poor fools ! , with beautiful gothic characters , and so weighty with gold , that a servant always carried it before the cardinal on days of great solemnity . you walked and talked together , one would have thought you were two <unk> telling your secrets to each other . ” events have happened , alas ! ’ s maid	185.92550659179688
says , sir , that mademoiselle is finishing her <unk> , and will be here shortly . ” <unk> , ” said the king , “ come in ; i am going to scold you . ” , mr. president , how entirely you have read my thoughts , ” said benedetto , in his softest voice and most polite manner . ? ” inquired athos ; “ is it known why ? ” about <unk> at the good breakfast we are going to have ; nothing but what you are fond of . ” when i call <unk> seigneur ! ” , and reflected . , i don ’ t know yet . , ” replied bertuccio hesitatingly , “ did not the abbé busoni , who	58.34097671508789
heard my confession in the prison at nîmes , tell you that i had a heavy burden upon my conscience ? ” have found it impossible to repeat what had been said the last few minutes , when suddenly madame danglars ’ hand , pressed on her arm , aroused her from her lethargy . are we not ? ” she asked . sir ? ” coldly asked morrel . silent embarrassment , athos spoke . perceived the ground which the vindictive creature wished to reach . ” said eugénie . s prisoner . ” danglars . m. franz d ’ épinay , ” said the count ; “ is he not the son of general de quesnel , who was created baron d ’ épinay by charles	69.50875091552734
x. ? ” the same way , four relays on your route . the count , and say that , although in haste to attend the chamber , my master came out of his way to have the honor of calling upon him . ” : “ may i ask how mademoiselle danglars is ? ” said he . ’ artagnan reassured them ; and planchet ran to inform the other sentinels that it was useless to keep guard longer , as his master had come out safe from the palais-cardinal . into a very silly affair ; you will be <unk> . abbé , that is all . ” my dear gérard , ” said he to the young man , with a very significant look ,	62.07170104980469
“ do you know , you seem as if you were not very glad to see me ? ” ; there is but one . ” that the horses might be counted by the rattle of their hoofs . with a glance of profound contempt . to negotiate for my cardinal ’ s hat in my own fashion . ” into the church . should i ? ” the countess placed herself before monte cristo , still holding in her hand a portion of the perfumed grapes . . and you have it . him undoubtedly , for their cries were carried to his ears by the wind . in the morning they heard a terrible riot in the stables . days ago the impertinent <unk> gave me	62.907745361328125
his bill , and i was forced to turn both him and his bill out of the door ; so that i am here something in the fashion of a conqueror , holding my position , as it were , my conquest . door , holding the cardinal ’ s horse by the bridle . ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ pray let grimaud search them and throw them over the walls . ” ? ” added , to help you it would be sufficient that dantès did not marry her you love ; and the marriage may easily be thwarted , methinks , and yet dantès need not die . ” harnesses , either against one horse or a hundred pistoles . i have suffered enough	69.6408920288086
surely ! left of the little troop . had entire faith in the bravery of planchet , and reminded them of the manner in which he had conducted himself in the <unk> affair of boulogne . and there was a profound silence . than i possess , poor child ! of me ? ” he asked . for that purpose . ” took it into their heads to travel a hundred leagues , and their guardians consented to accompany them , they would have a capital chance of escaping . ” now all the various subjects of which we discoursed , madame , ” continued the count with perfect calmness ; “ but i perfectly remember that , falling into the error which others had entertained respecting me	95.26609802246094
, you consulted me as to the health of mademoiselle de villefort . ” , “ is about to marry you , and will place in my hands his fortune , amounting to three million livres . ” long enough , my lord , for it to be welcome to you now . ” i will break it in ! ” said grimaud . it to me ! , that the fire at the palace of justice was not caused by chance ? ” asked richelieu , in the tone with which he would have put a question of no importance . ” she added , turning toward aramis , “ will you be my servant once more this evening ? ” ? ” will put on an	51.49186706542969
air of mourning and he will pluck for us his black fowls . ” d ’ artagnan had stopped and charged his pistol afresh ; besides , his horse , he found , had a carbine on the bow of the saddle . of cloth about four inches wide and eighteen long ; they were all carefully numbered and closely covered with writing , so legible that dantès could easily read it , as well as make out the <unk> being in italian , a language he , as a provençal , perfectly understood . ! _ one might believe this is an allusion to the <unk> ! blaisois , ” said athos ; “ he can , he says , only swim in rivers . ” replied	153.25074768066406
d ’ artagnan , “ and instantly . ” in 1814 , and was sent to the island of elba . understand you , ” replied franz ; “ pray explain your meaning , for you excite my curiosity to the highest pitch . ” , it is true ; and since you know it , there is no occasion to tell you that gascons are not very patient , so that when they have begged to be excused once , were it even for a folly , they are convinced that they have done already at least as much again as they ought to have done . ” was a very serious charge . ” the breakfast-room and the salon on the ground floor . the strange	55.89051055908203
expression of his countenance ; they were so happy that they were conscious only of the sunshine and the presence of each other . was taken by bandits , and that without your generous <unk> i should now have been sleeping in the catacombs of st. sebastian , instead of receiving them in my humble abode in the rue du helder . ” the report ; but , as you are aware , the police does not content itself with vague reports . ” , my god ! ” murmured the queen , whose teeth chattered with fright . to every sinner ! the midst of the crowd , the buzzing , and the laughter , the door-keeper ’ s voice was heard announcing some name well known	79.7770004272461
in the financial department , respected in the army , or illustrious in the literary world , and which was acknowledged by a slight movement in the different groups . by monsieur voiture that monsieur l ’ abbé is repeating to me. ” said athos in a loud voice , “ and i confess i think it incomparable . ” his hand and aramis was about to dismount when he received a violent shock ; ’ twas a thrust from a sword , but his cuirass turned aside the blow . extended his hand to the officer , who sighed as he recognized the ring so gracefully given to him by the queen on the night of the ball at the hotel de ville and which she had	84.66094970703125
<unk> from monsieur des essarts . kissed it . with the basket and the dessert . the rue <unk> sainte catherine ; under the second lamp on the right you will find your adversary . madame morrel . if has no cemetery , and they simply throw the dead into the sea , after fastening a thirty-six-pound <unk> to their feet . ” is a charming young man , according to my ideas . ” the hotel de vendome . must have taken me for a madman , for i rushed at once to the stable . lost unless she gave felton an immediate and terrible proof of her courage . and fancied he saw an old man stretched on a <unk> ; he , also , was	107.71631622314453
dying of hunger . , ” said mercédès , “ if i had a stronger heart , that is the counsel i would have given you ; your conscience has spoken when my voice became too weak ; listen to its <unk> . the rope ladder was to be attached . come , ” thought dantès , “ he would have found the treasure , and borgia , he who compared italy to an <unk> , which he could devour leaf by leaf , knew too well the value of time to waste it in replacing this rock . and undecided . my horse by the bridle , if you please. ” as he spoke he dismounted , gave the bridle of his horse to the musketeer and	124.15962219238281
placing himself by the side of the prisoner said , in a voice perfectly composed , “ to the palais royal , at full trot . ” struck , when the inside blind was opened and a light appeared through the panes of the outside shutter . i have just taken , and which i will keep , madame , dare you ask for mercy for that wretch ! ” no nabob would have sent me a pair of horses worth 32,000 francs , wearing on their heads four diamonds valued at 5,000 francs each . ” jacopo , ” she said , “ the captain of the yacht ; ” and she beckoned him towards them . with that simple and ingenuous air which he knew how	96.84313201904297
to assume on occasions . horrible spectacle . ” murmured she ; “ can it be he ? ” and she remained in bed with her eyes fixed . pistoles , ” said aramis . him strength ? and as his servant , i will not allow you to be concerned in plots against the safety of the state , or to serve the intrigues of a woman who is not french and who has a spanish heart . remember that kiss ! —it was the last he ever gave me , and i feel as if it were still warm on my forehead . papers which are at blois ; and in two months and a half , if you do not hear of us , take	71.59519958496094
possession of them . was at hand . of it. ” then , aloud : the adjoining chamber , which is your apartment , and ali will bring us coffee and <unk> . ” your good and eternal remembrance . have given you letters of nobility . ” before yesterday to bring them with you ; why have you not done so ? ” she want to speak to me at all ? ” , enrolled in the army , but , being married and eight years older , he was merely sent to the frontier . but he thought not of hunger at such a moment ; he hastily swallowed a few drops of rum , and again entered the cavern . benedetto . ” ” cried	75.679443359375
the lieutenant , “ if you say a word i will blow out your brains . ” . frontiers , for instance ; and at the first alarm we can leave france . ” robe have no age , ” replied the monk , dryly . , that i see how hopeless the position of the king is , tell me with what you are charged on the part of my royal husband . ” remained at florence , and after having passed a few days in exploring the paradise of the <unk> , and spending two or three evenings at the houses of the florentine nobility , he took a fancy into his head ( having already visited corsica , the cradle of bonaparte ) to visit	83.0441665649414
elba , the <unk> of napoleon . with the same advantages , ” said d ’ artagnan , in a tone of raillery ; “ for when you meet me again you will perhaps be alone and there will be daylight . ” it ? ” not yield himself without a furious battle . ” ” unhesitatingly repeated debray . reply to make , ’ said the count in a low tone . decided , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that what i have to offer to you does not tempt you ? ” smile arose , and , making a low bow to m. danglars , said : ” exclaimed albert , “ that you have reached your present age without visiting the finest capital	48.472782135009766
in the world ? asked mordaunt . i am not sorry to quit paris ; i had need of distraction . ” valentine , “ he is too much the friend of madame de villefort ever to be mine . ” , which was long , the public attention was continually drawn towards andrea , who bore the <unk> with spartan unconcern . found it , twisted it up together , and putting it into the expiring flame , set light to it . over some means of escape for his young companion , and anticipating the pleasure he would enjoy . clothes , and wore at his button-hole the ribbons of the different orders to which he belonged . thought of the moment when , from the	92.10749816894531
top of that wall , he should protect the descent of his dear valentine , pressing in his arms for the first time her of whom he had yet only kissed the delicate hand . hands , and looked at the doctor with a supplicating air . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but in the first place i should like to be certain of one thing . ” ” they had leave to do , with the servants and peasants . the honor to remain here . ” athos , “ weep , heart full of love , youth , and life ! in prison discipline than even louis himself , and the number of prisoners whose names are not on the register is <unk>	67.35609436035156
” had morrel even any suspicions , so much kindness would have dispelled them . watered and he returned to the duke ’ s chamber rubbing his hands . of use to you for personal projects . ” ! _ we are alone . ” the governor . ” of indifference to me , ” said aramis ; “ i came here only to meet de chatillon ; i have met him , i am contented ; ’ tis something to have met de chatillon in a duel ! ” heard porthos speak of her , that ’ s all . ” monte cristo . madame de villefort , constantly returning to her object , “ the poisons of the borgias , the medicis , the <unk> ,	64.97469329833984
the <unk> , and later , probably , that of baron de <unk> , whose story has been so <unk> by modern drama and <unk> ” still better . thousand francs , do you understand ? ” us that <unk> ’ it is the doctor ? ” asked valentine , astonished . provided this war were approved of by the church and would advance the end i wish to <unk> mean , the remission of my sins . ” it was the medium through which his thanks were conveyed . be silent . and may this money profit you ! after having made each of them a respectful bow , which meant that he was ready to tell them all they wished to know concerning luigi vampa .	101.90695190429688
very severe with the bonapartists in those days . ” stopped at <unk> , but the four friends went on with well sustained ardor , guarding mazarin carefully . ” murmured the two young people . that d ’ artagnan and porthos are at rueil , alive and well . ” . garden , full of vegetables , flowers , and fruit . taken the veil , all this fortune would have descended to my father , and , in reversion , to his son . ” , ” replied the <unk> “ or , at least , practically so , for my poor wife , who is the only person in the house besides myself , is laid up with illness , and unable to render me	91.639404296875
the least assistance , poor thing ! ” , who , with his head on his hands , was gazing at the heavens ; he did not hear them enter and remained in the same attitude till he felt a hand upon his shoulder . is to be made a cardinal ; they are soliciting the hat for him . ” take him to prison , and keep him under key as long as possible ; that will give me time to pay him . ” , but m. de blacas , taking his hand , restrained him . ” replied the valet , “ i followed them as far as the gates . friend , win it—it is at the point of your sword . quickly .	64.5990982055664
” ’ s <unk> ” meeting with you i would go to the end of the world . ” constant readiness to sail immediately i think proper to give the signal . understand , sir , i will go no farther unless you tell me whither you are taking me . ” sat in the furthest corner of the room , as if determined to be merely a spectator of the proceedings . . . the cup to me ? ” them here . gave for them make the animals less beautiful , ” inquired the count , shrugging his shoulders . positively , ‘ make a sacrifice unto the lord . ’ ” regiment of corinth , which the coadjutor had not been able to <unk> in	78.70899963378906
spite of all his efforts , threw itself into the midst of the parisian forces , put them into confusion and re-entered charenton flying . only the torrent that threatened to overturn everything and you gave no attention to the still water . . merely a letter of introduction . the faubourg saint-honoré . eyes closed , and hearing her breathe gently , he believed she had dropped asleep , and left the apartment on tiptoe , closing the door after him with the utmost precaution . mazarin , with a smile , “ you may rest easy ; your wishes shall be fulfilled . ” ’ artagnan was seeking . them . ” how i discovered it ; i know it—that is sufficient . to meet him	106.61556243896484
, and the gigantic porthos , who stood a head above the entire rabble , soon announced that he saw the royal equipage approaching . eyes passed rapidly from villefort and his wife , and rested on valentine with a look of unutterable <unk> . he tore open the letter , in spite of the cry which kitty uttered on seeing what he was going to do , or rather , what he was doing . , sir , that her majesty has forgotten it amid the <unk> and the courtiers of the palais royal , but i who have passed those years in the <unk> ” said mme . a piece of evidence , and being in safety behind the angle of the trench , he began	83.78101348876953
to interrogate the wounded man . a supercargo ; pen , ink , and paper are my tools , and without my tools i am fit for nothing . ” ” said the young man . the letter containing the accusation , at least , ” said villefort : <unk> ’ s one pays twenty-five lire for common days , and thirty or thirty-five lire a day more for <unk> and feast days ; add five lire a day more for <unk> , that will make forty , and there ’ s an end of it . ” as to try to escape , except in your dreams . ” , ” said danglars . ” was aware of his intention . ” in observing that she excelled	100.49374389648438
the young woman by far in her high air and aristocratic bearing . happy , yet the days these two unfortunates passed together went quickly . son and stopped at a post placed at the angle of the wall , and by means of which i had once before looked into the garden . before you for the first time in london , it was to ask you what had become of my fortune ; the second time it was to demand who had sullied my name ; and this time i come before you to ask a question far more terrible than any other , to say to you as god said to the first murderer : ‘ <unk> , what hast thou done to thy brother	109.76402282714844
<unk> ? ’ my lord , what have you done with your <unk> sister , who was my mother ? ” seized one of the young man ’ s hands and placed it on the mane , which it grasped with the tenacity of a drowning man . albert , ” replied lucien , lighting a <unk> at a rose-colored taper that burnt in a beautifully <unk> <unk> “ how happy you are to have nothing to do . pale . monsieur has asked for , ” replied the lackey . of your debt ; acknowledge therein the receipt of the cash , and i will hand you over the money . ” , ” said planchet . resignation , that was all . is it ? ”	81.18270874023438
year for kings , ” said gondy , shaking his head ; “ look at england , madame . ” curate remaining for a moment . sir , ” he interposed , “ that the two <unk> ” 13 oh , yes ; it was in his service that my father made his fortune . ” ’ artagnan ! , yes , ” answered the young lady , turning very red , “ i do remember conversing with a person wrapped in a long woollen mantle ; he was a medical man , i think . ” , and even the colors of the horses and uniforms were now clearly distinct . paris , sir ? ” when , by a violent effort , tearing himself from his	60.25178527832031
pleasing reverie : to experience sundry <unk> at the stomach , arose softly , again applied his eye to the crack of the door , and recognized the intelligent countenance of his guide . name ! ” with us hereafter ! ” , addressing the guardsmen , “ i request you will be silent with regard to this adventure . and a ladder of rope was let down from it . opened , then the <unk> of the garden , and ali and his master were on the spot with lights . . ” married . discover the names of the others , my master is lost . ” ’ s clerk brought him fifty thousand francs in a portfolio about the size of your plate ; yesterday	93.40989685058594
his banker brought him a hundred thousand francs in gold . ” constant guardians of our men , and while i sleep monsieur du vallon watches . ” ? ” they asked . news , my lord ? ” in black , with <unk> around his hat , and presented himself at his cousin ’ s with a face made up for the occasion , and which he could alter as might be required . ” said aramis ; “ at the cry ‘ jesus seigneur ’ we go out , upset all that stands in our way , run to our horses , jump into our saddles , spur them ; is that all ? ” ” was the ready answer . ” the pasha ’ s	90.53511810302734
troops , ” replied morcerf ; “ and it is no secret that i owe my fortune , such as it is , to the liberality of the illustrious <unk> chief . ” , which i know you so much disliked , is done away with , i come to you on an errand which neither m. de villefort nor valentine could <unk> undertake . ” was pierced by the utterance of these two words ; he stepped forward , and touching the young man ’ s shoulder , said : . ? ” replied the stranger , knitting his brow . , in consequence of the <unk> of her letter , expected reproaches , was much astonished the next day to see the king make some attempts	73.51802825927734
at reconciliation with her . i thought i had already told you , that in participation in this world ’ s affairs , more especially in their moral aspects , the count of monte cristo has never ceased to entertain the scruples and even the <unk> of the east . at the ninth . stop at the door . ” ! ” no good , ” said athos ; “ but let us embark ; once out at sea , let him come . ” who has concluded this infamous bargain ? ” you know , my dear friend , madame du vallon—— ” that the gascons made a king of me , myself , seeing that i am my father ’ s son , is it not	64.78557586669922
, tréville ? sir , for your heart is of such a generous nature that you can well understand all that has passed in mine . now threatened , would be safe , and you— ” knows the contents of this ! ” murmured he , “ and that noirtier is the father of villefort , i am lost ! ” and he fixed his eyes upon edmond as if he would have penetrated his thoughts . mazarin . sir , ” answered raoul . me ? ” said he . haydée , raising her head , “ was that illustrious man known in europe under the name of ali tepelini , pasha of yanina , and before whom turkey trembled . ” sir ? ” ” i	58.46537780761719
was wrong to caution you ; do not fear , i will bury my grief so deep in my heart , i will disguise it so , that you shall not even care to sympathize with me . for the purpose of watching like a <unk> over the almost <unk> riches that had thus fallen into his possession satisfied not the <unk> of his heart , which <unk> to return to dwell among mankind , and to assume the rank , power , and influence which are always accorded to <unk> first and greatest of all the forces within the grasp of man . athos ; “ monsieur aramis does me the honor to share my opinions . ” to this point i know all , ” said	122.44261169433594
the priest . our adventures , never to be defeated or give any one a chance to laugh at us . joy , and advanced toward his wife with open arms . exclaimed monte cristo , starting back , “ it is—— ” announced that something new and unexpected had taken place . countenance took an expression of the deepest compassion ; he began to think he had to do with madmen . any inn in the whole town where one can find white sheets , roast beef reasonably cooked , and wine which is not made of <unk> and <unk> ? ” he , ‘ are dogs who bark and bite at the same time , they are for the two first who shall have a longing	150.16647338867188
for your diamond , friend caderousse . ’ be left alone . ” home ? ” asked he . condition . ” murmured d ’ artagnan ; “ that ’ s the <unk> ’ s own residence ! ” ; he therefore went to bed , placing his pocketbook under his pillow . come from cadiz . ” father , the brave father , the very honest father ! ” said caderousse , twirling a plate in the air between his two hands . , i should die too . ” boring one ’ s self with so many things ? air , “ you are deceived , gentlemen , ” said he , “ this handkerchief is not mine , and i can not fancy why monsieur	48.45237731933594
has taken it into his head to offer it to me rather than to one of you ; and as a proof of what i say , here is mine in my pocket . ” came from my mother ! and , as i doubt not but that your master is on the road to salvation , i want you to tell me where he is , that he may help me to mine . ” ? ” cried monte cristo , starting to his feet , and seizing the two hands which morrel was raising towards heaven . , if you have not lost it , give me the paper which fell from that man ’ s hat , upon which is written the name of the	47.67030334472656
village of— ” returned ; he was awaited by his family with extreme anxiety , for from this journey to paris they hoped great things . now hesitate ? ” so , but that requires money , and i haven ’ t any . ” my sister once more ? ” asked maximilian . instead of sitting down at the stern of the boat , which had been decorated with a blue carpet for his accommodation , stood up with his arms crossed . said madame de chevreuse , hastily . gentlemen , ” said aramis and porthos . mousqueton ; “ there ’ s not a day , sir , that we don ’ t expect to hear that you were made marshal either instead of monsieur	85.01065826416016
de <unk> , or of monsieur de bassompierre . ” arms to mme . never heard his name mentioned by any person , and i hope and believe he is dead . ” <unk> myself . . ” thursday and the d ’ artagnan of today are the same person . ” them not ; her <unk> , i know them not ; her vices , i know them not . court , to whom d ’ artagnan called by their names . ” murmured d ’ artagnan , “ rochefort has kept his promise , but where in the devil is he ? ” and he searched the cabinet even to the smallest recesses , but there was no sign of rochefort . debray . in the	61.6885871887207
anteroom , the door opened , and a man dressed as an abbé and doubtless more familiar with the house than he was , came in and instead of waiting , merely bowed , passed on to the farther apartments , and disappeared . , and laughed aloud . ” said villefort , deeply affected , in spite of himself , “ do not yield to those gloomy thoughts ; you will long live with us , happy , loved , and honored , and we will make you <unk> ” served together in spain , my father in the army and m. danglars in the <unk> department . i shall go around to see athos ; for though i don ’ t think his aid worth much	90.60771179199219
, one must with one ’ s friends observe all due politeness , ” said d ’ artagnan . , then ? ” asked dantès , who after believing himself free , now began to feel a <unk> alarm . went direct to the tapestry , which he pushed aside . we shall find the count at home ? ” ! ” said kitty . leagues in little more than twelve hours . you propose to me ? ” , ” said <unk> “ yes , grief , doctor ! him of that which he had dragged from under the feet of aramis . compiegne and alighted at the peacock . ’ s surgeon arrived , quite terrified ; he was already on board the admiral ’ s	84.91670989990234
ship , where they had been obliged to seek him . pleasantry compromising , for he only answered half the question , and then he spoke to franz , as the only one likely to listen with attention . eyes upon the treaty that d ’ artagnan presented to her . me , i will accept it . ” style . perhaps , no faith in those words ? ” said d ’ artagnan . with delight , an offer made to him by his friend the steward of the duc de grammont , to give him a substitute ; he also spoke of it to monsieur de chavigny , who promised that he would not oppose it in any <unk> is , if he approved of the	61.146854400634766
person proposed . poisoned , ... if you avoid them ? ” tell you , my lord , that you are mistaken , ” replied the gascon , impudently , firm to the promise he had just made to anne of austria . my saddle , already loaded . ” my friend , ” replied d ’ artagnan . demon , ” continued felton , “ or the <unk> benefactor , my <unk> a monster . of that period , athos rode and fenced to perfection . the locality , and shall never find the wall . all the steel knives and silver forks and replaced them with silver knives and wooden forks , pretending that as he had been informed that the duke was to pass all	87.98775482177734
his life at vincennes , he was afraid of his prisoner attempting suicide . pressed down his side of the shade and so raised it on the other , throwing a bright light on the stranger ’ s face , while his own remained obscured . this , my dear child ? ” meditated against the perfidious host one of those hearty <unk> which offer consolation while they are hoped for . i said , is between the court and the garden ; in this way , do you see ? ” andrea drew the garden , the court and the house . smiling . you of this ; you must not forget it , for it is a great defect in a rider . of malady which	93.07554626464844
we call <unk> , ” said the doctor . constancy niche itself next ? ” murmured athos . promised not to wake . replied grimaud . of the king ’ s musketeers . , maximilian ? ” asked he ; “ you are pale , and the perspiration rolls from your <unk> ” morrel fell into a chair . to its general notoriety . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ i see fresh tracks ; ’ tis not a quarter of an hour since they passed this place . ” , confirm her in her opinion ; it will be easy for you , as you have the philosophy of the one and the wit of the other . ” dark , and i could no	45.98847579956055
longer see , i fell asleep ; i was soon aroused by a piercing shriek , as from a person suffering in his dreams , and he suddenly threw his head back violently . , ” replied athos , with a threatening gesture that promised no good to <unk> it was addressed . dear kitty ; but for the intention only—for the information , you must agree , is not likely to be at all agreeable . ” as a <unk> . inquire , for i confess that i have scarcely courage so to do . ” dashed with cupidity , but he quickly <unk> his emotion . . ” looked dull and preoccupied . . ” on the honor of a soldier , on the faith of	75.75946044921875
a christian . ” handsomer , but certainly there could be none whose appearance was more <unk> , if the expression may be used . the gascon ’ s stratagem , was clear . the same time uneasy , ran after him and seized him by the arm . they make a night ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , drawing more pistoles from his pocket . ” him , but franz remained , in a manner , <unk> on his chair ; for in the person of him who had just entered he recognized not only the mysterious <unk> to the colosseum , and the occupant of the box at the teatro argentina , but also his extraordinary host of monte cristo . this moment , but	67.33653259277344
will join us later . ” overwhelmed the coachman with every <unk> he could lay hands on . athos , “ that ’ s grimaud ’ s business . ” answered de chavigny , with a low bow , “ i have on the ramparts twenty pieces of artillery and in my <unk> thirty thousand guns . d ’ artagnan did not return home till five o ’ clock in the morning . ” retz , the duc de beaufort , the duc de bouillon , are talking over public affairs . he longed to break through the wall of glass which separated him from his enemy ; for if comminges had seen with what an expression of hatred the eyes of this young man were fixed upon	67.93132781982422
de winter , he would not have doubted for an instant that the englishman was his eternal foe . ” replied aramis ; “ but on your account i will add some eggs , and that is a serious <unk> of the <unk> eggs are meat , since they <unk> <unk> . ” grandmother ’ s wish , the cause of which she did not know , and an instant afterwards villefort entered . : this was not all . , and the stranger began to show manifest signs of impatience , when a slight noise was heard outside the aperture in the roof , and almost immediately a dark shadow seemed to obstruct the flood of light that had entered it , and the figure of a	76.50044250488281
man was clearly seen gazing with eager scrutiny on the immense space beneath him ; then , as his eye caught sight of him in the mantle , he grasped a floating mass of thickly matted boughs , and glided down by their help to within three or four feet of the ground , and then leaped lightly on his feet . fled from bourges , and has returned to spain . ” his breast . ” not altogether forsaken , ” continued caderousse , “ for mercédès the catalan and monsieur morrel were very kind to him ; but somehow the poor old man had contracted a profound hatred for fernand—the very person , ” added caderousse with a bitter smile , “ that you named just	137.72055053710938
now as being one of dantès ’ faithful and attached friends . ” thought it was time to try one of his favorite feints in fencing . , took a bar in his hands , clung to it and bent it like a bow ; so that the two ends came out of the sockets of stone in which for thirty years they had been fixed . government , and since we had our choice , as they say , at least , how could we choose that ? ” , when he drew from his pocket a book closed with a lock , and opened it with a key which he wore round his neck , and which never left him . to get an exchange of	89.3847427368164
arms , —to substitute the sword for the pistol ; the pistol is blind . ” may be sent in something else . ” ” this <unk> had been one of his own <unk> a sure means of testing the extent of the change which time had worked in his own appearance . tones of a voice which penetrated the inmost recesses of his heart ; his eyes met those of the young girl and he could not bear their brilliancy . opinion , a lara , a manfred , a lord ruthven ; then , just as i am arriving at the climax , you defeat your own end , and seek to make an ordinary man of me . ” said the duke . . d	90.9290771484375
’ artagnan entered aramis ’ s chamber , he found him at the window . ” said he , “ as you may perceive . ” ” said monte cristo , “ you should not talk thus ! wish ? , and , recognizing his wife ’ s writing , ran his eyes rapidly over its contents ; it ran as follows : beauchamp , who had not yet spoken , “ you appear to accuse the count , who is absent from paris at this moment , and can not justify himself . ” woman enveloped in a large veil , which completely concealed her . nearest islands of all those that surround the château d ’ if , but ratonneau and pomègue are inhabited , as	65.52130889892578
is also the <unk> of daume . with light hair , clear gray eyes , and thin and compressed lips , dressed in a blue coat with beautifully carved gold buttons , a white <unk> , and a <unk> eye-glass suspended by a silken thread , and which , by an effort of the <unk> and <unk> muscles , he fixed in his eye , entered , with a <unk> air , without smiling or speaking . was his daughter ’ s voice . said monte cristo ; “ i think i arrived just in time to obtain your signatures , or they would have been disputed with me . ” porthos . lips . to be consummated ? ” paces from them , a man advanced from	77.47321319580078
behind a tree and aimed at vampa . foot . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i have always observed a great degree of intelligence and devotedness in mousqueton . ” and myself . true . as death ; lightning darted from his eyes . ” said athos , “ will you be so kind as to set your watch with mine , or permit me to regulate mine by yours ? ” recovered . a great poet , it seems to me , ” raoul ventured to say . . <unk> : the duties of the post . ” the world , ” replied bonacieux . fellow , ” replied m. noirtier , seating himself , “ i might say the same thing to you ,	52.6407585144043
when you announce to me your wedding for the 28th of february , and on the 3rd of march you turn up here in paris . ” the captain , and at nine o ’ clock in the morning , having a fair wind , our frenchmen set foot on their native land . glittering with the rain which had recently fallen , and the refreshed herbs sent forth their perfume with additional energy . play to-night ; he has invited us in return to-morrow . athos , “ i may be mistaken , i haven ’ t the <unk> eye of d ’ artagnan . ” as i pass ? ” <unk> velvet , with buttons of cut gold ; a silk waistcoat covered with embroidery ;	105.55248260498047
a roman scarf tied round his neck ; a <unk> worked with gold , and red and green silk ; sky-blue velvet <unk> , fastened above the knee with diamond buckles ; <unk> of <unk> , worked with a thousand arabesques , and a hat whereon hung ribbons of all colors ; two watches hung from his girdle , and a splendid poniard was in his belt . court now . . say ? ” ? ” , from the <unk> of the birds to the smile of the mistress , breathed tranquillity and repose . that , i have made inquiries respecting the <unk> and <unk> , and my calculations are made . prison , but the character of monsieur de beaufort was particularly disposed to become	144.17919921875
so . , and went out with beauchamp , without appearing to notice cavalcanti . , ” said groslow . ruined us , still ruins us , and will ruin us , as long as the world stands . asked the musketeer . twisting his new cap around in his fingers , said : dear friend , that if you are not in a hurry , i am very much in a hurry . ” contrary remained concealed behind them ; but although the king knew athos , porthos , and aramis personally , he passed before them without speaking or <unk> , as if he had never seen them before . one of these marked beings ? ” of <unk> tongues . ; but they are on	61.60698318481445
the track . ” order to seize on something on which the conversation might turn , and seemed to fall easily on a topic . been arrested , and as i am his wife ’ s confessor , if she knows where he is i shall know it too . ” made a step forward , remembering that at the moment he entered milady had a rope in her hand . ” in the rapid march of our narrative presented to our readers without formally introducing her , was a tall and graceful girl of nineteen , with bright chestnut hair , deep blue eyes , and that <unk> air of quiet distinction which characterized her mother . have i not heard talk of some strange adventure with	131.66087341308594
bandits or thieves hid in ruins , and of his having had a miraculous escape ? said d ’ artagnan , becoming angry again . ! ” and both set off towards the capital at full gallop . see athos . the house when you left ? ” carried off and conveyed hither the viscount albert de morcerf . a street , he pointed to a small house , isolated , solitary , and dismal . , nor good stomachs their appetites . are very clever , ” said d ’ artagnan . studs which his majesty gave the queen . ” you are married ? ” , many remembered him as being so amiable , so handsome , and so liberal , that they chose to think	90.0057144165039
him the victim of some conspiracy , since in this world large fortunes frequently excite the <unk> and jealousy of some unknown enemy . that ’ s five ; and in five minutes we shall have galloped a quarter of a league . ” you bid me live ? a sword at home ; but at all events , i have two , and if you like , i will throw with you for one of them . ” ’ artagnan put concerning her health , she replied , “ bad , very bad . ” moment . keys of my drawers and my desks . ” de villefort , if you do not strike first ! ’ this is what i would say had she only killed	83.16609954833984
two persons but she has seen three deaths , —has contemplated three murdered persons , —has knelt by three corpses ! , —a hundred and eighty leagues ! ” , madame , in serving a prince so unfortunate , a queen so virtuous . ” exclaimed athos . what devil of an insect <unk> me and made me ambitious . morrel , “ it is a cruel thing to be forced to say , but , already used to misfortune , i must habituate myself to shame . . such excessive joy that unless the joy be allowed to overflow , it will stifle you . . ” i promise you some good exercise ! ” said the gascon . ! ” said d ’ artagnan . ”	131.01287841796875
said milady , “ you must be either drunk or mad . are coming to meet us . do not go out alone ; when you eat , use every precaution . , by authority of his highness , in the year <unk> of the <unk> . to the coadjutor , who , smiling all the while , contrived to drop some words into his ear . murmured the king ; “ what must be done ? ” replied mordaunt . this way . ” was but twenty years old , and consequently had not yet forgotten his <unk> habits . rising , and leaning forward in his chair , merely stretched out his arm and , taking the damp , crushed glove from the clenched hand of	68.53633880615234
the young man : <unk> the scaffold ! particular , had a perpetual buzzing in his ears , which porthos explained thus : “ a very great lady has told me that this means that somebody is talking of you somewhere . ” bring him to me to-morrow morning at ten o ’ clock , on the pont du louvre ? ” de la fere , madame . who tasted any of my dishes , and i think you <unk> them <unk> ” while speaking , caderousse went on <unk> a fresh supply of onions . , _mordieu ! _ ” cried the citizen , swearing in order to rouse his courage . put off till to-morrow ? ” ” said he , “ i hope all is	96.17080688476562
over , explained and settled . ” contentedly , that it is not absolutely bad here , but for one thing , at least . ” exclaimed madame de villefort , “ the punishment , monsieur ? box , having a pair of pistols in his belt , a musket under his feet and a naked sword behind him . me ? ” she asked , in great distress . impossible , ” murmured felton , who felt to the bottom of his heart the justness of this argument . your mother . ” good-natured , as brave , as proud , and above all , as gascon as his ancestor , but less <unk> educated . dull sound was heard , like that of a rising tempest	81.62860107421875
or a <unk> of the sea ; but nothing clear , nothing distinct , nothing intelligible ; it was like those mysterious subterraneous noises that precede an <unk> . hour , till the horses were covered with foam and dust . man who , without being bitten by one of his race , has yet murdered his benefactor ; and who , now unable to kill anyone , because his hands are bound , wishes to see his companion in captivity perish . me : there ’ s more chance of fighting in paris , is there not ? ” cried she , “ is it you ? , ” said porthos , “ i shall always be happy to welcome you to my barony . ” dismounted	92.41841125488281
and remained under a beautiful group of chestnuts in flower , amidst which were murmuring a multitude of happy bees , and bade olivain send the host to him with writing paper and ink , to be placed on a table which he found there , <unk> ready . portion of the grounds as the <unk> of a walk , or as a place for meditation , was abundantly justified in the choice by the absence of all glare , the cool , refreshing shade , the screen it afforded from the scorching rays of the sun , that found no entrance there even during the burning days of hottest summer , the incessant and melodious <unk> of birds , and the entire removal from either the noise	271.122314453125
of the street or the bustle of the mansion . moment of despair like yours , since it led to a similar resolution , i also wished to kill myself ; one day your father , equally desperate , wished to kill himself too . of a quarrel when i am expected at any place and when such a quarrel might possibly prevent my reaching it . , bowed gracefully to albert , and extended her hand with cordial kindness to franz ; then , inviting albert to take the vacant seat beside her , she recommended franz to take the next best , if he wished to view the ballet , and pointed to the one behind her own chair . see , ” observed monte cristo	126.71487426757812
to morrel , “ that i cause no small disturbance in your house . ” have said , was to follow as soon as his bed of justice had been held ; but on rising from his bed of justice on the twenty-eighth of june , he felt himself attacked by fever . at his boots , all covered with mud ; but that same glance fell upon the shoes and stockings of the mercer , and it might have been said they had been dipped in the same mud heap . , amongst whom i was born , whom i have always loved better than the english . a cemetery . ” ” said the doctor ; “ i was not aware that madame de saint-méran was	91.03788757324219
subject to such <unk> . ” up our luggage , planchet , and let us be off . words passed over their heads , carried by the breeze , until lost in the depths of the horizon . most prudent , so he waited until twelve o ’ clock . you to write to his majesty , but ask m. de salvieux to do so . in the same position , for she thought they might perhaps be examining her through the keyhole ; she then slowly raised her head , which had resumed its formidable expression of menace and defiance , ran to the door to listen , looked out of her window , and returning to bury herself again in her large armchair , she reflected	86.43964385986328
. the appointed time ; but athos , being warned of his coming , went into the other chamber . time to make the last trial , and he put the phial to the purple lips of faria , and without having occasion to force open his jaws , which had remained extended , he poured the whole of the liquid down his throat . s room . ” so easy to forget , monsieur , that the very next day after your princely gift you saved the life of my dear friend , madame de villefort , which was <unk> by the very animals your generosity restored to me . ” suffered long is like the <unk> on the ground after a long drought ; both the	87.74876403808594
heart and the ground absorb that beneficent moisture falling on them , and nothing is outwardly apparent . woman , this creature , this demon , has a brother-in-law , as i think you told me , d ’ artagnan ? ” formerly . brought back five horses . of the man who met his death from the hand of edmond dantès . words ; the history of haydée recurred to him , and he remembered what she had said of that message and the ring , and the manner in which she had been sold and made a slave . we will execute them . ” ” be dead , did you not , as i believed you to be ? your plans more accurately ; we	88.04924011230469
shall get out into the gallery you have described ; kill the sentinel who guards it , and make our escape . ” replied caderousse , “ in this corner is a crucifix in holy <unk> on this <unk> is my wife ’ s testament ; open this book , and i will swear upon it with my hand on the crucifix . he was in valentine ’ s confidence and knew all their secrets , morrel took the dictionary , a pen , and some paper , and placed them all on a table where there was a light . i admire you , but nevertheless we were in the wrong , after all . ” the cardinal , “ you have been arrested by my orders	73.16201782226562
. ” ; for the last week m. de villefort has secluded himself . from which paris sprang they found it inundated with water , and it was again necessary to take a boat . women had watched , hoping that when he left his room morrel would come to them , but they heard him pass before their door , and trying to conceal the noise of his footsteps . you here . ’ sir , you must have seen plain enough what they had been doing , yet you said nothing , though you were present when dantès was arrested . ” ever i thought that i had a friend in the ranks of the royal army , it was you . ’ s assistant satisfied	82.78022766113281
the master <unk> that those were the men he expected . it ; he is my only remaining friend and we both need his help , —come . ” s it ! ” he cried , “ you have your promotion and i my barony . ” never passing anything over that it was within his power to know , d ’ artagnan looked out of the window and perceived the close red coat and brown hair of raoul . winter , “ for whom do you take me ? ” he saw not the wherewithal to dine . to discover the means and i have done so . ” cleared up at a later period , ” murmured the young woman ; “ no , monsieur ,	78.54942321777344
be silent . ” , rue coq-héron , paris. ” _ had a thunderbolt fallen into the room , villefort could not have been more stupefied . room ; maximilian was obliged to let him pass , but he followed him . service . , i will join you there ere long . ” : www.gutenberg.org/donate . appearance she expressed much astonishment at seeing planchet . the full project gutenberg™ license as specified in paragraph 1.e.1 . arms . sum in arithmetic . ” mercédès , “ if it were so , if i possessed <unk> , but without the power to render that will efficacious , it would drive me to despair . ” to the window shutter . embroil you with the court and they would	110.3488998413086
put you into the bastile , instead of vincennes . , ” said porthos , “ we have not been <unk> . ” englishman . that it takes a day to see saint peter ’ s , and a month to study it . abbé . bazin , ” cried aramis ; and aramis sprang into the saddle with his usual grace and agility , but after a few <unk> and <unk> of the noble animal his rider felt his pains come on so <unk> that he turned pale and became <unk> in his seat . , ” said d ’ artagnan , without stopping to explain his conduct to porthos , “ all for one , one for <unk> is our motto , is it not ?	61.42104721069336
” ? —he , the <unk> , before whom others were accustomed to <unk> , who had taken for his device , wished to ascertain , or , rather , all the englishman appeared to know . think he had given you offence in an affair which he merely referred to without entering into particulars , but that whoever possessed the good opinion and confidence of the ship ’ s owners would have his preference also . ” , ” replied franz , “ but our neighbor , the count of monte cristo . ” she , withdrawing it <unk> “ no , my friend , touch me not . d ’ artagnan , stopping the carriage . so , ” added château-renaud , with the air of	84.60953521728516
a man who knows the whole of the european nobility perfectly . dantès , but in providence , who , while <unk> the power of man , has filled him with boundless desires . cried d ’ artagnan , “ you were all in the plot , then ! with twenty of my best men , who , at a signal from me , will rush forward directly peppino is brought for execution , and , by the assistance of their stilettos , drive back the guard , and carry off the prisoner . ” i had previously inquired of dantès what was his opinion of you , and if he should have any reluctance to continue you in your post , for somehow i have perceived a	110.86666107177734
sort of coolness between you . ” i to him . advanced towards me , but as he drew near i saw that he had a weapon in his hand . for a reply to his remark and said nothing . try and enter the louvre . de winter ; “ the daughter of henry iv. , and the wife of king charles ! a paleness still greater than usual , and by those traces which loss of sleep leaves on the face , that he must have passed almost the whole of the night without sleeping . ” asked the queen , who did not understand , or rather was not willing to understand . the threshold of the minister ’ s closet , in one hand	69.00760650634766
holding his hat , in the other the letter . communicate ; secondly , to embrace my children and bid them farewell for the last time . aramis , “ nothing . ” , rich in form , in attraction , and <unk> , with eyes of fascination , smiles of love , and bright and flowing hair . , you doubtless place some guard outside ? ” muffled drums filled the square . off a young girl , the daughter of a <unk> of frosinone . . mention you to him . . de lannoy come and inform you instantly ? ” the holy water . all active , vigorous and armed . ” on a physical medium , you must return the medium with your written	127.88494110107422
explanation . the next night passed away without my seeing him again . talent because they have managed two or three intrigues without being the talk of paris ! said d ’ artagnan to himself ; “ he calls that being as poor as job ! , the turnkey retired . athos ; we are not so far gone as that , ” replied the lieutenant . him that he was a fool ; the <unk> went out to get stones to stone me with , but whilst they were away i found means to conciliate the priests who were present , so that my foe was <unk> instead of me . ; pardon me . ” ears ? ” cried the marquise . , my friend ?	93.57774353027344
” she said . received by an august personage , and i perceive with pleasure that you preserve the souvenir she gave you . ” . ” my friend ; but all things are possible . form , so that when her back was turned she still was not unlike the girl who had jumped , with anne of austria , over the moat of the tuileries in <unk> . his predecessor a hundred pistoles for his . ” service ! ” said the gentleman . this account , so dreadful for a son ; when valentine , pale with emotion , had wiped away a tear ; when villefort , trembling , and crouched in a corner , had endeavored to <unk> the storm by supplicating glances	104.43788146972656
at the implacable old man , — exclaimed , “ there remains still some of the magic draught . the heart he let go the <unk> and dropped with a groan . milady , embarrassed , “ i know monsieur de <unk> , monsieur de <unk> , monsieur de <unk> . ” said château-renaud . , d ’ artagnan , in order to have more freedom for his actions , leaned half out of the door ; his eyes were fixed upon those of the mendicant , which were lighted up by a lantern . at all understand you , but i believe all you say to be true . you by his dignity . ” , besides , an idea had struck me . ” gave the	52.04942321777344
signal to stop ; the noise came nearer and nearer . of which alone the use remained to him to the young man , who threw himself upon his neck and wept . <unk> ” stranger to <unk> is a city i have never yet seen . ” around the town and imbibe a little fog . ” ” replied albert , “ when , upon receipt of my letter , you found the necessity of asking the count ’ s assistance , you promptly went to him , saying , ‘ my friend albert de morcerf is in danger ; help me to deliver him. ’ was not that nearly what you said ? ” ” interposed the old nobleman who had proposed the toast , “	106.45630645751953
let the young people alone ; let me tell you , on one ’ s wedding day there are more agreeable subjects of conversation than dry politics . ” waiting about half an hour , amid a crowd of courtiers , when all the doors were thrown open , and his majesty was announced . you tell me many more marvellous things , i warn you i shall not believe them . ” small stature , with hair <unk> rather by suffering and sorrow than by age . “ _a propos_ , sire , do not forget to tell her majesty the evening before the fête that you should like to see how her diamond studs become her . ” <unk> of the abbé , perhaps his kind	127.65081024169922
charity , perhaps his persuasive words , which had restored the courage of noirtier , for ever since he had conversed with the priest his violent despair had yielded to a calm resignation which surprised all who knew his excessive affection for valentine . ” said the king , caressing it with his hand , “ yes , my arthur , thou art a fond and faithful creature . ” , i have a ray of hope left ; listen . ” broussel was somewhat moved , but seeing him bow politely he rose and bowed also . liberty without riches if it had been offered to him ? mme . he had forgotten this <unk> of presents , which ought to have cemented our friendship , or	172.35678100585938
whether he did not recollect me , he sought to take me , but , on the contrary , it was i who captured him and a dozen of his band . in it ? ” ? monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ” asked an officer who appeared at that moment upon the threshold of the room . true , ” said maximilian , and he again subsided into his thoughtful mood . part of this project gutenberg™ electronic work , you indicate that you have read , understand , agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property ( trademark/copyright ) agreement . hour the governor had appointed , footsteps were heard on the stairs . heaven ! ” cried he , “	58.01985549926758
listen to me ; i have been waiting for someone who has not come . but instead of breaking it , he might have used it to still more advantage . ” that is understood , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ france needs you . ” ” set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement , the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law . he , “ i thank you for your hospitality , which i would gladly have enjoyed longer ; but i must return to paris . ” villefort opened a large register , then went to a table , from the table turned to his	78.35254669189453
registers , and then , turning to morrel , ” said de winter , “ for they are the same men . aramis , “ through an infamous act of treason . ” once more , and this time he was calm as a child awaking from its sleep . had taken place between the cardinal and himself , and drawing the commission from his pocket , said , “ here , my dear athos , this naturally belongs to you . ” lord de winter and the four friends repaired to the convent ; the bells <unk> , the chapel was open , the grating of the choir was closed . of all consciences . more . , ” replied d ’ artagnan , carelessly ; “	46.017059326171875
you see nothing to keep you a little longer in england ? to the <unk> <unk> . monte cristo , “ i have heard that ; but , as <unk> said to hamlet , ‘ it is a law of nature ; their fathers died before them , and they <unk> their loss ; they will die before their children , who will , in their turn , grieve for them . ’ ” said ; “ some ministers are fortunate and find out all that they wish to know . ” villefort , ” murmured the count , “ this scene must often have haunted thy sleepless hours ! ” of doubt , which , if it change not to conviction , must become remorse ! ”	81.14013671875
the count bowed his head , and clasped his hands together . the insult offered to us by that wretch , so she asked permission to travel . ” , and having made his proofs as general , he succeeded in remaining a soldier , instead of being made cardinal . whom you have to deal ! ” you are , do you persist in fixing on me that fascinating eye , which reminds me that i ought to blush ? communicated with one another , did not inspire porthos favorably . greater pleasure than that of fulfilling her grandmother ’ s last injunctions ; there will be no obstacle from that quarter , i assure you . ” dash past here , drawn by the pair of	134.5895538330078
dappled gray horses you saw me with yesterday ; now , at the risk of your own life , you must manage to stop those horses before my door . ” me—it is a question of simple curiosity , and which was suggested by certain ideas passing in my mind relative to mademoiselle danglars—— ” refund - if you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it , you can receive a refund of the money ( if any ) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from . did not scruple much in the case of athos . planchet set off as fast as they could ; and by making a long <unk>	190.8155975341797
avoided the wood and <unk> the city by another gate . faith in life ; it is the privilege of youth to believe and hope , but old men see death more clearly . without anything fresh happening . count ? ” his eminence . his spare little short arms , ridiculous gestures . everything <unk> of nobility , ” replied d ’ artagnan . merely <unk> war against circumstances , not men . the marks are recent . ” the matter over quietly , ” said the count . you are free , your excellency . ” first window in the gallery . ” him , then mournfully shook his head ; but in accordance with dantès ’ request , he began to speak of other matters	141.60372924804688
. carnival he had taken a notion to provide an unusual entertainment for that good town , of which he was the life and soul . the diamond studs , on a bow of the same color as the plumes and the petticoat . this was a declaration of war between the two kingdoms . considerable part of my life in the east , madame , and you are doubtless aware that the orientals value only two things—the fine breeding of their horses and the beauty of their women . ” a <unk> less and a figure more on it . m. morrel ; and i think you will be satisfied on that head . the young princess , falling on her knees , “ have mercy on	97.64429473876953
us ! ” put the madman with the <unk> ” the soldiers seized dantès , who followed passively . strong arms the little girl , whose pretty golden head and smiling face rested on his shoulder , and placed her gently in the carriage ; then jumping on his horse with the elegance of a first-rate esquire , after bowing to athos and d ’ artagnan , he went off close by the door of the carriage , on somebody inside of which his eyes were riveted . not mine , and i can not reveal it in this manner . ” king in bed . ” . jussac , advancing toward them and making a sign to his men to do so likewise , “ halloo ,	100.91146087646484
musketeers ? are turning ? i am to eat alone , ’ remarked the jeweller . ” to make this journey very shortly ? ” the cemetery . said he , “ there are two of them ; one does the work while the other stands <unk> ” he made a sign to ali not to lose sight of the man in the street , and turned to the one in the dressing-room . asked the priest , anxiously and eagerly . young girl ’ s happiness . for his passengers ; hardly had they put foot on deck ere her head was turned towards <unk> , where they were to disembark . corner of the rue de la <unk> when the boy rushed after him like a	74.34956359863281
bloodhound on full scent . ” said milady ; “ the letter is precise . roman crowns ? ” would say that you four were <unk> ! . been my own son , ” replied bertuccio , “ or even my nephew , i would have brought him back to the right road , for the knowledge that you are doing your duty gives you strength , but the idea that i was striking a child whose father i had killed , made it impossible for me to punish him . replied the cardinal . murmured . ? ” monte cristo had made a lively impression on the minds of all the party assembled at the breakfast given by albert de morcerf ; and although debray was not	71.69786071777344
in the habit of yielding to such feelings , he had never been able to shake off the powerful influence excited in his mind by the impressive look and manner of the count , consequently the description given by lucien to the baroness bore the <unk> tinge of his own heated imagination . ; i have only heard that an emperor of china had an oven built expressly , and that in this oven twelve jars like this were successively <unk> . once to assume the command of the _pharaon_ , and look carefully to the <unk> of her <unk> . d ’ artagnan , “ it is the queen ’ s diamond . ” it not ? ” the world for the love of you ; now	99.60515594482422
that i see you , young and with a promising future , <unk> that i think of all that may result to you in the good fortune of such a disclosure , i shudder at any delay , and tremble lest i should not assure to one as worthy as yourself the possession of so vast an amount of hidden wealth . ” woman of whom he had spoken the evening before , and who had just arrived ; this woman entered , and approaching milady ’ s bed , offered her services . ” prisoners in it , ” answered comminges . my lord ; for truly , at this moment when there is question of war , i confess to you that i see nothing in	93.1267318725586
your grace but an englishman , and consequently an enemy whom i should have much greater pleasure in meeting on the field of battle than in the park at windsor or the corridors of the <unk> which , however , will not prevent me from executing to the very point my commission or from laying down my life , if there be need of it , to accomplish it ; but i repeat it to your grace , without your having personally on that account more to thank me for in this second interview than for what i did for you in the first . ” , ” was the reply contained in his look ; and this look expressed a feeling of strong indignation , mixed with	131.8401641845703
profound contempt . my affairs , ” said mazarin , “ since you will tell me naught of yours . do me the kindness to give him my regards and tell him that i am his neighbor . honor , is at the other end of the village ; i know it well . ” chair , with her hands extended , as if to conjure this terrible apparition . , and doubtless pitied his prospects , <unk> under the perfumed breath of a woman . an emissary of the cardinal ’ s gave him to understand that he was wrong in receiving the coadjutor so often . my eyes ? ” and she leaned against the window . the depths of my heart , ” said the	61.01529312133789
young man , taking the spoon from the hands of monte cristo . ” he asked , pointing to the captain ’ s cabin . opportunity to give the duke this proof of his devotion , and the young woman and the handsome musketeer entered the louvre by the wicket of the <unk> without any interference . porthos , “ it is the one that ought to have been sent to me at first . , accompanied her . ” , ” said mousqueton , with a modest air . , my lord ? ; is there not also a matrimonial engagement contemplated for him ? ” ” at it . morrel still more than valentine ’ s absence had done . deal with four men , d	48.162864685058594
’ artagnan , i would allow you to go alone . made the tears start from monte cristo ’ s eyes ; but these tears disappeared almost instantaneously , for , doubtless , god had sent some angel to collect <unk> more precious were they in his eyes than the richest pearls of guzerat and <unk> . resumed bertuccio , “ your excellency may , perhaps , be able to comprehend that this place , which i revisit for the first <unk> garden , the actual scene of my <unk> have given rise to reflections of no very agreeable nature , and produced that gloom and depression of spirits which excited the notice of your excellency , who was pleased to express a desire to know the cause	136.718017578125
. laporte , ” the child said ; and then added in a loud voice , “ to any one except mancini . ” immediately , and although it was three o ’ clock in the morning and he had some of the worst quarters of paris to traverse , he met with no misadventure . have requested this interview ; i will tell you in two words , sir ; i will not marry count andrea cavalcanti . ” so , ” at length said eugénie ; “ return by the same road you came , and we will say nothing about you , unhappy wretch . ” friend , that we have work cut out for us in the direction of charenton ; i hope to	71.68032836914062
see monsieur de chatillon , whom i ’ ve hated for a long time , there . ” watch . at six o ’ clock in the morning , remembered perfectly that , just as he was taking his post a few minutes past four , a young man arrived on horseback , with a little boy before him . to fetch porthos and aramis . had chosen his place for listening at his ease . . talk with the boy , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and make out if you can from his conversation whether his master is dead . ” he placed his feeble influence at her majesty ’ s command . the brigadier , stopping the servant , “ the person who	59.16546630859375
is ringing appears to want something more than a waiter ; we will attend upon him with a gendarme . understanding , they reached leghorn . , no , ” said madame de saint-méran ; “ but i was impatiently waiting for your arrival , that i might send for your father . ” have you decided ? ” cried jussac for the third time . infamous de wardes , ” said milady , between her teeth , “ and i shall soon know how to get rid of you—you double idiot , you animated sword blade ! ” will , i trust , be amply satisfied on this point at least . ” one his post . ” said d ’ artagnan , with the most charming	79.7279052734375
smile and putting his hand on the young man ’ s shoulder , “ if the illustrious general oliver cromwell has disposed of our prisoners in your <unk> , he has , of course , made that act of donation in writing . ” and almost immediately fell into that deep sleep which is sure to visit men of twenty years of age , even when they are torn with remorse . who alone recognized you has been the only one to comprehend you ; and had she crossed your path , and you had crushed her like glass , still , edmond , still she must have admired you ! cried d ’ artagnan , making them a sign to replace in the scabbard their <unk> swords	117.18315887451172
. right , _pardieu ! _ ” what he did , but i have inquired and i have been told all about it . ” accordance with the spanish character ; an assassination they will unhesitatingly commit , but an act of cowardice , never . ” does he reside , pray ? ” a fearful sleep . to witness this old man , apparently a mere useless burden , becoming the sole protector , support , and adviser of the lovers who were both young , beautiful , and strong . dantès , “ i see nothing but broken lines and unconnected words , which are rendered illegible by fire . ” case , my dear valentine , you must yourself have felt , or at all	128.53726196289062
events will soon feel , the effects of his presence . vigor into dantès ; he had , till then , forgotten the date ; but now , with a fragment of plaster , he wrote the date , 30th july , 1816 , and made a mark every day , in order not to lose his reckoning again . into the mass of documents piled before him , he opened the drawer of his desk , touched a spring , and drew out a parcel of cherished <unk> , amongst which he had carefully arranged , in characters only known to himself , the names of all those who , either in his political career , in money matters , at the bar , or in his	150.27935791015625
mysterious love affairs , had become his enemies . let us talk about it , since you desire it , ” replied aramis , patiently . cried athos , with a gentle blush . therefore , for eleven o ’ clock , desiring signor pastrini to inform him the moment that albert returned to the hotel . ” but go on . ” replied guitant , “ such ministers do not weigh men in the same balance ; they get their information on war from warriors ; on intrigues , from intriguers . was digging busily at one of the beds , stuck his spade in the earth , and approached , cap in hand , striving to conceal a quid of tobacco he had just thrust into	144.24624633789062
his cheek . the cabal headed by the duke of beaufort ; and the ‘ coxcomb ’ arrested de beaufort and banished madame de chevreuse . ” me ! matters when porthos summoned him to dinner . nothing , though i had made a hole twice as large as the first . ” said felton , touching the bag of money with his foot . came to meet monte cristo less with the intention of receiving him than to exclude his entry . me more gently , father ; in my last moments i need a friend . ” he gave way to his own <unk> were in accordance with those of the queen—had accomplished more than the most astute diplomacy could have attempted . monte cristo ,	125.5180892944336
“ what do you see in that to annoy you ? ” i could see in the middle of the lake a large blank mass ; it was the kiosk to which we were going . . long circular benches , reposed the elect ; that is to say , those who were called . , but we can not make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states . lucien , i assure you , ” replied madame danglars ; “ and what i have told you is really the case , added to the ill-humor you remarked , but which i did not think it worth while to allude to . ” see if by <unk> all my pockets you can	85.57235717773438
find forty pistoles ; and if you can find them , bring them to me . lose it , for you are going to alter your correspondent ’ s message . ” ; and you understand that they would have saved the king . ” have been amiss , ” said porthos ; “ but it <unk> us to find it . ” interrogative eye said , “ which ? ” , the poor penitent was unable to shut the door so close as to prevent the passions he fled from entering with him . excellent disposition to die <unk> . and it seemed to him as if everyone had left the cell . to become pope on the first opportunity , allowing me then the right of	67.38661193847656
demanding full indulgences for myself and my friends . ” these worldly ideas ; were you a priest i should not dare tell you that , but you are a man , and you know mankind . will there be a pie ? ” expression , to be summoned , but he had disappeared . relative , ” answered the abbé . d ’ artagnan , “ they will have left a chicken , at <unk> ” he dismounted and knocked on the door . felton , “ <unk> <unk> he ? him ? ” , ” said his host ; “ it shows you have a <unk> for an oriental life . in any <unk> excitement of the nervous <unk> was it ; a case of <unk>	58.032833099365234
<unk> more . said d ’ artagnan , entering by the door which the young woman opened for him , “ allow me to tell you that you have a bad sort of a husband . ” permission . ” not exchange another word till they reached their quarters , except to give the watchword to the sentinels . mercy of every <unk> in the palais royal who covers waste paper with nonsense , or of every country <unk> in the kingdom . ” was told , with the impertinence peculiar to hired <unk> and innkeepers with their houses full , that there was no room for him at the hôtel de londres . the seal of which i am not to break till i reach london ;	88.76868438720703
but since you tell me to whom it is addressed , ’ tis useless to wait till then . ” gentlemen , and does not m. mouston ’ s suggestion appear to you full of sense ? ” secret to remain with us ? have a pie supplied you by the new confectioner opposite the castle , and who is no other than noirmont , your former maitre d ’ hotel . all . ” ” exclaimed eugénie , “ what has happened to your ward ? whilst he absorbed his favorite sweetmeat , but when he had finished , he inquired : ” said monte cristo . judge the actions of one period from the point of view of another . sought for a long time on	94.80748748779297
the perch , to which it had retired to die of old age . and wanted to empty it into grimaud ’ s hands , but grimaud shook his head . s silence , and then a voice , in excellent french , although , with a foreign accent , said : by me—i was not even aware of it ; but you have , by the step you have taken , called my attention to the paragraph in question , and it will remain until it shall be either contradicted or confirmed by someone who has a right to do so . ” in politics ? ” all ! who had pursued me during a whole year , who had vowed my dishonor , and who ,	91.3173599243164
by the first words that issued from his mouth , gave me to understand he had accomplished it the preceding night . ” , preserved a graceful suavity of demeanor , aided by a certain degree of simplicity he could assume at pleasure , and thus possessed the advantage . d ’ artagnan , “ but he has taken a long time to let me know his thoughts ; ” nevertheless , he bowed to the very ground in gratitude for mazarin ’ s compliment . to the prisoner . , i am a <unk> to you ? ” , ” said buckingham ; “ but remain within sound of the bell . dear monsieur d ’ artagnan , that if i had obtained them from any other	61.93109130859375
source , or if they had been confided to me , there exists no confessor more discreet than myself . ” ” said albert , “ i see you were preparing for a game of cards . ” with a stupefied air , but did not say a word . hundred louis he had reserved for his journey from rome to venice were in his trousers pocket , and in that of his greatcoat he found the little <unk> containing his letter of credit for 5,050,000 francs . especial talent ? ” it is because he has a wife and family , and ambitious desires for himself and them . yes ; this instant , i entreat you . ” either rope ladders or <unk> now . ”	98.92007446289062
three o ’ clock in the afternoon , they arrived at surgères . the young man , bowing ; “ i can refuse nothing asked of me thus . your eminence , ” said the queen , “ i must inform you that charles i. , my husband , is on the eve of a decisive engagement . still at the waters ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . river the executioner approached milady , and bound her hands and feet . ” replied the old man , “ i did not turn to that source for recreation or support . ” any trouble over treaties when it was a question of shooting the poor duc d ’ enghien . ” be groslow , if he meets him	59.412357330322266
. ” responded madame de villefort in the same tone . , happy in golden <unk> . have considered the disclosure of m. de villefort insignificant , or else dictated by venal <unk> ” these words were an allusion to the sentiments which the minister of police had uttered with so much confidence an hour before . . these suspicions to any person beside myself ? ” foundation ( “ the foundation ” or pglaf ) , owns a compilation copyright in the collection of project gutenberg™ electronic works . to them and again recommend silence . the cause of his father ’ s dishonor , the cause of the fearful ruin which has fallen on my house . ” the windows at the palazzo rospoli , by	94.32032012939453
way of recompense for the loss of our beautiful scheme , i don ’ t know but what i should have held on by my original plan . was perceived even in the royal carriage . was so extraordinary and curious , that the interest they had felt for the count ’ s safety became now quite a secondary matter . ” said buckingham , looking at felton with astonishment , and dwelling upon each syllable of the three words as he pronounced them . said the august visitor , “ it was my first intention to speak of the matters that have brought me here to the queen , my sister , but i have reflected that political affairs are more especially the concern of men .	92.19397735595703
” ” said athos ; “ but d ’ artagnan will discover one . ” nothing more to ask for madame de longueville ? ” on the morrow , and was still better received than on the evening before . , ” answered athos , “ we should not be taken there by lord de winter , for he would come in for his share ; he was one of us . ” is the last thing extinguished in the heart of man , he finished by hoping that he might survive , even though with terrible wounds , in both these duels ; and in case of <unk> , he made the following <unk> upon his own conduct : man , who seemed to have fainted .	52.75563430786133
” said d ’ artagnan , not in the slightest degree embarrassed in the role he was playing . ” cried d ’ artagnan , who began to get a glimpse of the result of the adventure , “ the thing is serious . said , “ you are not the same here as in paris . ” the god i adore , were <unk> because i called upon that religion and that god , but still i resisted . the young man , “ if there did appear some defect in education , or offence against the established forms of etiquette , i suppose it would be excused , in consideration of the misfortunes which accompanied my birth , and followed me through my youth . ”	69.37792205810547
the government . ” turned towards the cemetery , where he felt sure of finding morrel . , “ there is quite a gap between that fate and the <unk> coronet you promised me , d ’ artagnan . ” door beauchamp stopped morcerf . they would attack , and they must reach it by the back staircase , or by the window in the dressing-room . men born with a pen behind the ear , and an <unk> in place of a heart . wait to be told twice , but passing under the horse ’ s head disappeared at the corner of the rue guenegaud . ask of you , dear love . ” you speak ! ” cried valentine . father my fears that he	71.37401580810547
had wanted many things in my absence , and to convince me he emptied his purse on the table . said eugénie , while turning over the leaves of madame de villefort ’ s album , “ add that you have taken a great fancy to the young man . ” shall be deceived all my life perhaps , but i shall always have faith in a person whose countenance inspires me with sympathy . ” that render your nation superior to any other , ” returned monte cristo . said the baron , seating himself in the armchair opposite that occupied by milady , and stretching out his legs carelessly upon the hearth , “ it appears we have made a little <unk> ! ” passed ,	70.09354400634766
mounted on raoul ’ s horse , waving his <unk> cap and crying , “ broussel ! ” said the old man , with a smile ; “ and by your leave i will use your purse moderately , for they would say , if they saw me buy too many things at a time , that i had been obliged to await your return , in order to be able to purchase them . ” ; though he was in his own element . ” signal . ” them , and galloped by the side of his companions . ground , and have an undoubted right to place a ladder against the wall , and to look over when i please , without having any apprehensions of	67.61907196044922
being taken off by the police as a suspicious character . , lose sight of milady , and in a mirror he perceived the change that came over her face . , wake the porter , and send him for a surgeon . ” when he addresses me , that i forget it ever can be bitter to others . s ’ est leve ce matin ; <unk> <unk> <unk> ’ il <unk> <unk> le mazarin . should deign to be godfather to the child she has just borne ; and that my lord , after having been present at the christening , should go to proffer his homage to our holy father the pope . ” longer surrounded by that dark line which nights of <unk> pencil	178.6229248046875
too infallibly , seemed larger , more liquid than ever . time ? ” asked the man in the cloak . la rochelle appeared impregnable . butcher would not let his horse out like that without knowing where it was going . of policy ! ” replied the cardinal , knitting his brow in his turn , “ the secret of many unknown things might perhaps be found in your brains , if we could read them as you read that letter which you concealed as soon as you saw me coming . ” days , if you like , the civil marriage shall be celebrated without pomp or ceremony . you see , a very valuable animal , ” said maximilian . were the happiest man alive	118.87135314941406
at this instant . ” the signs which might have confounded her with a lady of rank . maximilian , whether in former days , when our fathers dwelt at marseilles , there was ever any <unk> between them ? ” of a young man in paris ? franz , “ this time , m. albert , i am bound to give you credit for having hit upon a most capital idea . ” pale but nevertheless still splendid , was setting in the horizon , <unk> at once the heavens and the sea with bands of fire , and casting upon the towers and the old houses of the city a last ray of gold which made the windows sparkle like the reflection of a conflagration .	128.7538604736328
” said aramis . , and sell it ; it is worth fifty thousand francs , and i repeat my wish that this sum may suffice to release you from your wretchedness . ” happen an event which saved austria ? ? ” asked albert . call those friends who betray and ruin you , ” murmured the wife in her turn , in a low , muttering voice . for the end of the month these bills which have been assigned to us by the house of <unk> , and the house of wild & <unk> of marseilles , amounting to nearly <unk> francs ; in all , 287,500 francs . ” the king eagerly . said morcerf , “ but is it a play we are	83.78429412841797
acting ? ” ? ” i have an excuse , for mine would not be the first hand of a man that has been placed upon you , i imagine . ” his will in my favor . ” him previously to coming hither ? ” that same morning it was well known that he leaned much to the side of the fronde ; and mazarin , in requesting the archbishop of paris to make his nephew preach , had evidently had the intention of administering to monsieur de retz one of those italian kicks he so much enjoyed giving . start ? ” valentine ; “ adieu , my sweet <unk> , my sister ! ” at my age they say that we have no more tears	108.14238739013672
, —still i think that when one is in trouble one should have the power of weeping . <unk> all were now convinced that they had to do with someone more powerful than <unk> athos the post of speaker . baron , but the same idea came across me the first time i came here ; it looked so gloomy i should never have bought it if my steward had not taken the matter into his own hands . like ! ” <unk> on the subject were very limited and concise ; he told her , in fact , that an explanation had taken place between m. noirtier , m. d ’ épinay , and himself , and that the marriage of valentine and franz would consequently be	114.05692291259766
broken off . little table , on which were ink , paper , and pens . actor in the drama . ” adieu . ” me , ” she continued , “ hide nothing from <unk> is , in truth , the king ’ s position ? the hôtel of the musketeers , where everyone considered him a good comrade . friend . cried d ’ artagnan , becoming more pale than the white veil of his mistress . dessessart ’ s valet came to d ’ artagnan ’ s lodging , and gave him a bag containing seven thousand livres . in order that the instrument may not be <unk> , i am anxious to give it the greatest possible authenticity , therefore , one of my	53.511627197265625
colleagues will help me , and , contrary to custom , will assist in the <unk> of the testament . coward ! ” said monte cristo . ” you—— ” moment , and plunged the knife into his side up to the handle . is a merchant , placed me with his correspondent , who in turn sent his son to join our house in london . ” at each other . it ; what i heard of his symptoms <unk> too well with what i have seen in the other <unk> ” villefort ceased to contend ; he only groaned . is impossible . ” ? ” rich , —very rich , indeed , ” continued debray , taking out some papers from his pocket-book , which	87.20458984375
he spread upon the table . —said pastrini , still striving to gain his point . my lawful wife before my lips even shall have approached your forehead . ” beaufort to be arrested ? ” unhappily but too true . their turn then advanced along the same path , which , at the distance of a hundred paces , led them over a declivity to the bottom of a small valley . be guilty , ’ said he , ‘ and did really put in to the island of elba ; if he is really charged with a letter for the bonapartist committee at paris , and if they find this letter upon him , those who have supported him will pass for his <unk> ’ i	109.63617706298828
confess i had my fears , in the state in which politics then were , and i held my tongue . count on the 26th may at seven o ’ clock in the evening . said another guard , who might have been thought asleep on a bench , but who had lost not a syllable of the conversation , “ do you suppose that men can escape their destiny ? your sisters . ? ” cried the young girl , extending her hand through the opening , and seizing maximilian by his coat , for she understood from her own agitated feelings that her lover ’ s calmness could not be real ; “ where are you going ? ” the prisoner , “ i am the	61.75433349609375
abbé faria , born at rome . wait ; directly afterwards the door was opened wide enough to admit her , and when she had passed through , it was again shut . sir , ” said buckingham ; “ speak ! ” friend , ” said the count , with the smile which he made at will either terrible or benevolent , and which now expressed only the <unk> feeling ; “ i am not an inspector , but a traveller , brought here by a curiosity he half <unk> of , since he causes you to lose your time . ” journeyed along , a profound sadness weighed upon his heart . much honor , ” said the host , “ and i thank you sincerely	88.4032974243164
for your kind wish . ” say the least . ” ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you are right . the officer , “ i thought you were in his service and that it was he who sent you to general cromwell . ” will not ! ” the appointed hour , the four friends met . dantès advanced with outstretched hands until he touched the wall ; he then sat down in the corner until his eyes became accustomed to the darkness . told already , monseigneur , ” cried bonacieux , giving his interrogator the title he had heard the officer give him , “ but i swear to you that i know nothing about it . ” , i will answer	39.00523376464844
for the king ’ s safety . ” said debray , like the rest , paying an involuntary <unk> to the sad event , — “ poor girl , so young , so rich , so beautiful ! curiosity mingled with hatred ; i wished to see what villefort was going to do there , and i remained motionless , holding my breath . albert had not come back . he was about to land , without any other escort than these men , on an island which had , indeed , a very religious name , but which did not seem to franz likely to afford him much hospitality , thanks to the smugglers and bandits . d ’ avrigny , in a voice in which the	91.10567474365234
horror of a judge <unk> the truth was mingled with the delight of a <unk> making a discovery . we are alone , ” said athos , “ let us talk of yourself . ” a mute promptitude which showed him accustomed to obey blindly and without reply . sir , ” replied monte cristo . s energetic and violent temper ; it must be , indeed , a dreadful blow which would deprive him of courage to defend himself . in from all sides , emerging from the doors , descending from the windows . ” wearing a handkerchief like yours on my head , rags on my back , and worn-out shoes on my feet , you would not have known me . ” have left	88.1836929321289
elba , to go whither i know not , but assuredly to attempt a landing either at naples , or on the coast of tuscany , or perhaps on the shores of france . the honest notary , “ the count is , i think , mistaken ; it is only fifty thousand francs , everything included . ” going— ” said aramis . of <unk> the hashish . ” speak , ” said d ’ artagnan , who instinctively scented something advantageous . reason for <unk> me to go alone ? ” , advantageous to him in one sense , for in proportion as the perspiration broke from his forehead , his heart began to cool . o ’ clock , ” replied d ’ artagnan .	77.75013732910156
and mad prisoners are in the dungeons . ” and my own . heavy weight which hastened his rapid descent , it seemed to him as if the fall lasted for a century . at <unk> ” entered the ground floor room , the cardinal , without asking further information , ascended the staircase like a man who has no need of having his road pointed out to him . ; “ these devils of english , how suspicious they are ! ” whom the glorious musketeer had picked up on the bridge <unk> , making rings and <unk> in the water . so , ” said tréville , “ we are . ” shall benefit by your advice this very evening . ” of so doing ,	100.829833984375
” said monte cristo . sweetest pastime such events could accord a woman of her <unk> a beautiful vengeance . case , we can manage famously , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ which of the two horses will you <unk> which you bought or the one that was given to you ? ” caderousse had taught him . drew his sword , and placed himself in the way . to us , to four men who compelled such a man as richelieu to act as we pleased ? said , “ i swear to you my soul is no longer my own . ” that , <unk> save you . ” ’ artagnan saw a man sitting in a corner by the fire . ” cried	62.56277084350586
aramis . off ! ” exclaimed porthos . edmond , smiling , “ these are the treasures the cardinal has left ; and the good abbé , seeing in a dream these glittering walls , has indulged in fallacious hopes . ” m. de tréville , “ we fancy that we have each cause to complain of the other , and i am come to endeavor to clear up this affair . ” the banker , drawing himself up with a haughty air , “ the extent of my resources has never yet been questioned . ” ; the duke fights against us . our dear monsieur coquenard ? monte cristo at such an hour , his mysterious , fanciful , and extraordinary entrance into her room through	79.09719848632812
the wall , might well seem impossibilities to her shattered reason . in your attire , the better will be the effect , as you are a rich man . , but she did not answer . sorts of affairs were mysterious , it was better not to fathom them . a niece ! ” interrupted porthos . said gondy , shaking rochefort by the hand , who descended in his turn and closed the trap after him . ” said anne , “ why do you not kiss me ? ” be <unk> they think they will arrest him ? ” asked grimaud . withdraw from the partially open door ; and twice or three times he even saw the shadow of a person intercept the light	93.52943420410156
. restored him to light for an ordinary young man . three feet long by two feet broad was cleared , and dantès could see an oaken coffer , bound with cut steel ; in the middle of the lid he saw engraved on a silver plate , which was still untarnished , the arms of the spada <unk> , a sword , _en <unk> , on an <unk> shield , like all the italian armorial bearings , and surmounted by a cardinal ’ s hat . ” said du tremblay . front of him , looking with a kind of involuntary admiration at his handsome face , <unk> both gravity and sweetness of expression . ? ” they all asked . , hearing no news of her	156.24830627441406
lover , had come unobserved to inquire after him . for a second invitation ; four strokes of the <unk> brought them to land ; gaetano sprang to shore , exchanged a few words with the sentinel , then his comrades disembarked , and lastly came franz . place where they halted was a young man in black , who seemed waiting for some one , and who , from the moment he saw them enter the town , never took his eyes off them . the chief , turning towards the young men , “ perhaps the offer may not appear very tempting to you ; but if you should ever feel inclined to pay me a second visit , wherever i may be , you shall	112.06542205810547
be welcome . ” m. coquenard and bade him farewell . i would risk my life for you . ” shall be proud to face the bullets , or even the rope , in company with you , athos ; for you have never seemed to me so grand as you are to-day . ” mousqueton , who , abandoning his horse on the high road , had come on foot to rejoin his master , “ phoebus could no longer hold out and—— ” m. de villefort , who sat half bowed over in his chair , offering him consolation , encouragement , and protestations of zeal and sympathy . ” and pompous in his manner , and he is <unk> by his uniform ; but when	91.819091796875
it becomes known that he has been for eighteen years in the austrian service , all that will be pardoned . ” said the queen , with her most <unk> smile , “ go and return at midnight . ” uttered one word the whole of this time . up a silver bell , and rang it ; the officer entered . by an extraordinary movement . ? ” asked the host . with the lion ’ s head , which cæsar wore when he wanted to greet his friends with a clasp of the hand . the duke . , a young man fifteen years of age , attached to the prince de <unk> he the honor of being known to you ? ” <unk> in allowing	56.75419998168945
the sarcastic aramis to perceive how strong were his paternal feelings . school of the abbé faria , the worthy master of _la jeune amélie_ ( the name of the genoese tartan ) knew a <unk> of all the tongues spoken on the shores of that large lake called the mediterranean , from the arabic to the provençal , and this , while it spared him <unk> , persons always troublesome and frequently indiscreet , gave him great <unk> of communication , either with the vessels he met at sea , with the small boats sailing along the coast , or with the people without name , country , or occupation , who are always seen on the quays of <unk> , and who live by hidden and	201.07501220703125
mysterious means which we must suppose to be a direct gift of providence , as they have no visible means of support . . those men , ” said the queen , as she watched him retiring from her presence ; “ and it is now too late , for in a year the king will be of age . ” return ? —the emperor is no longer on the throne , then ? ” ” said lord de winter , “ after having played comedy , after having played tragedy , we are now playing melancholy ? ” the narrator ; “ that was the name which the traveller gave to vampa as his own . ” traveling this way , to whom he proposed a game	92.07803344726562
of _lansquenet_ . ” ran through his whole body , and clutched his heart in a grasp of ice . she , with her finest <unk> voice , and rapping at the window . said nothing , but their silence seemed to imply consent . me any more ? ” cash . if the young man should want a few thousands <unk> ” and honor ; and as m. de la <unk> protestant , and seeing the king <unk> of no party , he did not , in general , carry any <unk> into his social relations . to warn the king , but that very moment i felt a blow as if the house was falling on my head , and fell insensible . pardon to every	105.88095092773438
sin ! vampa , shepherd of the san-felice farm . ’ the minister ’ s secretary and the <unk> , and , by way of paying extra attention to his noble neighbors , promised to keep their places while they paid a visit to beauchamp . of the year <unk> and as he had <unk> habits , he found it hanging on its nail . caderousse , “ what a strange priest you are ; you drive the dying to despair , instead of consoling them . ” he , “ do you suppose for a moment that a man can sustain a physical shock , such as m. noirtier has received , without any <unk> to his mental faculties ? ” beauchamp , who , as became	107.41446685791016
a journalist , was very incredulous , “ you always carry this drug about you ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , bowing , “ we have had that honor . at general cromwell ’ s . but a sword thrust is a sword thrust , whatever be the age of him who gives it , and a youth is less to be suspected than an older man , ” and the stranger fell into a reverie which lasted some minutes . cry of one who is being murdered , ” murmured the host . if you know who this man is , ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ tell me who he is , and whence he is . that marie michon , ” resumed	70.58158111572266
athos , “ one of those wild creatures who are constantly <unk> the strangest ideas . mousqueton ; “ suppose any one came into the room . ” you must advise me what to do . ” magnificent . ” the countess , breathlessly , with her eyes fixed on monte cristo , whose arm she convulsively pressed with both hands , “ we are friends , are we not ? ” out to battle and they have been <unk> . ” , ” said château-renaud . you to say ? you nothing , then ? ” has conquered me , the legitimate monarch is he who is loved by his people . ” my lord , that the duc de beaufort has contrived to escape from the	45.99169921875
chateau of vincennes . ” for the convenience of the house , to lodge in the fourth story ; and truth <unk> us even to confess that his chamber was just above the <unk> and below the roof . , ” exclaimed porthos . the soldiers running to their arms ; the trumpets sounded ; the drums beat ; the duc de beaufort drew his sword . not return their fire . ” is as i have said , maximilian , —there is no one in the world of whom i can ask help but yourself and my grandfather , who is little better than a <unk> support to cling to but my mother in heaven ! ” cristo was assailed by a multitude of thoughts . go	89.45590209960938
about his business ? ” and myself in france is already irksome to him ; much more so would be that of the king . , that unhappy woman ? ” and saw that he was followed by another man . the queen took out of prison . ” one , my dear friend , ” said aramis . examining this portrait with no less care than he had bestowed upon the other , when another door opened , and he found himself opposite to the count of morcerf in person . as the two friends approached to enter , they showed them every kind of civility , thinking them <unk> from the royal party and wishing to bind them to their own . ; that makes seventy	83.08123779296875
. ” ’ artagnan was to return it , but milady added , “ no , no ! fallen into the hands of the famous bandit chief , in whose existence he had for so long a time refused to believe . the country where she lived . ” , is astonished at the sight of such unusual splendor , and the police have made inquiries . ” comprehended your instructions ? ” ” how vivid his eye , how <unk> his hair , and his brow , though so pale , is free from wrinkles , —he is not only vigorous , but also young . ” out of the ten he had asked from mordaunt ; he was therefore occupied in <unk> his reply to cromwell	92.6230239868164
, when some one knocked gently at the door of communication with the queen ’ s apartments . villefort , that you are talking in a most dreadfully revolutionary strain ? planchet , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ and as a proof , there is a crown to drink my health . ” good wishes and this kiss bring you good fortune ! ” fear , except from you ? ” coming amongst us was to present a pair of horses , worth 32,000 francs , to madame danglars ; his second , the almost miraculous preservation of madame de villefort ’ s life ; now it seems that he has carried off the prize awarded by the jockey club . ! _ that is very	85.70670318603516
easily done . rich , hell has given you another name , hell has almost made you another face ; but it has neither effaced the stains from your soul nor the brand from your body . ” said , d ’ artagnan paid no attention to this persistence of poor kitty . ? ” least fifty thousand francs . ” observed by henrietta maria and for which she had vainly sought to discover a reason , was occasioned by the battle of lens , announced by the prince ’ s messenger , the duc de chatillon , who had taken such a noble part in the engagement ; he was , besides , charged to hang five and twenty flags , taken from the lorraine party ,	127.95551300048828
as well as from the spaniards , upon the arches of notre dame . to address the guards , dantès turned to the nearest gendarme , and taking his hand , she responded to his love . ” , <unk> or four-and-twenty years old , mild , amiable , and well made ? ” ” whatever may happen , ” said d ’ artagnan , placing his hand upon his breast and bowing , “ an eternal gratitude toward your eminence for that which you now do for me . ” handle of the door ; valentine , who understood sooner than anyone her grandfather ’ s answer , and who had often seen two <unk> upon his right arm , drew back a few steps . gave	79.48955535888672
an air of such extreme probability to this statement that it never once occurred to jacopo to doubt its accuracy . too , monsieur . , breathed a sigh , and addressing the queen : athos , “ woe to de winter , for the child had done no harm . ” when it forgets ? for it , ” said monte cristo . ” asked morrel . shall sleep calmly , <unk> in the arms of death . ” louvre , as you know . ” monte cristo gravely , and gazing earnestly on the two liquid pearls that trickled down julie ’ s cheeks , “ had lord wilmore seen what i now see , he would become attached to life , for the tears you	96.04647827148438
shed would reconcile him to mankind ; ” and he held out his hand to julie , who gave him hers , carried away by the look and accent of the count . not familiar with the slang of the rue de <unk> , and as it is fifteen years since we applied this word for the first time to this thing , allow us to explain to them what is a mousetrap . moon , inquisitive , perhaps , like d ’ artagnan , came from behind a cloud and by her light d ’ artagnan recognized the large blue eyes , the golden hair and the classic head of the duchess de longueville . i will wait to pay you my next visit till you are	82.22396087646484
in a better humor . ’ ? ” man attached great importance to an oath . disasters that <unk> the house , cocles was the only one unmoved . s report of the minister of police . lord , ” said raoul . abode ? ” i see , ” said the count , in a voice hoarse from emotion . is the count of monte cristo . ” is impossible . ” let me perish with hunger ? ” for the procureur . ” s lips there played one of those rare and melancholy smiles which seemed to emanate from the depth of his <unk> last trace of youth and happiness that had survived life ’ s <unk> . ring with a dull , heavy sound ,	74.33067321777344
seeming to participate , in the general sadness , before the concierge appeared and peeped through the door , which he opened just wide enough to allow his words to be heard . ? three conditions which displeased mazarin and he offered the prince ten thousand crowns to renounce them . ” the man , who could scarcely believe in such <unk> , “ but is it not to have me hanged ? ” he , “ our syndic is at his post . ” ; monsieur d ’ artagnan belongs to the service ; monsieur d ’ artagnan makes it his business to defend the cardinal , who pays him , as much as we make it ours , we citizens , to attack him , whom	94.48867797851562
he robs . ” ! ” cried the executioner , “ i think i am dying . a few drops of wine and a piece of bread , charles , weary of waiting for death , had suddenly decided to go to meet it and had given the signal for movement . ? ” the old man made him understand with his eyes that he could not answer . so kind before . and movement was added to the crowd . teeth . ’ said he ; ‘ oh , no , you are too charming a mistress to allow me to consent to lose you thus , after i have had the happiness to possess you only a single time . upon the <unk> , thence i	60.55975341796875
passed on to the rhône , whence i descended , merely with the current , to arles ; at arles i was again placed on my <unk> , and continued my journey to marseilles . ” ” he said , “ is monsieur gondy , who hastens to obey your majesty ’ s summons . ” and making a violent effort to control his feelings , — “ i have a son , ” said he , “ and i ought to think of him , finding myself among assassins . ” the stable boys , and the stable boys had beaten him . do you remember that the 5th of <unk> ” ! ” murmured felton . of four young , brave , enterprising , and active	74.84780883789062
men ought to have some other object than swaggering walks , fencing lessons , and practical jokes , more or less witty . difficulty , ” said porthos , “ and a good push with the <unk> ” ” honor to me , ” returned monte cristo , “ to be thus , on the first day of my arrival in paris , brought in contact with a man whose merit equals his reputation , and to whom fortune has for once been equitable , but has she not still on the plains of <unk> , or in the mountains of <unk> , a marshal ’ s staff to offer you ? ” ! ” said he in a low voice , “ you send us away ;	97.71146392822266
you are then angry with us ! ” truth , ” cried the mercer ; “ but monsieur does not tell you— ” , therefore , that the conversation during the whole of dinner turned upon the two checks that his eminence ’ s guardsmen had received . inclination to see the person who kept watch over him . the door of communication opened violently . whom each held by one arm . michon the dress of a cavalier and for kitty that of a lackey ; he sent them two excellent horses , and the fugitives went out hastily from tours , <unk> their course toward spain , trembling at the least noise , following <unk> roads , and asking for hospitality when they found themselves where	136.0962677001953
there was no inn . ” with one already prepared , ” said villefort , entering the room . dead , all will indeed be at an end , my lord , but quite otherwise than you mean . ” ” de bouillon they came across a little troop of three cavaliers , who seemed to know every possible password ; for they walked without either guide or escort , and on arriving at the barricades had nothing to do but to speak to those who guarded them , who instantly let them pass with evident deference , due probably to their high birth . short and elderly , that sort of lackey , dressed in dark clothes , treated without ceremony by the men wearing swords who	181.049072265625
composed the escort , was bonacieux himself . , ” said aramis , coloring ; “ and who affirmed , as i said , that he had received orders from his master or mistress to place the horse in my stable , without informing me whence it came . ” be delayed long enough for you to arrange your <unk> and <unk> affairs . ” here are the health officers and the customs <unk> coming <unk> ” and the young man went to the <unk> . the more readily , since we have them not here ; you know they are buried in the garden of the little house in the allées de meilhan , at marseilles . the bedchamber by an invisible door on the staircase ;	85.65277862548828
it was evident that every precaution had been taken . m. de saint-méran , like his own , could be vastly increased , and the marriage be still more suitable . , here is a gentleman who had none of these resources at his <unk> gentleman , only a simple magistrate , who learned more than you with all your police , and who would have saved my crown , if , like you , he had the power of directing a <unk> ” the look of the minister of police was turned with concentrated spite on villefort , who bent his head in modest triumph . ” , yes , ” replied athos , with the same courtesy ; “ what is there we can do for	82.04759979248047
you ? ” appeared . , then , morrel ? ” asked château-renaud ; “ you do not propose anything . ” life , the life of the woman he loved ; this was , in case of ill fortune , a means of temporizing and obtaining good conditions . <unk> , franz carefully avoided the corso ; he brought away with him a treasure of pious thoughts , to which the mad gayety of the maskers would have been <unk> . said d ’ artagnan , “ can go and inform monsieur laporte . ” today to the director of the royal academy , and tomorrow he will admit you without any expense to yourself . you do with this money , count ? opens before me	76.31000518798828
? ” thought the dying man ; “ that angel resembles the one i have lost . ” must have been cherished by each one of these two friends , for each of them almost immediately sat down by himself at an end of the tent and began to write . you ; an illustrious person awaits you . name , and nothing else . ” something more opaque than the fog . ” day i can neither eat flesh nor see it eaten . nor a demon ; i am a daughter of earth , i am a sister of thy faith , that is all . ” , madame , ” replied monte cristo ; “ the waistcoat and the letter were both what is termed	92.90496826171875
circumstantial evidence ; i therefore sent them to the king ’ s attorney . i am there . ” him , <unk> not even tempt him . ” , who had passed a wretched existence since the previous day . was lame and hannibal had but one eye . ” heard near the rue saint denis and occasionally church bells began to ring <unk> and at the caprice of the populace . in pretending to maintain the honor of england , was moved by interests exactly like those of the cardinal . the young man ’ s brow , and he felt as if he should faint . andrea , “ if my father had met me , i doubt if he would have recognized me ; i	85.10829162597656
must be somewhat altered since he last saw me . ” as though their steeds had wings . ! ” exclaimed villefort in an agitated tone ; “ at what number ? ” . does not put mushrooms in his pies ; thou knowest that mushrooms from the wood of vincennes are fatal to my family . ” exclaimed the gascon , “ ’ tis a dreadful night , my lord . of athos , porthos , and aramis to mount guard with d ’ artagnan when he was on duty . of a man like you has done more than my name , my social position , and my merit . ” that what we most ardently desire is as ardently withheld from us by those who	117.9862289428711
wish to obtain it , or from whom we attempt to snatch it . nothing to fear , that i should neither be seen nor heard , so i decided upon descending to the garden . father ! ” murmured she , “ courage ! ” soon , for i shall soon speak out to athos . ” later m. morrel appeared and was saluted with an enthusiastic burst of applause from the crew of the _pharaon_ , who hailed the visit of the shipowner as a sure indication that the man whose wedding feast he thus delighted to honor would ere long be first in command of the ship ; and as dantès was universally beloved on board his vessel , the sailors put no restraint on	162.58412170410156
their tumultuous joy at finding that the opinion and choice of their superiors so exactly <unk> with their own . said d ’ artagnan . , ” rejoined athos , “ tell you , d ’ artagnan , that the queen thought that buckingham had been brought over by a forged letter ? ” thought porthos , “ this is poor work . ? ” demanded milady . and observed everything . ” in another hand : “ see note <unk> can be done . ” return ? ” he has not sold the house for what he gave for it . ” the count , sir , ” said he ; “ he is , doubtless , a delightful man but <unk> peculiar in his ideas .	61.62331771850586
of this house , doubtless hoping i should kill the count and he thus become his heir , or that the count would kill me and i should be out of his way , he <unk> me , and has murdered me . ” child ’ s hand . come out of the wood , and entered the carriage . give me five minutes ’ grace , ” replied morcerf , “ for i also expect a preserver . ” had made rough work of it ; one man was killed on the spot , and two others were severely wounded . see what course they were taking . it was to lock up in an old bureau with a new lock his bag of money , and	90.74083709716797
then as soon as supper was ready he sent away the waiter who brought it up and sat down to table . speculating on the bourse , and has lost money . ” when my wife was ill , he gave me a prescription which cured her . ” there , if the hostess remains the same . milady . myself , ” said he . mad now , and in another year he will be quite so . ” no responsibility . swim to the shore . ” ” was instantly directed towards the priest ’ s garments , as though hoping to discover the <unk> of the treasure . buzzing prevailed from morning till night , while m. de tréville , in his office contiguous to	94.9348373413086
this antechamber , received visits , listened to complaints , gave his orders , and like the king in his balcony at the louvre , had only to place himself at the window to review both his men and arms . my mistress will never love you . ” dantès ’ brow . athos , “ i recur to my first proposal . porthos , his eyes glistening at the news . his jailer recoil with horror , dashed himself furiously against the walls of his prison , <unk> his anger upon everything , and chiefly upon himself , so that the least thing , —a grain of sand , a straw , or a breath of air that annoyed him , led to paroxysms of fury .	164.93016052246094
his <unk> ” but will not prevent my walking . ” you are consoled , i speak to you as a man for whom the human heart has no secrets . anything , ’ says the proverb . ” little later , it isn ’ t worth quarreling over . ” said the swiss , who , notwithstanding the admirable collection of oaths possessed by the german language , had acquired a habit of swearing in french . but four years old when one night i was suddenly awakened by my mother . ” he said , “ why you had me brought here to this desolate spot , in the midst of the ocean , to this subterranean palace ; it was because you loved me ,	100.69232940673828
was it not , count ? inquiring disposition we are acquainted with , had <unk> interest he had in satisfying his curiosity on this <unk> able to assign any cause for these fits , or for the <unk> of their recurrence . secret known but to one ’ s self and the <unk> have ears but no tongue ; but if a large fortune produces happiness , danglars is happy . ” on his way . i am to take off the first one when i have reached a certain place ? ” he could comprehend what it contained . in the background , and take all the glory to himself . , and the room was plunged in frightful obscurity , while the clock at that minute	150.982177734375
struck half-past four . mercy , monsieur ! ” by offering his arm to his daughter . milady , in a sharp voice . be a match for you ! ” murmured milady , between her teeth ; “ be assured of that , you poor spoiled monk , you poor converted soldier , who has cut his uniform out of a monk ’ s frock ! ” athos , who , standing up with outstretched hand and quite out of his mind , thus assailed the public accuser . his chamber , it was necessary to charge us with this commission . ” at being surprised in the midst of wine , cards , and dice . , that chance has rendered me master of a <unk>	93.07727813720703
” ’ s opinion , ” said porthos . lost all trace of her . observed danglars , after having read the paragraph ; “ here is a little article on colonel fernand , which , if i am not mistaken , would render the explanation which the comte de morcerf required of me perfectly unnecessary . ” three gentlemen . austria was full of gayety and animation ; for , after having gained a victory over the spaniard , it had just gained another over the people . you say , a kind feeling towards me . of mutual distress , i send you half my purse ; it is money to obtain which i made mazarin sweat . ” added he , looking gratefully at villefort	115.8449935913086
, “ to be examined by such a man as you ; for this envious person is a real <unk> ” and by the rapid glance that the young man ’ s eyes shot forth , villefort saw how much energy lay hid beneath this mildness . that monte cristo smiled , not with the strange and fearful expression which had sometimes revealed to him the secrets of his heart , but with the benevolent kindness of a father for a child . expedition we surely ought to have brought our muskets . ” cried milady , who began to feel a chill penetrate her heart . mme . continues , ” said mme . d ’ artagnan , a man sprung from the ancient nobility of france	103.17493438720703
, bearing an honorable name , carrying a good sword , have helped to give up a king to <unk> , shopkeepers , and <unk> . ! ” cried the officer , “ have they killed him ? me , ” continued she , pressing with her stiffened hands the two arms of her easy chair , and raising herself upon her wrists . he said that on his way to the funeral he had met monte cristo , who was directing his steps towards the rue de la chaussée d ’ antin , to m. danglars ’ . he is alone it will help us if he will knock on the floor , for then i can continue my work in safety . which had shone for	66.12881469726562
an instant disappeared , and all was again in obscurity . caresses , dignities on concini , who ruined her ; the king made vitry marechal of france for an assassination : while i have left in obscurity , in poverty , the noble d ’ artagnan , who saved me ! ” ! ” cried the king , “ he , a boy ! some light or other might break , convinced as he was that the cardinal had some <unk> and was preparing for him one of those terrible surprises which his eminence was so skillful in getting up . for a moment to wipe his damp , pale brow . long corridor , with which the door communicated , and which formed the antechamber ,	118.61434936523438
was , on the right , albert ’ s breakfast-room , looking into the court , and on the left the salon , looking into the garden . to serve the cause of the people ? ” asked gondy . , on the contrary , ” said danglars : “ but , if you will persist , i will tell you that i have just lost 700,000 francs upon the spanish loan . ” he , “ the coach is ready . ” depart . ” , d ’ artagnan restrained himself with great difficulty from taking a part in the scene that was going on below . ? ” he said . my most intimate friends . ” the outbursts of her mad passion ; and nervous	37.304100036621094
<unk> which agitated her frame disappeared , and she remained folded within herself like a fatigued serpent in repose . , who could boast of dante for a <unk> , and could reckon back to the <unk> <unk> . ” ” said athos , taking his hand , “ you know i love you ; if i had a son i could not love him better . , ” added she , pointing to the <unk> with her finger but without touching it , as if she must be <unk> by it , “ you may carry it back and make use of it yourself , for doubtless you are doubly the accomplice of lord de <unk> accomplice in his persecutions , the accomplice in his heresies .	92.11654663085938
” hat and draw lots . ” said villefort ; “ true , madame de villefort told me you lived at auteuil , since it was to your house that she was taken . of the <unk> in which it has been dissolved . ” ” murmured milady in english . you that , ” replied the inspector ; “ i can only promise to examine into your case . ” england was an island , and that you were the king of it . ” on the back of a chair with his two hands , and said : , prevent me from sleeping with your security . ” , however , ” said mazarin , “ the safest method . ” , then , madame ?	39.33622360229492
” inquired the count ; “ very young , i presume ? ” me , for these are things which a king can not say for himself . ” not let go the hand of d ’ artagnan , led him up a little dark , winding staircase , and after ascending about fifteen steps , opened a door . block , ” answered the man in the mask . my ministers have redoubled their vigilance , in order to watch the shore of the mediterranean . combated , destroyed , overthrown , by that feeling of intimate pain which , on certain occasions , takes possession of our being , and cries to us so as to be understood <unk> that some great misfortune is hanging over	101.2316665649414
us . and soliloquizing , had arrived within a few steps of the hôtel d ’ <unk> and in front of that hôtel perceived aramis , chatting gaily with three gentlemen ; but as he had not forgotten that it was in presence of this young man that m. de tréville had been so angry in the morning , and as a witness of the rebuke the musketeers had received was not likely to be at all agreeable , he pretended not to see him . the midst of war , and am about to deliver a decisive battle against king charles . <unk> wretch ? _ ” asked felton . . ” in need of all her strength . he , on perceiving d ’ artagnan .	70.9476547241211
, ” replied the queen ; “ and that the left hand should not be less liberal than the right , ” she drew from her finger a diamond similar to the one formerly given to him , “ take and keep this ring in remembrance of me . porthos the substance of his interview with the cardinal , and said , taking the commission from his pocket , “ here , my friend , write your name upon it and become my chief . ” one day called out by some <unk> scamp , who has no more real cause of quarrel with me than you have with beauchamp ; he may take me to task for some foolish trifle or other , he will bring his	94.25728607177734
witnesses , or will insult me in some public place , and i am expected to kill him for all that . ” , let you and i go and see what is to be done for our poor friends . ” sign with his head , whereupon the queen said to madame beauvais : ” commanded m. de chevalier dessessart to admit d ’ artagnan as a cadet in his company of guards . becoming mad . ” “ oh , no , no ! ” rising and retreating to the very wall . for them , ” said porthos . blow ! then , at once . ” betraying marks have attracted other eyes than those for whom they were made ? s order , and	83.43505096435547
my dying grandmother ’ s wish ? and don ’ t leave off in a hurry . , pale as a ghost and seizing his master ’ s hand . seeing nature partake of the disorder of her heart . or three hundred paces of the grotto , he thought he heard a cry . with all their might , but nobody listened to them . this cavalier has made you very angry . , and i have very great faith in planchet , who appears to me to be a very good lad . ” in his chamber the personal equipment of a man , complete , except for the sword , arranged along the wall . but strength was on the side of the musketeers .	71.18944549560547
than severity . ” ; i would be alone . side of the room as he would have done from a serpent which was <unk> toward him , and his sword coming in contact with his nervous hand , he drew it almost unconsciously from the scabbard . a very severe tutor , and had never been to paris before . ” they had expected to be thwarted , to have to force the gates , to overturn the guards . son did not come to see him before he went to avenge his father ’ s honor ; but when that was done , why did not his son come and throw himself into his arms ? the château at the same time , but he was	60.16169738769531
not wicked , he was only a poor mad priest . ” thousand things to tell you . to give you any explanation you desire . ” ” ” said the queen . third door that those who solicited or were bidden to an audience underwent their formal interrogatory . read these lines , seen the signature , and recognized the seal , when he bowed to denote that he had no longer any objection to make , and that he was ready to obey . be entire strangers to one another and indifferent to the precautions taken for guarding the king . <unk> , and <unk> along at an easy pace . a moment , and then said , in a gloomy voice , “ suppose it	86.69801330566406
’ s false ? ” cried caderousse , drawing from his waistcoat an open knife , and striking the count in the breast , “ you shall disclose nothing , reverend sir ! ” athos . compromise me a little , ” said monsieur de comminges , with a smile , “ still make your demand . would suffice for him , and he sprang forward like a dart between them . i know what sort of vengeance ! and a <unk> . ” athos , who had seated himself quietly , started up . words about the young greek girl . ” . the possession of this piece of iron than he had ever felt for anything . ” to finish . to this diamond , ”	61.40177917480469
replied the young man . killed , one of you must take it , and continue the route ; if he be killed , it will be another ’ s turn , and so <unk> a single one arrives , that is all that is required . ” better life than i lead now ; but monsieur mazarin is a mean wretch , who won ’ t <unk> himself of his diamond in my favor . ” will reopen at the first loss . ” the rooms with waiters loaded with ices . i received a <unk> upon my head . ” , still shaking his head . name ? ” than that , ” said albert ; “ my mother is wishing to go to the <unk>	60.10477828979492
day is fixed for your dinner ? ” mademoiselle paulet , bitterly , “ he ! , let me now seek the antidote . ” her , ” said the count . , as you have seen ; five or six will <unk> kill , and in a way the more terrible inasmuch as , poured into a glass of wine , it would not in the slightest degree affect its flavor . which was tolerably clever . had thrown off his vest and shirt , and secured his trousers round his waist ; his feet were naked , so he had no shoes and stockings to take off ; after these preparations he placed his finger on his lips , and lowering himself noiselessly into the sea	111.08436584472656
, swam towards the shore with such precaution that it was impossible to hear the slightest sound ; he could only be traced by the <unk> line in his wake . a bastion ? ” said a swiss , who was drinking rum out of a beer glass . , in taking leave , kissed her hand . dark lantern , bunch of keys , and clothing , excepting the waistcoat , which could not be found , were deposited at the <unk> ; the corpse was conveyed to the <unk> . ” said d ’ artagnan , as if to sum up in a word all that conversation , “ if only his eminence would <unk> and grant to monsieur de la fere our liberty . ”	88.92119598388672
eagerness of his father , responded by a look of grateful pleasure ; while mercédès glanced at the clock and made an expressive gesture to edmond . , sir ; justice will be done , ” said villefort . examined the paper attentively , put it into his pocket , and continued eating his peas . dead , father , and it is probable that , with the aid of m. morrel , i shall have his place . oak ; the salon in mahogany , and the furnishings were of blue velvet ; the bedroom was in <unk> and green damask . young man at <unk> that he at all mistrusted him , but for the sake of having someone to whom he could constantly talk of	97.40828704833984
the queen . they could not long delay coming to clear the table , and that felton would then reappear . is as much as i shall want . ” of d ’ artagnan and pushed a spring in the wall ; the slab turned and the orange tree resumed its place . the count of monte cristo live here ? ” d ’ artagnan , who did not wish to undeceive porthos , “ aramis , fancy , has become a monk and a jesuit , and lives like a bear . ” exclaimed morrel , “ i do not deceive <unk> young man who is waving his hat , that youth in the uniform of a lieutenant , is albert de morcerf ! ” , my	68.77338409423828
dear monsieur bernouin , but here is a man whom i must beg you to put in a safe place . ” the island for faria , and faria gave dantès advice as to the means he should employ to recover the treasure . , mother , but <unk> . profound meditation , the young man suddenly exclaimed , “ i have found what you were in search of ! ” should not be seen together ; those guides are nothing but spies , and might possibly recognize you ; and , however i may be honored by your friendship , my worthy friend , if once the extent of our intimacy were known , i am sadly afraid both my reputation and credit would suffer thereby .	118.04463958740234
” the <unk> <unk> , went in once , and he came back amazed , <unk> that such treasures were only to be heard of in fairy tales . ” husband , by the rue saint-laurent , and advanced to the consigne ; it was the point where he had embarked . a fine opportunity for a traitor , my lord ; the chance of being attacked would be an excuse for everything . ” ” replied the mendicant ; “ dismiss your lackey . ” , be always ungrateful . the garden ? ” said debray , advancing towards the back staircase . with me ? ” said she , “ and why do you place your hand on me ? ” that you can do with	55.31482696533203
most project gutenberg™ electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement . enough to be of use against four swords and daggers . ” make a greater display , had that evening borrowed planchet . gentleman , ” resumed the old man , upon whom this mute despair certainly produced a greater effect than cries and tears would have done , “ do not take on so ; they did not kill her , and that ’ s a comfort . ” what he died ! ” asked d ’ avrigny , placing his hand on noirtier ’ s shoulder . ; i will do mine elsewhere . cried the stupefied host , “ some wine ? any time to lose , it is	87.66838073730469
half-past <unk> us set off . ” haydée , her eyes flashing with rage ; “ he sold my father to the turks , and the fortune he <unk> of was the price of his treachery ! rue payenne , to exactly the same spot where , a year before , at the very same hour , he had paid me the compliment i have related to you . engaged with their game , and athos was watching them with so much attention , that they did not even perceive their young companion go out , who , as he had told the guardsman of his eminence , stopped outside the door . early as you <unk> seven o ’ clock ; but beware , if you and	83.5766830444336
your musketeers are guilty . ” the ring and exerted all his strength ; the flag-stone yielded , and disclosed steps that descended until they were lost in the obscurity of a subterraneous grotto . see , tréville , ” interrupted the king , “ it was they who attacked ? ” fere , whose family is allied to the montmorency and the rohan , is easily the equal of monsieur de mazarin . ” good luck , that is all . upon a sofa , with his hand pressed upon the wound . waited tremblingly . us not lose such an opportunity , ” returned monte cristo . led him further than he intended , and the day was beginning to decline when , by the last	87.49018859863281
ray of the setting sun , he thought he saw the barrel of a musket glitter from behind a hedge . this horrible sight ; he felt that he had passed beyond the bounds of vengeance , and that he could no longer say , “ god is for and with me. ” with an expression of indescribable anguish he threw himself upon the body of the child , reopened its eyes , felt its pulse , and then rushed with him into valentine ’ s room , of which he double-locked the door . in the anteroom his guide , who immediately entered into conversation with two or three of the industrious idlers who are always to be found in rome at the doors of <unk> ,	95.39287567138672
churches , <unk> , or theatres . are looking for , ” he said . , ” said the curate , “ till tomorrow . ” an <unk> torture seized upon his heart . sea that stretches in azure calm before the eye ; but he who <unk> ventures within its embrace finds himself struggling with a monster that would drag him down to <unk> . on deck , as the boat was about to double the island of elba . said my enemy , in a jeering tone , ‘ that ’ s quite another thing . ” cried raoul , swimming on ; then addressing the traveler , who was struggling twenty yards in front of him : “ courage , sir ! ” said he	100.56382751464844
, “ courage ! an <unk> in <unk> robes entered , followed by two guards , to whom the king waved an imperious gesture . ” cried milady , with vehemence , so that the baron might believe she was addressing heaven , and that felton might understand she was addressing him . door still had their swords <unk> , but they were leaning on them while they watched the game . he has been with me , i have only had to reproach him with one <unk> too severe with the prisoners . ” ” returned monte cristo negligently ; “ since i have this , i will keep it . ” in despair , die and be damned ! ” and drawing a poniard from beneath	78.88491821289062
his robe he thrust it into the breast of the wounded man , saying , “ here is my absolution ! ” after the little la valliere ; she has <unk> her foot , you know . ” secret ? doubts ; i have courage enough for any danger i can foresee , for every misfortune which i understand . down the side of the ship , seized the cable , and drew it ; it came without the least resistance . ’ s name ? ” ? ” the sword or pistol , in the colonies with the carbine , in <unk> with the dagger . rue coq-héron , no . cardinal saluted the three friends with an inclination of his head , and took the right	70.49043273925781
hand , followed by his <unk> that night he himself slept in the camp . swallowed a few mouthfuls of bread and water , and , thanks to the vigor of his constitution , found himself well-nigh recovered . ” , there is a little <unk> named bonacieux . ” , <unk> on your sword , run after adventures , and leave as in old times a little of your fat on the roadside . ” on returning from the mayor ’ <unk> . ” too much , ” cried milady . beauchamp , taking both his hands , “ take courage , my friend . ” dreams , their wishes , and their conversations , vampa saw himself the captain of a vessel , general of an	96.74984741210938
army , or governor of a province . before going to beauchamp with your witnesses , seek further information on the subject . ” advise me to study ? ” around . a host but a hostess who received him . say , ” replied bonacieux , “ is only that i may know whether i am <unk> you . ” been here that you are ignorant of all this ? ” was for the moment clouded , then it shone with unusual lustre , and a large tear rolled down his cheek . , count ; only i fancy i could pass the time less painfully here than anywhere else . ” ” exclaimed mordaunt , “ they are friends , dear friends of mine , and	76.9319839477539
i would lay down my life for them . ” , then , did you cry out so ? ” danglars , “ are you speaking seriously ? ” murmured julie . m. de tréville . before , but subdued by these words , snapped the serpent blade between his hands , and then folding his arms , stood trembling with rage . but not unsaddled ; the grooms supped , for it was already late , and their two masters , impatient to return , appointed a place of meeting with them on the jetty and desired them on no account to exchange a word with any one . , my lord , but it is a mistake on your part not to employ me . ”	86.2855453491211
was alone in her drawing-room when the count was announced , desired that her son might be brought thither instantly to renew his thanks to the count ; and edward , who heard this great personage talked of for two whole days , made all possible haste to come to him , not from obedience to his mother , or out of any feeling of gratitude to the count , but from sheer curiosity , and that some chance remark might give him the opportunity for making one of the impertinent speeches which made his mother say : said the other , turning on his heels , and surveying the young man with as much astonishment as contempt . for the young man . here by cardinal mazarin	118.8617172241211
, and at this moment represent both the king and the cardinal , and are , therefore , as ambassadors , able to act with impunity , a thing that general oliver cromwell , who is assuredly as great a politician as he is a general , is quite the man to understand . hear ye the words of the prophets my servants , whom i have sent unto you . ’ ” i dream of nothing but battles . ” who led the column , turned to the left . nature . her part , maintained a reserve still more prudent , <unk> herself with making a profound inclination of the head every time the fair traveler pronounced the name of his eminence . die , but	122.76579284667969
he was about to die of grief and despair when this miraculous noise recalled him to life . done this . ” but monsieur de tréville ? ” he asked . ” said porthos , placing his hand on his heart , and pressing it strongly . shall be done , ” answered de comminges . every hit the man touched should quit the game , yielding his turn for the benefit of the adversary who had hit him . that this fugitive must be a bandit ; but there is an <unk> sympathy between the roman brigand and the roman peasant and the latter is always ready to aid the former . ? ” an instant to give these poor creatures breathing time , ” said porthos	88.08707427978516
. ” continued milady , “ when i found myself face to face with this woman ! ” i am in the king ’ s service , and that knowing he wanted to send some one to england , i solicited the appointment , so great was my desire to know the man of genius who now governs the three kingdoms . , count ; do not allow it to escape . ” we will make the half of one for one of the <unk> , and then we will give the turnings out of our pockets to d ’ artagnan , who has a steady hand , and will go and play in the first gaming house we come to . solemn , and terrible in the	66.91381072998047
count ’ s manner . like the appearance of a <unk> , <unk> some misfortune to the world . ” he heard the footsteps of those who were pursuing him . was poisoning us . ” , d ’ artagnan ? ” asked athos . do you think it can be a trap that they are laying for us ? ” suggested porthos , incessantly thinking how his greatness must be irksome to inferior people . she loved , who remained faithful to us in our fallen <unk> <unk> . ” ? ” asked danglars of monte cristo . footsteps on the stairs ; and that the footsteps , which were those of several persons , stopped at the door . who take them and not to those	64.80630493164062
who only saw them taken . ; you have my word . ” of expecting two hundred wretched francs , you expect five or six thousand , perhaps ten , perhaps even twelve , for you take care not to let anyone know the utmost . look of the tailor the progress of his intoxication , and turning towards fernand , said , “ well , you understand there is no need to kill him . ” . ” said felton , passing his hands over his brow , covered with sweat , as if to remove his last doubt . my dear count . pertinacity in their inquiries . and debray and the baroness alone in the court , he asked : the count reached no .	86.07522583007812
her own mother at a tender age , she has had the happiness to find a second mother in madame de <unk> ’ the world , however , is mistaken ; my father abandons me from utter indifference , while my stepmother detests me with a hatred so much the more terrible because it is veiled beneath a continual smile . ” and shrank from the vehemence of her grief . athos drank enough for four , and without appearing to be otherwise affected by wine than by a more marked <unk> of the brow and by a deeper sadness . do you seek after the <unk> of the earth ? the honor to give me a hearing ; that is all i want . ” franz ,	126.0677719116211
“ i have one request to make . ” , ” said danglars , restraining the young man ; “ drunk as he is , he is not much out in what he says . <unk> in the humble guise of captives , without arms . understand it all , ” he said , “ but i understand now ; how droll it is ! ” on monte cristo and heard still more . last night beneath your majesty ’ s <unk> cry we heard was <unk> there is no executioner nearer at hand than bristol . ” their name , ” said m. de boville ; “ but did you receive my letter yesterday ? ” o ’ clock , and the other for eight ; there	70.65393829345703
will be time for both . ” morcerf , impatiently , “ what does all this mean ? ” both for you and for me to stop where we are , ” answered the wounded man . cavalcanti ; not so mademoiselle eugénie danglars . and sister night ? ” asked beauchamp of château-renaud ; “ we appear to make a very sorry figure here . ” albert ; “ but remember , signor pastrini , that both my friend and myself attach the greatest importance to having tomorrow the costumes we have asked for . ” with his rays , and it is by his light that i see <unk> more . wounds was serious , and they only fought more earnestly . handsome saddles , ”	88.92726135253906
said porthos , who at the moment wore on his cloak the lace of his own . ’ s service , and a most singular change had taken place in his position ; he had at the same time risen to the rank of cashier , and sunk to the rank of a servant . ? ” repeated mazarin , in terror . said , after a pause , “ a thousand excuses for the precaution taken in your introduction hither ; but as , during the greater portion of the year , this island is deserted , if the secret of this abode were discovered , i should doubtless , find on my return my temporary <unk> in a state of great disorder , which would be	73.5421142578125
exceedingly annoying , not for the loss it occasioned me , but because i should not have the certainty i now possess of separating myself from all the rest of mankind at pleasure . letter in the lining of my coat , ” said planchet ; “ and if i am taken i will swallow it . ” his interrogatories of the bastille . my pocket again , opened it , and made ready to strike . your eyes , which must have acquired so much <unk> and certainty , to divine , at a glance , the kind of man by whom you are confronted ? who have a taste for chemistry , ” said monte cristo carelessly . and a rigid form with twisted limbs ,	99.7464599609375
swollen eyelids , and lips flecked with bloody foam , lay on the bed of torture , in place of the intellectual being who so lately rested there . he had done before , and set off again at the same pace for pontoise . even in the very face of open day , that at least a year had elapsed since all these things had passed , so deep was the impression made in his mind by the dream , and so strong a hold had it taken of his imagination . , a light tilbury , you are naturally as <unk> as an <unk> ; if i had missed you tonight , i might not have had another chance . ” not pass through them ?	135.9262237548828
” i found some difficulty in obtaining access to the grand-marshal ; but i sent the ring i had received from the captain to him , and was instantly admitted . the governor of algeria ; he has a royal heart , and is essentially a soldier ; i will tell him my gloomy story . of tetanus and poisoning by vegetable substances is so great , that were i obliged to affirm by oath what i have now stated , i should hesitate ; i therefore repeat to you , i speak not to a magistrate , but to a friend . route . despondency ; aramis looked first at porthos and then at d ’ artagnan , without speaking , but the latter understood his <unk>	115.43281555175781
look . curiosity , for she had not yet related what he most desired to know , —how she had become the slave of the count . a sort of valley , he perceived a circular excavation . , as the king my father would have said . ” said aramis . cristo , the very same in whose house we are . ” moisture from his brow . , grimaud ? ” he exclaimed . the room , crying , “ a letter from france , my lord . ” , by heaven . ” will not esteem me the less for it , and that is my object beyond all others . ” in the united states , you will have to check the laws of	51.50215530395508
the country where you are located before using this ebook . of the room before they were made aware of the cause of this noise . d ’ artagnan that his presentiments had not deceived him , and that a great misfortune had happened . a violent blow . , ” said d ’ artagnan to his servant , “ that they wished no harm to us . ” dance , but i like to see others do so . then . , very happy . magistrates appeared before the cardinal and their <unk> addressed mazarin with so much <unk> and determination that the minister was astounded and sent the deputation away with the same answer as it had received from the duke of <unk> he would see	69.14228820800781
what could be done ; and in accordance with that intention a council of state was assembled and the superintendent of finance was summoned . judgment ? ” caught a sound resembling that of a stone rolling down the staircase opposite the one by which he had himself ascended . would be gratified if cardinal mazarin should make you captain . ” expected is that you will be arrested . ” going to do ? ” that sensation of delight which is generally experienced in passing rapidly through the air , and the wind which occasionally raised the hair from his forehead seemed on the point of dispelling momentarily the clouds collected there . perhaps . ” anything , my lord ? ” require someone to answer for	129.11419677734375
me ? ” scene with amazement ; he was evidently accustomed to see his prisoners tremble before him , and yet here was one whose gay temperament was not for a moment altered ; as for franz , he was enchanted at the way in which albert had sustained the national honor in the presence of the bandit . , ” resumed mousqueton , when he had rid himself of planchet , who had in vain tried to clasp his hands behind his friend ’ s fat back , “ now , sir , allow me to leave you , for i could not permit my master to hear of your arrival from any but myself ; he would never forgive me for not having preceded you .	93.4333724975586
” stairs he found planchet in a great fright . himself this morning with a bond of 40,000 francs , payable at sight , on you , signed by busoni , and returned by you to me , with your <unk> course , i immediately counted him over the forty bank-notes . ” their work , and the little boat glided away as rapidly as possible in the midst of the thousand vessels which choke up the narrow way which leads between the two rows of ships from the mouth of the harbor to the quai d ’ orléans . ” cried renée , clasping her hands , and looking towards her lover with piteous earnestness , “ be merciful on this the day of our betrothal .	135.56826782226562
” my uncle , has just told me that her majesty had received news of the army . ” his companion , who returned for answer a sign that said , “ i see no great harm in telling him now , ” and the gendarme replied : instinct . him ? coming ? ” , who had not much to do with the siege , were not under very strict orders and led a joyous life . , to remain here eternally ? ” demanded milady , with a certain terror . . fireworks the carriages instantly broke ranks , and retired by the adjacent streets . upon his chest , apparently overwhelmed and thoughtful ; then he closed one eye , in token of inquiry .	97.78519439697266
arrested ? then ? , ” said d ’ artagnan . order , ” said porthos , who now began to comprehend what d ’ artagnan was aiming at , “ we ask only for that . ” he has said ; it is very evident that the mind still retains its full force and <unk> ” then , turning towards the paralytic , he said , “ you possess , then , 900,000 francs of capital , which , according to the manner in which you have invested it , ought to bring in an income of about 40,000 livres ? ” of these beans , cousin porthos ? ” said mme . ; great drops of acrid sweat fell from his face upon the papers which	79.87101745605469
he held in his convulsed hand . . him to the surface . life belong to you , like my love . ” by having followed the orders of your superiors with more intelligence and courage than another would have done ? ” replied the prince . from table . with the thing yet . ” , ” answered the man , “ to help you in taking care of your prisoners . ” madame danglars , resolving to make a last effort , “ this young man , though a murderer , is an orphan , abandoned by everybody . ” take the time to go and return . ” see them both on the same table ? ” him approach , drew his sword a foot	70.74105072021484
out of the scabbard . was accustomed to his friend ’ s manner of acting , and who perceived immediately , by a word , a gesture , or a sign from him , that the circumstances were serious , took athos ’ s arm , and went out without saying anything . replied albert , “ that if i had been aware of your arrival in paris , and had known your address , i should have paid my respects to you before this . the musketeer . port wine in the cellar of monsieur le baron de bracieux . ” cried both the children , throwing their arms around their father ’ s neck . a few moments , concluded that a man so rich could	65.6764907836914
not have any intention of <unk> him of what little he had , and seeing only the prospect of a good supper , accepted . time and retired . a woman ’ s age by her face , it is useless to ask it ; when you can not do so , it is indiscreet . ” i was here already ? ” said the young man . gendarme still there , but the young man now perceived a second yellow , blue , and white uniform at the foot of the staircase , the only one by which he could descend , while a third , on horseback , holding a musket in his fist , was posted as a sentinel at the great street-door which alone	76.04556274414062
afforded the means of egress . him , it was evident this was the spot to lie in wait for him . perfect security ; let her be ignorant that we know her secret . in a conversation with anne of austria , to obtain some information from that conversation , and afterward to come upon his eminence with some secret which the cardinal either knew or did not know , but which , in either case , would raise him infinitely in the eyes of his minister . expanded ; he knew albert had insulted the count dreadfully , and that in every country in the world such an insult would lead to a deadly duel . , thinking that danglars or monte cristo had forgotten something	148.85179138183594
they wished to tell him , and had returned just as they were starting . knew that at her return from a fruitless journey it would be in vain to tell him of her imprisonment , in vain to <unk> upon the sufferings she had undergone . ! ” allow pure air to displace the foul atmosphere , and then went on . the use of pens , ink , and paper ? ” all you can give me , and from to-day your debt is paid . ” revenge ? ” this interval of calm to send away raoul , whom he had great difficulty in keeping shut up during the riot , and who wished positively to strike a blow for one party or the other	141.4698944091797
. enough for that ? ” d ’ artagnan , with an embarrassed air . throw ! said athos , “ i have nothing to say against a retreat . albert to normandy when he knew the final blow was near . ” said danglars , “ in case your proposals , which do me honor , are accepted by my wife and daughter , by whom shall the preliminary arrangements be settled ? the devil did you ask me for a uniform when you would have been so much better in a cassock ? seen him , ” he replied , “ and he has handed this letter to me . to monte cristo ’ s ear , “ your advice was excellent , ” said he	50.70003890991211
; “ there is a whole history connected with the names fernand and yanina . ” ” said he , “ do you know if m. de morcerf has any enemy ? ” guest will be poisoned at the fifth remove , and die , at the end of eight or ten days , of pains in the intestines , sickness , or <unk> of the <unk> . this evening ? ” in constant fear of being forced from that position , i am armed to the teeth . ” passed before any one could make himself heard . cried the young man . signed , returned the pen to the notary . or ten feet . ” and i would have all the merit of my devotion	55.839683532714844
, even if that devotion were stupidity . charming humor . said the district doctor , “ is a good italian abbé , who lives next door to you . has come suddenly upon me , and for the first time ; and because i am only twenty . ” ? ” become a diplomatist ; diplomacy , you know , is something that is not to be acquired ; it is instinctive . ! ” cried the duke , “ you are so good ; if i could but do as you do , and eat pates and drink burgundy at the house of father marteau ’ s successor . ” one-and-twenty years ago ; and since then we have not seen the poor marquis three times	82.7530288696289
. ” , and went into a room in which the host said they would not be disturbed . of the welfare of her dear buckingham . room was a <unk> and <unk> “ baby grand ” piano in rosewood , but holding the <unk> of an orchestra in its narrow and sonorous <unk> , and groaning beneath the weight of the <unk> ’ œuvre_ of <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> . worse and worse ; yesterday her fever amounted to delirium ; today her delirium is almost madness . ” murmured he , “ if it be , so much the better , for i have made a rare acquisition . ” of ali tepelini , pasha of <unk> ’	102.57622528076172
the honors of the sack . ” are out of place , everything should be amicably arranged . wedding suit . dear count . ” d ’ artagnan , whom reflection never abandoned , “ gentlemen , think of what you are about . believe in the allées de meilhan , on the fourth floor ? ” . god ! ” murmured madame danglars . ? ” ” wretched , hopeless , heart-broken prisoner than the <unk> who pay the penalty of their crimes at the galleys of toulon . ” , while the mendicant , who had received his reward , left as fast as his legs could carry him . make <unk> for the <unk> of a queen and a princess ? if he sleeps badly	82.22145080566406
to-night he will sleep better to-morrow night . ” ? ” queen anne of austria was once saved from the greatest danger ever incurred by a queen ? ” prostrated at my father ’ s feet , now sprang up and fired , and the room was filled with fire and smoke . laughing at the joke , which he thought he alone could comprehend . madame . ” or are you , his mistress ? ” containing the ladies of honor , the officers of the royal household , and the court . to the customs officers of the coast ; and as there was between these worthies and himself a perpetual battle of wits , he had at first thought that dantès might be an emissary	108.2889404296875
of these industrious guardians of rights and duties , who perhaps employed this ingenious means of learning some of the secrets of his trade . said the cardinal , biting his lips with anger . , you are but a child ; you think yourself well informed because the telegraph has told you , three days after the landing , ‘ the usurper has landed at <unk> with several men . for the next five minutes ; the man preserved profound silence , and remained perfectly motionless . fatality . repent of their ingratitude . ” your regiment , ” said he ; “ i can foresee that we shall have need of it directly . ” visitors , does he ? ” asked madame danglars . i	99.84615325927734
always said you were a fine fellow , and it is a blessing when good fortune happens to such as you . i believed sacred i have lost the throne and my children their inheritance . dear friend , ” replied the abbé ; “ it is clear you do not understand the nature of the courage with which i am endowed , and what use i intend making of my strength . . with the severest consequences if she did not supply him with what he desired , and disappeared and remained away all day , leaving the kind-hearted assunta , who loved him as if he were her own child , to weep over his conduct and <unk> his absence . mazarin . ” ? ”	99.22132873535156
vainly tried to lay hands on him ? ” ! ” cried he . some other person ? ” a long cassock , as did his hair under a priest ’ s wig ; the three-cornered hat over this effectually transformed the count into an abbé . no . aramis , “ one-half were hanged and the other half were shot . ” no idea where they are . ” telegraph , ” said he , “ must either engage a gardener or devote himself passionately to <unk> . ” ali is concerned , i can assure you , the interest he excites is merely from the circumstance of his being your <unk> , who are at this moment the most celebrated and fashionable person in paris .	124.85811614990234
” each other . go ! ” said she to her brother ; “ the effects _are_ drawing near , on the contrary ; but you , weak fool , will not see them until it is too late to shun them . ” imprudent , or whether we were betrayed , i know not ; but one evening , about five o ’ clock , our little <unk> came breathlessly , to inform us that he had seen a detachment of custom-house officers advancing in our direction . sardinia , where they intended to take in a cargo , which was to replace what had been discharged . , and you know that an innkeeper must keep on good terms with the authorities . ” with what	106.61083984375
does not concern you ? ” ” cried d ’ artagnan . first , turned round on his legs and stood with his back to the cane . does not <unk> . ” ; i saw her put to sea the same evening we quitted marseilles . ” this expedition for a day , and monsieur paid him his compliments upon it . scene of confusion produced in the salons of m. danglars by the unexpected appearance of the <unk> of soldiers , and by the disclosure which had followed , the mansion was deserted with as much rapidity as if a case of plague or of cholera <unk> had broken out among the guests . guards appeared at the door of the antechamber , but seeing four	86.29135131835938
musketeers standing , and their swords by their sides , they hesitated about going farther . came in to consult his master upon the proceedings of the next day and also with regard to the shooting party which had been proposed . including cavalcanti and his son , notwithstanding the stiffness of the one and the carelessness of the other , were thoughtful , on finding themselves assembled at the house of this incomprehensible man . he was like a man in a dream ; he saw soldiers drawn up on the embankment ; he knew vaguely that he was ascending a flight of steps ; he was conscious that he passed through a door , and that the door closed behind him ; but all this <unk>	108.64317321777344
as through a mist . crowd of people , who opened a way for us to pass , when suddenly my mother , having looked closely at an object which was attracting their attention , uttered a piercing cry and fell to the ground , pointing as she did so to a head which was placed over the gates , and beneath which were inscribed these words : then ? ” resolution ? ” said morrel , shrugging his shoulders ; “ is there anything extraordinary in a journey ? ” corridor by forming a side opening about the middle , as it were the top part of a cross . planchet , ” said athos ; “ besides , the tattoo has been sounded , and we	84.628173828125
should be observed if we kept a light burning much longer than the others . ” , ” said villefort ; “ it would be better to take her to her carriage . ” mazarin to him “ an emeute is spoken of in paris . athos , “ you are the <unk> poet of france or navarre . ” for a second invitation . where you will wait for intelligence from the cardinal ; let me know always where to find you . ” to rebuild artagnan , which my ancestors , impoverished by the crusades , allowed to fall into ruins , and to buy thirty acres of land about it , that is all i wish . ? ” said aramis . experienced , at	96.7723159790039
that moment , such remorse for my intention , that , throwing myself at his feet , i exclaimed , — ‘ forgive me , pray forgive me , my dear grandfather ; they may do what they will with me , i will never leave you. ’ when i had ceased speaking , he thankfully raised his eyes to heaven , but without uttering a word . pronouncing a syllable . , the king of spain . sure of that ! ” you to take care of him ? ” was for me ? ” french , on seeing the four friends return at such a step , uttered cries of enthusiasm . but consoled himself when the hostess assured him that no . , sir ;	78.11111450195312
in the donjon of vincennes . ” it ? ” , ” replied raoul , blushing . d ’ artagnan ; “ but we shall <unk> attract a ball . ” the apartments destined for the fair greek , which were so effectually concealed by means of a tapestried entrance , that it would have puzzled the most curious to have divined their existence . . ” feet , extending his hand in the direction whence came the sound , there was no mistaking it—it was the noise of cannon . ! ” cried the king ; “ to him , no doubt . . , then , dear traitor ! ” ” gently replied haydée ; “ i love the life you have made so sweet to	64.63786315917969
me , and i should be sorry to die . ” that letter inspire you ? ” exclaimed , suddenly , “ arsenic is indelible , indestructible ; in whatsoever way it is absorbed , it will be found again in the body of the victim from the moment when it has been taken in sufficient quantity to cause death . ” ” replied monte cristo , “ that they will be as different as possible in the hands of ali . valentine , “ i see that i have given you pain . the law is frequently powerless to effect this ; all it can do is to avenge the wrong done . ” light shot through the mind of dantès , and cleared up all that	69.53706359863281
had been dark and obscure before . door , the coachman was on the box , and a police officer sat beside him . the captain , ‘ we have done all in our power , and m. morrel will have nothing to reproach us with , we have tried to save the ship , let us now save ourselves . leading you beyond bounds ; if monsieur de tréville heard you , you would repent of speaking thus . ” , ” said the abbé , as he re-entered the subterranean passage , in which he soon disappeared , followed by dantès . four horses as well as one . five as a supernumerary make fifteen . ” does not please me at all ; it is	83.2031478881836
too gracious . ” ended , fernand ’ s career was checked by the long peace which seemed likely to endure throughout europe . aramis , smiling . place we shall never find another so suitable . said m. de tréville . tree , supported there by the two valets , and was praying fervently , with clasped hands and eyes raised to heaven . danglars , “ a lad of his make was not born to be unhappy in love . said franz , “ this horrible scene has passed away like a dream . ” remained bewildered with what he had seen , having been forbidden by d ’ artagnan to leave the room until the tumult was over . man much more unfortunate than you	104.78901672363281
, morrel . ” said monte cristo ; “ when the valet de chambre came in just now , he told me of his arrival . ” ? ” said porthos . ? de villefort by his first marriage , ” replied the young wife , “ a fine <unk> girl . ” idea of defeat . is innocence itself ! ” with the greatest simplicity , but the most fastidious dandy could have found nothing to <unk> at in his toilet . smile , and pushed open the door above which were his arms , and which , as we have said , opened into the salon . albert ; “ your breakfast shall be waiting . ” of his door , and almost directly an old	45.01604461669922
lady entered , <unk> , carrying her shawl on her arm , and her bonnet in her hand . ” these disastrous details that desolation reigned in the community . what morrel suffered during this enumeration . ! ” them by the sight of the round tower , fort <unk> , the city hall designed by <unk> the port with its <unk> quays , where they had both played in childhood , and it was with one accord that they stopped on the canebière . information had been given to the king ’ s attorney , a man alighted from a carriage at the corner of the rue férou , and rapping at an <unk> door , asked if the abbé busoni were within . the wine delicious	132.69039916992188
. directed towards monte cristo , but the second was for andrea . of mine visited me , —m . morrel , “ what has become of her ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ you will go and release your companion , who is guarding the coachman . had just dismounted , then saw , outlined against the wall , the enormous stomach of mousqueton , whose <unk> mouth emitted sounds of distress . the tone in which it was uttered , chilled the heart of poor morrel . interview , ” said andrea to the worthy steward ; “ i wish the troublesome fellow were at the devil ! ” , and marked a straight line on the pavement immediately at the entrance of the house	92.28145599365234
, and then pointed out the line he had traced to the count , who was watching him . —i am calm , ” said morrel , giving his hand to the count ; “ my pulse does not beat slower or faster than usual . wait , for the queen scarcely remained a quarter of an hour with mazarin , but this quarter of an hour of expectation appeared a century to him . then i make a sacrifice . the four bottles were empty and this excellent specific succeeded in dissipating even the slightest cloud that might have rested on their spirits . at each other with terror . through the crowd without a mask , and the ribbons of his doublet scarcely tied . .	88.02363586425781
” and aramis found it in arms . saves the country , ” added athos . profound silence between the two interlocutors . in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance . ” ” said athos ; “ and how ? . for you , gentlemen ? ” asked the duke . you shall know later . le curé , ” said the beggar , “ that you have always been very kind to me , and therefore i , in my turn , will be serviceable to you . ” rochefort . ” ; lock and padlock were fastened ; these faithful guardians seemed unwilling to surrender their trust . violent character of <unk> danger which the poor girl incurred in giving this billet	82.13876342773438
to her mistress , she ran back to the place royale as fast as her legs could carry her . , and with her face hidden by her hands was giving free scope to the sighs and tears which had been so long restrained by the presence of her son . be concealed till it burst , like a clap of thunder , over the head of the guilty . ” said athos , “ take some pains with your toilet , raoul ; i want you to be approved . ” ready . forsooth , to distribute his authority on this occasion . ” hand , put out the flame as quickly as i could , lighted my taper in the fire itself , and opened the	92.41563415527344
crumpled paper with inexpressible emotion , recognizing , when i had done so , that these characters had been traced in mysterious and sympathetic ink , only appearing when exposed to the fire ; nearly <unk> of the paper had been consumed by the flame . athos offered to him , and after turning and turning it over and over in his hands , suddenly cried out that it was bad , and that he would have him and his companions arrested as <unk> . yesterday after you left me ? ” ” his request when the unknown , who remained standing before the musketeer , drew back with signs of terror , and refused . he had uncovered , and which he must remove from its <unk>	156.77317810058594
. cried d ’ artagnan , “ i see black points and red points moving yonder . of bordeaux wine ; but his eyes , raised toward heaven during this delicious occupation , spoke a language which , though mute , was not the less expressive . my tenant , although he does not pay me my <unk> even better on that account ought i to know him . , without stopping at the telegraph , which flourished its great bony arms as he passed , the count reached the tower of montlhéry , situated , as everyone knows , upon the highest point of the plain of that name . along a lane on the spot where the rue d ’ <unk> is now situated , breathing	145.84304809570312
the balmy <unk> which were borne upon the wind from the rue de vaugirard , and which arose from the gardens refreshed by the dews of evening and the breeze of night . speaking of , ” said morrel ; “ m . right , my dear rochefort , it couldn ’ t be for that ; but you will probably learn the reason soon . ” ? ” said kitty . makes linen as smooth and as easy to write on as parchment . ” pearls , the pins in her hair were of gold and diamonds , her girdle was of turkey silk , with large embroidered flowers , her bodice and skirt were of cashmere , her apron of indian muslin , and the buttons	141.02987670898438
of her <unk> were of jewels . come from auteuil here ? ” . man who accompanied him , ‘ executioner , ’ said he , ‘ do your duty . ’ ” the wide brim of his hat . of everything . ” five o ’ clock in the evening . they wanted to revenge the past , and not to anticipate the future . , and i won ’ t have him <unk> . ” porthos , “ the man aramis wants me to strangle . ” to speak to the father ? ” majesty will not commit such an act of imprudence , first , because it would be useless and would produce the most disastrous results . some one is coming here ? ”	55.88262176513672
; be assured we shall not . ” kitchen-gardens , carefully attended to , a spacious courtyard , in which neighed several horses held by valets in various liveries , and a carriage , drawn by two horses of the country . his father , no doubt , ’ replied danglars . , he threw himself on his bed , where the turnkey found him in the evening visit , sitting with fixed gaze and contracted features , dumb and motionless as a statue . a word about killing him , <unk> ? ” replied danglars . , that faithful soul , that arm of steel , who for twenty years has awaited the word from your lips which will make him in rank what he is in	131.619384765625
sentiment and in courage . about an hour in these preparations , he opened the door of the room in which the vicomte slept , and entered . obtained payment of certain sums due to his wife , one hundred thousand francs for his eldest son and twenty-five thousand for each of the three others . which i must request . ” ” replied monte cristo ; “ but i perceive i have not much to teach you . it is not aramis ; and by your exclamation i perceive you have mistaken me for another , and pardon you . ” eagerness equal to kitty ’ s in bringing it ; but at the first words she read she became livid . venture to draw the cardinal	89.54723358154297
’ s fat face . ; they have sold me , they shall give me up , and the eternal shame of treble treason shall fall on their heads . ” no ! that reason , ” said mazarin , “ that i wish to start before them . ” reassure me when you say that , maximilian ? ” the bastile ceased , as he crossed the threshold , to be a <unk> became a number . but she has most likely returned to the louvre . ” duc de beaufort or the duc de bouillon , and to tell them about this . ” edmond dantès , ” but the count seized his arm and prevented him . , and lasts a minute . ” ”	54.104801177978516
he gazed thoughtfully for a time at the upper stories of the shabby little house . the queen , blushing , “ never speak of that evening . ” , but , as he was not especially interested in poetical ideas , he had gone into the garden , and was talking with major cavalcanti on the projected railway from leghorn to florence . , ” she said ; “ do not think it will be less dear to us now we are acquainted with our benefactor ! ” to collect and throw us back our balls , ” said the duke . after the taking of the city . ” surrounded by his friends he retained his youth and the poetry of his character . of all	65.75438690185547
the servants . ; why , then , was it impossible to dantès ? six o ’ clock . down with mazarin ’ ” seen you ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , with that ingenuous roughness which women often prefer to the <unk> of politeness , because it betrays the depths of the thought and proves that feeling prevails over reason . by the beating of his heart , if by any mischance the jailers had entered at that moment . the gascon , “ i believe in devotion as a word at one ’ s baptism , for instance , which naturally comes before one ’ s proper name ; every one is naturally more or less devout , certainly ; but there should be at	114.63679504394531
the end of one ’ s devotion something to gain . ” at the word myself . , seated in a chair which he balanced on two legs , leaning his elbow on an old worm-eaten table , was a tall young man of twenty , or two-and-twenty , who was looking at her with an air in which vexation and uneasiness were mingled . law has commanded , and when it commands it strikes . took , d ’ artagnan was unable to learn any more concerning his three <unk> friends . to complete the seduction of felton . years ago , had piously sought out a tomb , and sought it vainly . we can easily find some excuse for its disappearance . that the excellent	138.5688018798828
abbé was engaged in my behalf , for the rigors of my imprisonment were <unk> by many trifling though acceptable indulgences , and i was told that my trial was to be postponed to the assizes following those now being held . days i heard him walking about as usual , but , on the fourth i heard nothing . shepherd told the count ’ s steward that he had seen a wolf come out of the sabine mountains , and <unk> around his flock . received him with the same paternal smile as that which he had often bestowed on d ’ artagnan , but a more profound tenderness for raoul was now visibly impressed upon his face . is not ordained for me to die .	158.84642028808594
were informed beforehand . ” i know , ” was the reply . tell you . ” begged of morcerf not to mention his father ’ s name before haydée ? said athos ; “ here ’ s a rendezvous much more serious than the other . ” up and offered it to lord de winter . the <unk> ? ” understand , porthos ? narrow that the fugitive tried in vain to proceed . gold chain , and i want a pair of silver buckles . ’ exclaimed cromwell . ; mademoiselle de scudery was going . , is he not , mademoiselle julie ? ” said the cashier . me to confine myself to a sort of prison , from which he will release me by	66.10636901855469
one of his satellites . ” . left him , ” replied mordaunt , alighting , in order to give his horse to a soldier to hold . the court like a black shadow , rushed out through the wicket , leaving his comrades , and even the keeper , lost in wonder . master is ! ” a glance of the most profound scrutiny . over the corpse , enter the boudoir , take the child in his arms , and flee far , far away . grating of the hinges of the opening gates ; the noise of boots and spurs resounded on the stairs . ! house of thomson & french ? ” ” albert said . honor , monsieur , ” said d ’	69.12303161621094
artagnan . the noise of the keys ; he remained on horseback , feeling no inclination to dismount , and sat looking at the bars , at the <unk> windows and the immense walls he had hitherto only seen from the other side of the moat , but by which he had for twenty years been awe-struck . not say , like the rest , your will ? ” replied the queen , in a low voice . m. beauchamp , “ albert was wrong , i acknowledge , to betray so much anger , and i come , on my own account , to apologize for him . with it now as a mistress is with that of the lover of her heart ; and yet milady	67.37748718261719
at the same time detested and despised this weak fanatic . , athos ? ” resumed the gascon . covered with them . ” minutes more there ’ s an end of us . ” had heard the evening before in the ruins of the colosseum . said cavalcanti , who was quite confounded at the <unk> sound of these golden words . well laid ; the plot is clever . . ” ? ” asked athos , “ it is as dark as a cold oven . ” ? ” ! ” ” said m. morrel , “ i know there was no one in fault but destiny . a spring . ! ” replied lord de winter , making a bow , half courteous , half	46.767112731933594
ironical ; “ it is i , myself . ” ” the governor ? ” cried beauchamp . sir ? ” . ” champs-élysées that the count of monte cristo lived , and who , being answered by the porter in the affirmative , entered , closed the gate after him , and began to ascend the steps . of these people , ” said the young man , proudly , “ you have no right to insult me thus . ” ! disturbed at this visit , recovered himself when he saw the calmness of the baroness , and took up a book marked by a mother-of-pearl knife inlaid with gold . passed the evening with me . ” than once regretted them ; it was indeed	48.62354278564453
a glorious time . ” to return home and wait for news . his hand and in a hoarse voice cried , “ wait ! ” d ’ artagnan , beside himself with joy . general appearance of the shore , and , instead of landing at the usual place , he dropped anchor in the little creek . england , and to inform him as soon as the duke leaves london . ” , when for the hundredth time i took up my spade , i asked myself again and again what the corsican could have done with the child . , ” answered caderousse , pouring out a glass of wine for fernand , and filling his own for the eighth or ninth time , while	75.94304656982422
danglars had merely sipped his . . ” said porthos , unwilling to be behind d ’ artagnan in generosity ; “ i would give as much as a hundred pistoles . ” happened to you ? —are you going to make me ring a second time for the carriage ? ” asked monte cristo , in the same tone that louis xiv . snatched rather than took the handkerchief from the hand of the gascon . me , gentlemen ! ” exclaimed mazarin . he believed they both proceeded from poison ; and you , honest man , have ever since been asking your heart and sounding your conscience to know if you ought to expose or conceal this secret . limbs with a woollen cloth ;	96.04844665527344
another , whom he recognized as the one who had cried out “ courage ! ” held a gourd full of rum to his mouth ; while the third , an old sailor , at once the pilot and captain , looked on with that egotistical pity men feel for a misfortune that they have escaped yesterday , and which may overtake them tomorrow . am in the hands of an avenging god ! say , ” resumed the guard , “ that coysel is not a sorcerer , but i say that if his prophecy gets wind , it ’ s a sure way to prevent it ’ s coming true . ” gentlemen ? ” you can find out , ” said d ’ artagnan .	117.22618865966797
” said grimaud . . ’ by his bedside , and m. morrel went away , making a sign to the catalan that he had left his purse on the chimney-piece ; but , availing himself of the doctor ’ s order , the old man would not take any <unk> ; at length ( after nine days of despair and fasting ) , the old man died , cursing those who had caused his misery , and saying to mercédès , ‘ if you ever see my edmond again , tell him i die blessing him . ’ ” gave you to understand , i think , that i adhered to the princes . whose interest it was to prevent your marriage with mercédès ? ” ,	78.1753921508789
be so kind , therefore , as to finish your duty by fulfilling the formalities described by law . ” like it in the <unk> of the <unk> <unk> , whose book will sooner or later be burned by the hands of the executioner . excellency , ” added he , “ allow me to repeat my apologies , and i hope you will not entertain any resentment at what has occurred . ” bag he had in his pocket . prudent man who had provided for all emergencies . with this affair . all . king ’ s cabinet boldly , and found his majesty in a very ill humor , seated on an armchair , beating his boot with the handle of his whip . story	100.00238800048828
to me . ” not decline a rendezvous with a lady ; but a prudent gentleman may excuse himself from not waiting on his eminence , particularly when he has reason to believe he is not invited to make his compliments . ” or <unk> is , a little younger than <unk> sheep on a farm near palestrina ; she was an orphan , born at <unk> and was named teresa . ? ” said d ’ artagnan . to do ? ” myself as a coward did i desert the brave fellow in his present extremity . ” andrea was not very handsome , the hideous scoundrel ! his protection ? ” , my dear fellow , when one has been accustomed to <unk> and <unk> ,	89.19718933105469
such <unk> as these don ’ t make the same impression on you they perhaps do on others . ” it were , force a passage to his heart , found an impassable barrier . he , “ you are ready to pay the official visits , which are absolutely indispensable ? ” monte cristo “ there is only one source of uneasiness left in your father ’ s mind , which is <unk> is anxious to know how you have been employed during your long absence from him , how you have been treated by your persecutors , and if they have conducted themselves towards you with all the deference due to your rank . it yesterday . you , edmond , back again ? ” said	100.61491394042969
he , with a broad marseillaise accent , and a grin that displayed his <unk> teeth . field of the cloth of gold , a lackey in black and red will wait for your reply . ” of doubtful <unk> . could not last forever . ” know all this ? ” no one was to be allowed admission ; but the sentinel , who knew that mordaunt was one of the most confidential friends of the general , thought the order did not extend to the young man . ! us speak it to the praise of m. d ’ artagnan the <unk> the efforts he made to remain firm , as a future musketeer ought , nature prevailed , and he shed many tears , of	100.93850708007812
which he succeeded with great difficulty in concealing the half . pawing the ground , held in by the coachman , who had been seated a quarter of an hour on his box , the elegant phaeton with which we are familiar rapidly turned the angle of the <unk> , and cast out on the doorsteps m. andrea cavalcanti , as decked up and gay as if he were going to marry a princess . a young girl , was on the point of marrying her , when war came and carried me away . <unk> nowadays . ” taking the queen ’ s hand led her to the window . head and arms fell ; her legs bent under her , and she fell on her knees	83.55042266845703
. of the _fête_ . ” yours . ” . unprotected by copyright law in the united states and you are located in the united states , we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying , distributing , performing , displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed . wife to take leave . when you have received my instructions . said : “ go , my child. ” edward ran out . time , my friend , as the cardinal says , a musketeer against my will , but a churchman at heart , believe me . said the count , “ you have procured me windows looking on the piazza del popolo	77.5905532836914
, as i ordered you yesterday . ” return to the service , mouston , ” replied porthos , still trying to restore his mustache to the military curl it had long lost . permission from the prince by a glance and went out . ? ” he said . his wishes were in perfect harmony with the order he had received , he started the same evening . room . ? ” miracle i hope to accomplish , <unk> ” ” said aramis , in a reproachful tone , “ how could you believe that we had made a disturbance ? ” day for me , ’ continued the young girl , raising her ardent gaze to heaven , ‘ that on which i find at last	57.589290618896484
an opportunity of avenging my father ! ’ sleep and you have come to bring me some news ? ” , monsieur de tréville , ” said the cardinal ; “ pray let that napkin be sent to me . ’ artagnan has something to say to me privately , have you not , d ’ artagnan ? ” or six <unk> ; you shall choose the best . artagnan with an expression of profound admiration . restrain her tears ; but no evil impressions were taken from her grief as she was known to be very much attached to her relatives , about whom she was constantly having serious <unk> with her husband . the change , my officer ? ” said the host . a prisoner	55.16842269897461
has to pierce a wall , detach bars , cut through a <unk> undertakings which a patient and strong man may accomplish , but before which the feverish <unk> of a woman must give way . many words ; and it must be so , for the abbé knows correctly the amount of all the largest fortunes in europe . ” propose to do , ” said athos . eugénie cheerfully , “ we have then only to pack up our trunks ; we shall start the evening of the signing of the contract , instead of the evening of the <unk> is all . ” opened the door of the corridor and then that of the ante-chamber . door and opened it . sang the song in	104.59017944335938
a very lively manner . this only , a scrap of paper on which spada had written : — ‘ i bequeath to my beloved nephew my coffers , my books , and , amongst others , my breviary with the gold corners , which i beg he will preserve in remembrance of his affectionate uncle . ’ sounded the signal for the ballet . eyes when his <unk> idea presented itself , and whispered in his ear that he had slept too long . <unk> waiting woman , some <unk> <unk> ; _ from madame de chevreuse ’ s chambermaid , perhaps , who was obliged to return to tours with her mistress , and who , in order to appear <unk> and attractive , stole some	148.84909057617188
perfumed paper , and sealed her letter with a duchess ’ s coronet . ” paris , he had had constant occasion to honor this excellent man , whom he had always found worthy , loyal , and great . , the boulevard de gand , and the bois de boulogne , during his brief career of splendor , the false cavalcanti had formed a host of acquaintances . a holiday . ” of england , sometimes with madame de chevreuse . <unk> , those <unk> of the impossible , would have accorded to the poor wretch , in exchange for his wealth , the liberty he so earnestly prayed for . the fair one , uttered those terrible shrieks which resounded through the house , while the	132.56100463867188
other , rushing to the <unk> , rang with all her strength . , bought over by the enemies of your <unk> ” . passed five years in prison , had become old in the lapse of a few years ; the dark locks of this estimable friend of the defunct cardinal richelieu were now white ; the deep bronze of his complexion had been succeeded by a mortal pallor which betokened <unk> . ; but feeling himself urged forward , and having neither the power nor the intention to resist , he mounted the steps , and was in an instant seated inside between two gendarmes ; the two others took their places opposite , and the carriage rolled heavily over the stones . ? ” the	147.5145721435547
window turned round , and passed within four steps of d ’ artagnan , pulling down the hood of her mantle ; but the precaution was too late , d ’ artagnan had already recognized mme . have the king . ” to sit down opposite , poured her a small glass of spanish wine , and helped her to the wing of a chicken . of the <unk> , with the rigid inflexibility of neck and shoulders which caused his flatterers to say ( as we have before observed ) that he was the living statue of the law . resource . i am not come to discuss politics , but to inquire if you have anything to ask or to complain of . ” , after	92.49498748779297
having created the world and <unk> chaos , had paused in the work to spare an angel the tears that might one day flow for mortal sins from her <unk> eyes ; suppose that when everything was in readiness and the moment had come for god to look upon his work and see that it was <unk> he had <unk> out the sun and tossed the world back into eternal <unk> then , mercédès , you could not imagine what i lose in sacrificing my life at this moment . ” , i will tell you . ” morrel , interrupting the count , “ you had only lost your liberty , my father had only lost his fortune , but i have lost valentine . ” go	123.1009750366211
forward ; and he went . jest , if we can . and waited all the evening and all the next day without getting any message . one after another . the four friends waited in expectation . me again ! ” , but extremely well made , and , like the men of the south , had small hands and feet . of sense , who , unlike most men , who are happy in proportion as they are noticed , was delighted to see that the general attention was directed towards his companion . of <unk> , several of whom came forward to shake hands with him . ” chapter 18 . like certain sounds which announce , as they whistle from wave to wave ,	136.24229431152344
the coming <unk> when they pass <unk> a multitude , <unk> an emeute . electronically , the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund . the buttons of his doublet , took it off and deposited it by the side of his hat . —that is quite another thing ! terrace , which was ornamented with flowers . monsieur the cardinal and the king . , i can ’ t travel on my pay , for it is now three months behind ; and i can ’ t travel on my <unk> , for in my twenty-two years of service i have accumulated nothing but debts . ” of nearly	114.99710083007812
an hour , the carriage stopped before an iron gate , which closed an avenue leading to a castle severe in form , massive , and isolated . to him and ask him to solicit for me the same favor that he will have obtained ? ” selfishness , but of delicacy . the leather they eat the soles , i can not see much that is left unless they eat one another . ” madame , that is the same . . dear friend , ” said faria , “ sole consolation of my wretched existence , —you whom heaven gave me somewhat late , but still gave me , a priceless gift , and for which i am most grateful , —at the moment of separating	140.1410369873047
from you forever , i wish you all the happiness and all the prosperity you so well deserve . , the most beautiful and most noble woman i ever saw ! ” in english to his sister . it . a noise in the drawing-room , and went to open the door himself . ’ s orders ? ” inquired gaetano . hôtel instead of going up at once to kitty ’ s chamber , as she endeavored to persuade him to <unk> that for two reasons : the first , because by this means he should escape reproaches , <unk> , and prayers ; the second , because he was not sorry to have an opportunity of reading his own thoughts and endeavoring , if possible ,	83.02330017089844
to fathom those of this woman . has happened to us , do you not ? ” . ” exclaimed , “ i begin to be more at my ease , however , whilst you settle yourselves , i shall make the round of the boat . ” milady , “ dunce ! if the result will be as agreeable as you describe , but the thing does not appear to me as <unk> as you say . ” his course . he in a solemn tone , “ i consider your glove thrown , and will return it to you wrapped around a bullet . of those purchases that interest <unk> purchase by which much might have been gained . ” ; but though he <unk> ’	63.03607940673828
t strength to speak he had enough for action . acres of land ! ” , for i must leave you ; but i carry your word with me , do i not ? ” husband . beg leave to observe to monsieur that the night will be very cold , that chills bring on rheumatism , and that a lackey who has the rheumatism makes but a poor servant , particularly to a master as active as monsieur . ” . of reproach , “ ah , monsieur , i had your promise as a soldier and your word as a gentleman . said andrea carelessly , apparently forgetting him whom he but too well recollected . d ’ artagnan , “ what porthos says is full	105.63646697998047
of sense . ” eyes of the little group were fixed on the same line which at daybreak they had mistaken for fog and which the morning sun now plainly showed was an army in order of battle . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but the man who has abducted <unk> you know him ? ” with a blow of my fist . ” ? ” least ; i know of none which cavalcanti possesses , excepting his palace in lucca . ” ” replied the abbé , “ he should be a man blessed of god , rich , happy . ” up to ? ” sinbad the sailor , ’ is it not ? ” the poisoning of mme . on <unk> in the	74.14740753173828
midst of all this was the remembrance of the cardinal . son ! ” you leave greece , signora ? ” asked he . groslow , “ i beg you will take your places . at d ’ artagnan . not answer , cardinal , what do you think about it ? ” well as the rest , received his share of the benediction and made the sign of the cross ; but when bazin passed in his turn , with his eyes raised to heaven and walking , in all humility , the very last , d ’ artagnan pulled him by the hem of his robe . his orders . mention one to you . punctilious in points of honor ; and there were in the	47.611454010009766
plan which our lover had devised for milady , he was sure , certain things that would not obtain the assent of this puritan . now , ” said the astonished porthos . with his sword , cut in two the poor wretch who had laughed . yes , let us be gone . ” the reflective franz walked a hundred steps beneath the interior <unk> of the ruin , when , abandoning albert to the guides ( who would by no means yield their <unk> right of carrying their victims through the <unk> regularly laid down , and as regularly followed by them , but dragged the unconscious visitor to the various objects with a pertinacity that admitted of no appeal , beginning , as a matter	176.82058715820312
of course , with the “ lions ’ den ” , the “ hall of the <unk> ” and finishing with “ cæsar ’ s <unk> ” ) , to escape a <unk> and mechanical survey of the wonders by which he was surrounded , franz ascended a <unk> staircase , and , leaving them to follow their monotonous round , seated himself at the foot of a column , and immediately opposite a large aperture , which permitted him to enjoy a full and undisturbed view of the gigantic dimensions of the majestic ruin . only senses remaining , and they , like two solitary sparks , remained to animate the miserable body which seemed fit for nothing but the grave ; it was only , however	162.024658203125
, by means of one of these senses that he could reveal the thoughts and feelings that still occupied his mind , and the look by which he gave expression to his inner life was like the distant gleam of a candle which a traveller sees by night across some desert place , and knows that a living being <unk> beyond the silence and obscurity . have a bottle of your best wine , and then , with your permission , we will resume our conversation from where we left off . ” that he performed from time to time some of those early masses which the common people , generally , alone attended . i can , chevalier , ” said milady , “ for do you	142.2056121826172
know what is going on here ? ” would be angry ? ” lord all the happiness i ever knew . but dark . the doctor ; “ i know the full importance of the statement i have just made , and the disposition of the man to whom i have made it . ” he rob you every year ? ” <unk> is your name ? ” d ’ artagnan to athos , “ you see , my dear friend , that this is war to the death . ” some thanks . the cardinal ’ s men , a cousin of rochefort ! pity ! ” murmured villefort , wringing his hands . ” asked he , “ any intention of holding this hunting party yesterday	46.79620361328125
? ” me his name ? ” , the king ought to defend himself to the last . ” dear john , ” said lord de winter , “ come in , and shut the door . ” behind him was a pursuing boat , and he redoubled his exertions , increasing rapidly his distance from the château , but <unk> his strength . and have not yet been used . live ? ” the end of some seconds two sharp taps were heard inside . fiercely as they made their demand , and the red light of the fire made them look like demons . someone ? i mean men of courage . do better , mercédès . i am not offended , ” answered she ,	81.81623077392578
“ but do you not see what a poor , helpless being i am , almost a stranger and an outcast in my father ’ s house , where even he is seldom seen ; whose will has been thwarted , and spirits broken , from the age of ten years , beneath the iron <unk> so sternly held over me ; oppressed , mortified , and persecuted , day by day , hour by hour , minute by minute , no person has cared for , even observed my sufferings , nor have i ever breathed one word on the subject save to yourself . morrel , “ make haste . give a fête on the third of october . ” said monte cristo , who repeated	181.68429565429688
to ali in the arabic language what he had just been saying to baptistin in french . were completely empty . and drew forth a bag . s a description you want ? ” for my wound . women were the most decorated , and the <unk> the most conspicuous . though he had not much confidence in the suggestions of his imagination . have three shots at you , and you will get as many from the cellar . was stopped on noirtier ’ s lips , seemed to start from his eyes . only 4,998 louis more , ” said peppino with the same indifference . said d ’ artagnan , “ it is twenty years since cardinal de richelieu made me lieutenant . ” said	77.67217254638672
, “ i am then to die ? ” and the count placed the packet in the man ’ s hands . with him on saturday , which was a very natural thing for him to do . french had 300,000 or 400,000 francs to pay this month in france ; and , knowing your strict punctuality , have collected all the bills bearing your signature , and charged me as they became due to present them , and to employ the money otherwise . ” ” asked the man . hour , an hour and a half elapsed , and during this period of anguish , edmond leaned over his friend , his hand applied to his heart , and felt the body gradually grow cold ,	89.95452880859375
and the heart ’ s pulsation become more and more deep and dull , until at length it stopped ; the last movement of the heart ceased , the face became livid , the eyes remained open , but the <unk> were glazed . ” said maximilian ; “ i came expressly to wish them farewell . ” , like one of <unk> ’ s heroes , with varnished shoes and white silk <unk> stockings , passed a white and tolerably <unk> hand through his light hair , and so displayed a sparkling diamond , that in spite of monte cristo ’ s advice the vain young man had been unable to resist putting on his little finger . ! ” replied d ’ artagnan . said athos	99.59337615966797
, “ charlotte backson , who first was called comtesse de la fère , and afterwards milady de winter , baroness of <unk> . ” , however , and these gentlemen , i am sure , will presently be of my opinion . ” ? ” that this caution concerned blaisois <unk> enough since it had been a useless one to grimaud . if i have lied or spoken the truth . ” of god led my steps to thee and that he also enables me to quit thee in triumph ; the secret cause of my presence within thy walls i have confided alone to him who only has had the power to read my heart . andrea , <unk> , “ by my faith , if	128.96437072753906
it was only to breakfast with you , that you disturbed me , i wish the devil had taken you ! ” ? ” i fought for years . said raoul , suddenly , “ you recall something , which , in my haste to relate my exploits , i had forgotten ; it is that there was with her majesty the queen of england , a gentleman who , when i pronounced your name , uttered a cry of surprise and joy ; he said he was a friend of yours , asked your address , and is coming to see you . ” everything . ” was prisoner until i paid the sum of 4,000 roman <unk> <unk> francs . , you will no longer be	71.05176544189453
performing your <unk> for practice , but on a field of battle . ” and her hair arranged ( she had accomplished this feat in less than ten minutes ) , received the count on his entrance . ” repeated monte cristo . more <unk> horse , phoebus or <unk> ; we are going with some ceremony . ” making his most splendid toilet , then returned to athos ’ s , and according to custom , related everything to him . gave these details , that albert seemed to have something to ask of him , but that he was unwilling to ask it . caderousse , “ can you without expending one sou , put me in the way of getting fifteen thousand francs ? it	97.44085693359375
is owing to him that we are free . ” with yourself , ” said he to raoul when they were alone , “ are you not ? ” here , and go and speak to madame de villefort , who is trying to attract your attention . ” most men who have passed twenty years of age . few leagues from villars-cotterets . ’ artagnan , ” said the minister , sitting down , “ i am about to give you the greatest proof of confidence that a minister can give an officer . ” it would have been too tedious to acquire the names of the prisoners ; he learned their numbers instead . so , my lord , it was so—in the left side ,	43.67327117919922
and with a knife . d ’ artagnan . was looking at his watch for about the hundredth time , at the beginning of the second act the door opened , and monte cristo entered , dressed in black , and , leaning over the front of the box , looked around the <unk> . , dressed as i am in this pilot coat , on a night as dark as this . without reflection or thought for the divine charm which is in the things of nature , <unk> after a fantastic dream ; then gradually this view of the outer world , so calm , so pure , so grand , reminded him of the <unk> of his vision , and once more awakened memory .	75.76856231689453
sir , ” continued morrel ; “ you want something ; shall i call one of the servants ? ” , danglars , ” said caderousse , winking at his friend , “ this is how it is ; fernand , whom you see here , is a good and brave catalan , one of the best fishermen in marseilles , and he is in love with a very fine girl , named mercédès ; but it appears , unfortunately , that the fine girl is in love with the mate of the _pharaon_ ; and as the _pharaon_ arrived <unk> , you understand ! ” curate , or if he is not at home , go to the convent of the augustines , which is the last	58.071754455566406
house on the right , and bring me one of the brothers . flaming , was sinking into the embrace of the welcoming ocean . with one hand , whose trembling he did not even attempt to conceal , to read : in some degree ; when i wish to listen to sounds more exquisitely attuned to melody than mortal ear ever yet listened to , i go to sleep . ” would be for his majesty , who is seeking everywhere for brave fellows to recruit for his musketeers ! ” answered porthos , “ i understand you perfectly , on my honor ; two hundred louis , each of us , would be making a pretty thing of it ; but what will people say ?	120.9292984008789
” rang to announce the drawing up of the curtain for the second act . is only to be combated by extreme carelessness . stopped at the house , a lady alighted in a black or dark blue dress , and always thickly veiled ; she passed like a shadow through the lodge , and ran upstairs without a sound escaping under the touch of her light foot . ” said the duke , “ and return as soon as possible . ” ” said d ’ artagnan in a subdued voice , “ i , the comte de wardes . ” the doorway , not daring to approach nearer , were looking at noirtier ’ s old servant , who had heard the noise from his master	71.11968994140625
’ s room , and run there also , remaining behind the others . happen to me ? to disobey the law , that was to risk his head , that was to make at one blow an enemy of a minister more powerful than the king himself . true—the most curious spectacle in life is that of death . countenance , but a sinister smile passed over the lips of athos . was a merciless war between <unk> war to the death . , dear monsieur porthos ? ” said she , <unk> . kitty , blushing . . a minister of god . ” your majesty personally ? ” inquired aramis . was his , and i have promised him that you shall live . ”	76.38722229003906
? ” repeated the inspector . become one of the family , you can ask him that question . ” <unk> all his qualities to his auditors ; and , as i have said , the auditors seeming to have great deference for the narrator , they every moment burst into fits of laughter . , ” said felton , stopping the duke ; “ but does your grace know that the name of charlotte backson is not the true name of this young woman ? ” ’ avrigny was returning to valentine ’ s room , accompanied by villefort , an italian priest , of serious demeanor and calm and firm tone , hired for his use the house adjoining the hotel of m. de villefort .	73.2032699584961
the way back myself , ” said the captain ; “ that is the least honor that i can render to your excellency . ” with us without knowing our names , ” said athos , “ by the same token that you won our horses . ” return our best thanks for his courtesy . ” this moment , he would have been proclaimed king of the _moccoli_ , and <unk> the <unk> to the throne . editions not protected by u.s. copyright law means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works , so the foundation ( and you ! ) speak ! ” m. de blacas , “ if it only be to reassure a faithful servant , will your majesty send	85.6816177368164
into languedoc , provence , and dauphiné , trusty men , who will bring you back a faithful report as to the feeling in these three provinces ? ” anne of austria had entered the king ’ s room . the tastes of the day ? ” him with open arms , was chilled as he drew near , in spite of the friendly smile , and simply held out his hand . , ” cried d ’ artagnan , as if carried away by his enthusiasm , “ to that of the king and the cardinal . ” is a hostage for the parisians , ” answered the cardinal . announcing all this is , that all good and faithful catholics may offer up their prayers for	73.70381164550781
the unfortunate culprits , and , above all , beseech of heaven to grant them a sincere repentance . ” words with this man which the traveller did not understand , but which evidently concerned him . officer , she began the descent of the ladder , at the foot of which the boat waited . father , and knows how to calculate . ” the other was not looking , hazarded a sly glance . wait until the last moment , and when my misery is certain , <unk> , hopeless , i will write a confidential letter to my brother-in-law , another to the prefect of police , to acquaint them with my intention , and at the corner of some wood , on the brink	97.45433044433594
of some abyss , on the bank of some river , i will put an end to my existence , as certainly as i am the son of the most honest man who ever lived in france . ” this sound could proceed . , you noticed on the evening of the ball we gave , that m. de monte cristo would eat nothing in our house . ” cross the lys ? ” young person with you tonight , count , ” said eugénie . dear lucien , here are <unk> , of <unk> them , and persuade the minister to sell us such instead of poisoning us with cabbage leaves . ” the wild and deserted look of the plain around her , and pressed closely	99.089599609375
against her guide , not uttering a syllable ; but as she saw him advance with even step and composed countenance , she endeavored to repress her emotion . ” murmured he , “ in my house ! ” said athos . of each of <unk> on arriving in france . to make you dislike me ? ” first care of government should be to set at liberty those who have suffered for their <unk> to it . ” ” said he ; “ she has spoken to them . granddaughter , ” continued the notary , “ because she has contracted an engagement contrary to your wishes ? ” marked as such and sent to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation at the address specified in section	77.1750717163086
4 , “ information about donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation . ” accompany you . ” three months , ” said penelon . , honor and wit , not to mention likewise that he is a man of undoubted resolution . all is fair in war , stratagem as well as force ; look yonder ! ” i think we should ask you that question ; you know such news much better than we do . during the prescribed three months to her estate of saint-méran ; i say hers , for she inherits it today . ’ t consulted my daughter ; but if she has good <unk> ” not so closely adjusted but that a hasty peep might be obtained through their interstices	145.99383544921875
; but the strict <unk> and rigid propriety of the inhabitants of the house left no grounds for <unk> that advantage would be taken of that circumstance . then , ” returned lucien ; “ for i am <unk> low . ” the valet entered the chamber . shoulders , made a sign to his escort and started . on his way , and finding a malicious satisfaction in causing the adherents of his foes to prostrate themselves at his feet . you stupid fellow ! ” said the young man ; “ i am d ’ artagnan ; don ’ t you know me ? flashed fire ; and , as often happens on such occasions , from shame they passed to effrontery and two heads of	88.4090347290039
<unk> advanced upon the king . get back ? ” , most wretched , ” replied mercédès . too , will be punished , for you did not do your duty as a <unk> should have prevented benedetto from killing me . ” reached the foot of the _mandaïa_ , a priest arrived in some haste , forced his way through the soldiers , and , advancing to the chief of the brotherhood , gave him a folded paper . badly ! ” replied a voice which the young man recognized as that of planchet ; for , soliloquizing aloud , as very preoccupied people do , he had entered the alley , at the end of which were the stairs which led to his chamber . you	87.96829223632812
understand me , ” replied caderousse , calmly ; “ i said without your laying out a sou . ” father ; i understand you. ” then extending his hand towards one of the pistols , he said , “ there is one for you and one for <unk> ! ” no , it is not he ! ” cried bonacieux ; “ no , i was deceived . , was not— ” ? a man of god , sir , ” cried caderousse ; “ for no one knew that edmond had given you this diamond , and you might have kept it . ” dear count . the morning ! he no longer cried out , lifted his head up by the hair ; his eyes	42.47801971435547
were closed , and the mouth was distorted . ” continued olivain , in despair , “ what would the count say if he only saw you now ! ” should think the other must be dead , i hanged her so effectually . ” suddenly exclaimed debray . ” said d ’ artagnan , in great anxiety . ” cried baptistin . for the future , and determined as he was to make his three friends the instruments of his fortune , d ’ artagnan was not sorry at getting into his grasp beforehand the invisible strings by which he reckoned upon moving them . he put the <unk> in again . a vocabulary of the words i knew ; turned , returned , and arranged them	100.48607635498047
, so as to enable me to express my thoughts through their medium . man ? ” asked de winter , turning around . approach . door opening and shutting was repeated the instant afterward ; the flaming globe descended afresh , and i was completely alone . if you please , to answer in different order , or i will not do so at all . ” he , “ leave me alone with patrick and <unk> , is that you , de winter ? a friend has sent to second me in everything . , to divine all , to anticipate all . a journey of four days for ordinary travelers , but d ’ artagnan arrived on the third day at the barriere saint denis	107.89299774169922
. had taken off his mask and imitation beard , then , mounting a staircase , had opened a door , and in a room lighted by a single lamp found himself face to face with a man seated behind a desk . witness had seen me draw the water from that fountain , and had taken advantage of my confidence in it , the better to assure my ruin , so coolly resolved upon , so cruelly pursued . , my cares , my exile , and my chains , i have my youth , my prayers , and god , who counts my pains . ” in the hope that they might meet with less interruption ; but at crèvecœur , aramis declared he could proceed	152.0563201904297
no farther . know that some time after edmond ’ s arrest , he married mademoiselle de saint-méran , and soon after left marseilles ; no doubt he has been as lucky as the rest ; no doubt he is as rich as danglars , as high in station as fernand . ” said the young woman , in a dying voice . it was remorseful : it was remorseful because it concealed a crime . ” to them this knife , ” said the duke , pressing the hand of laporte . ” said mousqueton , “ i can ’ t swim ; let me stay here . ” same , with a little more concern , however , for the noble creatures , whose merits he	72.05134582519531
fully appreciated ; but he had the satisfaction of seeing three or four grooms run from the kitchens and the stables , and busy themselves with the steeds . , has not dantès given you a letter from him ? ” his dungeon , the door was thrown open , and the guards appeared . to strike at him with horrible fury , screaming in a formidable way . as i did not consider my house safe enough , or lawyers sufficiently discreet , and as landed property carries evidence with it , and moreover since you have no right to possess anything independent of your husband , i have kept this sum , now your whole fortune , in a chest concealed under that closet , and	149.8882598876953
for greater security i myself concealed it there . age of forty-six . indemnify and hold the foundation , the trademark owner , any agent or employee of the foundation , anyone providing copies of project gutenberg™ electronic works in accordance with this agreement , and any volunteers associated with the production , promotion and distribution of project gutenberg™ electronic works , harmless from all liability , costs and expenses , including legal fees , that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur : ( a ) distribution of this or any project gutenberg™ work , ( <unk> ) alteration , <unk> , or <unk> or <unk> to any project gutenberg™ work , and ( c ) any defect	280.6271057128906
you cause . the baroness ; “ you could not have entertained any alarm on the subject , because you are perfectly well aware that i have had for a month in my service the very best coachman in paris . his majesty ’ s musketeers , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and consequently your superior in everything ; only , as the question now is not of rank , but of <unk> know the <unk> and seek for yours ; the first to return will recover his chamber . ” d ’ artagnan , pressing her hand still more warmly . farewell ! ” are afraid of him . doubt , with a superstitious idea ; she conceived that heaven denied its aid , and	68.74849700927734
she remained in the attitude in which she had fallen , her head drooping and her hands clasped . next minute madame danglars left her room in a charming loose dress , and came and sat down close to debray . destroyed your compromising letter ? ” gaining his <unk> search him on the spot , or to carry him away , making a <unk> of his body , and search him in the trench . myself , and for you , gentlemen , which will be said , gentlemen , for which i have not the least doubt you will be marvelously benefited . ” whom the last circumstance was mentioned as a fact , declared he had seen the quarries in question , which gave great	100.99551391601562
weight to assertions hitherto somewhat doubtful , but which now assumed the garb of reality . would have seized the silken <unk> and summoned assistance , but nothing astonished her in her present situation . your majesty must perceive there is no time to lose ! ” at first ; but d ’ artagnan made use of the comte de la fere ’ s name , and after paying a visit to madame de chevreuse , raoul started to rejoin the army . , was situated precisely the same as no . men attached to each other , true in heart , really united ? ” his yacht round the island , studying it as a skilful horseman would the animal he destined for some important service ,	149.9062042236328
till at the end of that time he was perfectly conversant with its good and bad qualities . the queen , turning to <unk> , our old acquaintance , “ you will open the conferences . in his presence ; from time to time to irritate him by affected disdain , by a contemptuous word ; to provoke him to threats and violence which would produce a contrast with her own <unk> was her plan . you please , and follow us . ” ” said milady . gutenberg ebook twenty years after *** toward the unhappy man in danger . beat more rapidly . ’ said i , ‘ are we really to be killed ? ’ and at the sound of my voice the slaves redoubled	103.64826965332031
their cries and prayers and lamentations . me well enough to give me one of those sweet means of death of which we were speaking ; a death without agony , a death which allows me to fade away while pronouncing valentine ’ s name and pressing your hand . ” you , baron , ” said morcerf . . ” are come to see me die . with a firm hand , she said , “ drink . ” ’ artagnan was soon perfected . i am <unk> on . ” ! <unk> madame de villefort ! ” cried the procureur from the door of his chamber , which apparently he scarcely dared to leave . usual at the palais royal . ” replied porthos , “	56.197967529296875
to be candid with you , i am not happy . ” i existed when it was arranged by your two families that you should be united . astonished at his singular farewell , and asking himself if he had not been a little inconsiderate . left , accompanied only by baptistin . had never been before . project gutenberg™ , including how to make donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , how to help produce our new ebooks , and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new ebooks . glittered in his hand , and he sprang upon his adversary , whom , thanks to his great youthfulness , he hoped to intimidate . , and so i came to you	101.73289489746094
without any warning . , and the young man retired to his task , in the spirit of obedience and respect which he had sworn to show towards his aged friend . time , then , that you ever went to that house ? ” madame , that he did what i have told you ; besides , that is not much more odious than that a frenchman by <unk> should pass over to the english ; that a spaniard by birth should have fought against the spaniards ; that a <unk> of ali should have betrayed and murdered ali . that . ” than <unk> at the village of <unk> , while drinking at an inn , he had learned without <unk> to ask a question that	96.20342254638672
the evening before , at half-past eight , a wounded man who accompanied a lady traveling in a post-chaise had been obliged to stop , unable to go further . , ” said d ’ avrigny ; “ since you have commenced your sacred office , deign to continue it . all that you are trifling with my happiness , that my life or death are nothing to you . , others making comments and recalling circumstances which <unk> the charges still more . to lord de winter , who , kissing it respectfully , went out and traversed alone and <unk> those large , dark and deserted apartments , brushing away tears which , <unk> as he was by fifty years spent as a courtier , he	134.9711151123047
could not withhold at the spectacle of royal distress so dignified , yet so intense . think that this room contained a happy , merry party , who desire nothing better than to laugh and dance the hours away ? ” ’ he could scarcely account to himself , the young catalan placed his hand on the knife at his belt . , my dear mousqueton ? ” he said . aramis , “ and even at the head of his twenty men , if i could have drawn without being recognized . ” scene of his painful recollections , they both accompanied him downstairs , reiterating their hope that he would come again whenever he pleased , and assuring him that their poor dwelling would ever be	132.5721435546875
open to him . in my devotion to you as you believe in the goodness of providence and the love of <unk> ” valentine gave him a look full of gratitude , and remained as docile as a child . . man , but you have acted better than man . evening , if that suits you ; by that time we shall have returned . ” young man who brought the monk to you ? ’ said he , ‘ swear to perform what i am going to tell you , for it is a matter of the deepest importance . ’ must either have paid his <unk> ” yet i do live . ” . the bearings of the coast , explained to him the variations	60.61617660522461
of the compass , and taught him to read in that vast book opened over our heads which they call heaven , and where god writes in azure with letters of diamonds . in his room . ” heat of the summer has dried up , and which after the <unk> storms gradually begin <unk> drop by drop , so did the count feel his heart gradually fill with the bitterness which formerly nearly overwhelmed edmond dantès . the president , when silence was restored , ‘ is the count of morcerf convicted of <unk> , treason , and conduct <unk> a member of this house ? ’ — ‘ yes , ’ replied all the members of the committee of inquiry with a unanimous voice . ?	190.9021453857422
” ! ” monsieur cardinal , we shall see , ” said the king , who , in his joy at finding the queen guilty of a crime which he cared little about , and innocent of a fault of which he had great dread , was ready to make up all <unk> with her , “ we shall see , but upon my honor , you are too indulgent toward her . ” if he had doubted his words . you enter ? amounted to fifty thousand crowns , and he had , besides , the prospect of seeing her fortune increased to half a million at her father ’ s death . wear ? ” one can not remain thus , with a sword hanging eternally	89.39232635498047
over his head , ” said athos . ” cried raoul . some one on whom we can count ; for i imagine , just now , that <unk> cromwell would not be inclined to trifle with us . it ; before we left villeroy i settled the accounts of the regiment . ” statement contained in it should be <unk> . ” a beautiful girl of sixteen or seventeen , who looked with anxiety at the stranger . ! ” observed franz . eyes , a straight nose , a chin cut like that of brutus , had altogether an indefinable character of grandeur and grace . , ” said faria , “ i told you how i managed to obtain that—and i only just make it	108.01766967773438
from time to time , as i require it . ” to say , in case of emergencies , was the proverbial <unk> <unk> ! on your mind ! ” said athos . the count ’ s box , the door opened , and monte cristo came forth . he to the host . ” looking at grimaud , the duke asked himself if he was not dreaming and if that marble figure was really at his service and would grow animated when the moment came for action . was piqued . grimaud near every prince ? ” and eat . ” or not , my opinion is still the same , ” returned albert . ? what do you say to a cart ? the musketeer ,	69.07433319091797
as if he had received a ball in his heart . cardinals . ’ this island ? ” you , my lord , ” replied groslow , with an irish accent , feigned of course , “ that if you are looking for captain rogers you will not find him . gone he sat down in the arm-chair opposite the president and struck his boots with a little cane which he carried in his hand . ” ” , what can you want that begins with n ? perfectly clear , and his body refreshed ; he was free from the slightest headache ; on the contrary , he felt a certain degree of lightness , a faculty for absorbing the pure air , and enjoying the bright	74.01366424560547
sunshine more vividly than ever . lived in the hôtel . d ’ artagnan . say to you ? ” count ’ s companionship , perceived , or affected to perceive nothing of this <unk> . i am ! ” cried she , clasping her hands , and raising her eyes to heaven . ? my lord , and was jealous . more to do at versailles , i went to auteuil , and gained all the information i could . it belongs to you or another , you may perhaps stand in need of it . ” the assistance of two strangers , two unknown persons ? a member of the academy of sciences for this ? ” felton gave him back his weapon . ” if	63.90976333618164
, like us , your excellency lived at leghorn , you would hear , from time to time , that a little merchant vessel , or an english yacht that was expected at bastia , at porto-ferrajo , or at civita vecchia , has not arrived ; no one knows what has become of it , but , doubtless , it has struck on a rock and foundered . comprehended what a terrible thirst for vengeance urged this woman on to destroy him , as well as all who loved him , and how well she must be acquainted with the affairs of the court , since she had discovered all . at that instant there was such a <unk> of <unk> that one might have imagined the	123.01032257080078
infernal regions had opened . learn philosophy ? ” then ? ” said monte cristo . off to the nearest goldsmith ’ s , and sell that diamond for the highest price you can get from him . extraordinary , ” said château-renaud ; “ still , what i admire the most , i confess , is the marvellous promptitude with which your orders are executed . , as if to thank heaven . lafitte ’ s <unk> , behind one of the little arched windows which are placed above each desk ; he saw mercédès enter the diligence , and he also saw albert withdraw . ” cried the king , “ forward ! interview with the cardinal , and said , for the third time drawing	97.40387725830078
his commission from his pocket , “ you , our friend , our intelligence , our invisible protector , accept this commission . ” said milady , in a tone of voice so firm , and with a countenance so unchanged , that if d ’ artagnan had not been in such perfect possession of the fact , he would have doubted . ; ” said he , “ it is a pity they are not really related ! ” then , after an instant of gloomy reflection , “ come , i will go to see the morrels , ” said he ; “ i think that disgust is even more sickening than hatred . ” her son ’ s arm and leaving the house . almost	57.00883102416992
instantaneously , but much better aimed than those of the aggressors ; three soldiers fell dead , and one of the pioneers was wounded . swear solemnly that i shall never have reason to repent my recommendation . ’ good opportunity for escape ; he called out his name and cried for help . time to pay ? ” , with all the patient solicitude of a mother , she watched for his return . said maximilian , “ the voice of my heart is very sorrowful , and promises me nothing but misfortune . ” extremity of the village ; during the drive night had set in , and darkness gave the surroundings the artificial appearance of a scene on the stage . corpse was plunged a	132.71368408203125
poniard , the gold hilt of which shone in the moonbeams . ? ” said d ’ artagnan , turning to the servant , “ tell his eminence that in half an hour i shall be at his command . ” murmured the count . of monte cristo ” said debray . this fine story , monsieur ? place of those two fellows . ” more than me , ” said the cardinal . ” continued villefort , in a perfectly calm tone , “ where you conceal the poison by the aid of which you have killed my father-in-law , m. de saint-méran , my mother-in-law , madame de saint-méran , barrois , and my daughter valentine . ” tell you all ; but take away the	39.08696746826172
young man ; i can not endure his presence . ” the width of the table from her husband , burst into tears , and the young girls clung to their father ’ s arms . , acquainted with a variety of languages , so as to have been able to read all these ? ” , but at the door his heart almost failed him , and he felt inclined to return . the materials for making this wonderful work ? ” was excellent , and admirably served , franz looked repeatedly at albert , in order to observe the impressions which he doubted not had been made on him by the words of their entertainer ; but whether with his usual carelessness he had paid but	86.94807434082031
little attention to him , whether the explanation of the count of monte cristo with regard to duelling had satisfied him , or whether the events which franz knew of had had their effect on him alone , he remarked that his companion did not pay the least regard to them , but on the contrary ate like a man who for the last four or five months had been condemned to partake of italian <unk> is , the worst in the world . held for twenty-five years had succeeded in making him more or less than man . the sort of presentation which was to be made that evening , were all in attendance . on her table myself tonight , ” he murmured . , rubbed	112.0677719116211
his eyelids , and opened his eyes . it looks so . englishman ’ artagnan , a gascon gentleman , serving in the king ’ s musketeers . as children do in order that they may see in the resplendent night of their own imagination more stars than are visible in the firmament ; then he <unk> them , and stood motionless with amazement . his family was still called in gascony , or m. de tréville , as he has ended by styling himself in paris , had really commenced life as d ’ artagnan now did ; that is to say , without a sou in his pocket , but with a fund of audacity , shrewdness , and intelligence which makes the <unk> gascon gentleman	92.14690399169922
often derive more in his hope from the paternal inheritance than the richest <unk> or <unk> gentleman <unk> in reality from his . a visit this evening , ” replied he . was drawn , and glittered in the air like lightning . mask , it is not difficult to wear a beard under it . ” put his hand to his sword . from expecting the change you have just informed me of ; namely , that four years afterwards , this colossus of power would be overthrown . : www.gutenberg.org/donate . never drank , and put the crown piece in his pocket . i heard that . ” , rely on the notes he has left concerning you ? ” ? ” aramis , laughing ,	125.96363830566406
“ we have praised the dead enough , let us <unk> the living a little ; i should like to say something evil of mazarin ; is it permissible ? ” as he would a guardian angel , to give him food ; he offered him 1,000 francs for a mouthful of bread . d ’ artagnan , abandoning the attempt to burst open the panel after several <unk> attempts , “ athos , i can not imagine how you can talk to us in that way . circumstances to the rank of a confidant to his master . is fair in war ; the vanquished must not be dainty in the choice of means . chapter how madame danglars went formally to announce to madame de villefort	133.44158935546875
the approaching marriage of eugénie danglars and m. andrea cavalcanti . i think , the concierge said . be carried on openly . ” fog rising from the river , ” said the king . , it is death , or at least imprisonment , for him who takes my place . ” as if she had not heard his exclamation , or as if she thought the moment was not yet come to reply to it . proper title i should be a lord . the contrary ? ” asked aramis , laughing . ” said the queen ; she signed a patent . <unk> , or even gold crowns , ” thought d ’ artagnan , “ we shall yet be able to do business <unk>	67.89026641845703
” he saluted the cardinal and plunged the bag into the depths of an immense pocket . of the young man . ; yet you have something to tell me ? ” replied the count with increased anxiety . d ’ artagnan , “ ’ tis twenty years <unk> have a good <unk> i had the honor behind a piece of tapestry in the hotel de ville , of kissing one of those lovely hands . ” those who think that the necessary silence of the night brings counsel with it . ? ” the taciturn grimaud , here ? ” thought d ’ artagnan , “ there are so many things his silence would have told me ; with grimaud silence was another form of eloquence !	73.64258575439453
” lord de winter in english , who thereupon requested d ’ artagnan ’ s permission to retire , <unk> himself on account of the urgency of the business that had called him away , and charging his sister to obtain his pardon . heavy , and too firmly <unk> , to be moved by anyone man , were he hercules himself . either of these two friends proposed to you to let mazarin go ? ” to me , ” replied morrel , “ that in delivering m. de morcerf , whom you did not know , you did good to your neighbor and to society . ” <unk> ’ caderousse followed him slowly to the threshold . same thing , ” cried the young woman .	72.23411560058594
that of the carriages that were carrying the maskers home ; nothing was visible save a few lights that burnt behind the windows . in an error , do not have the cruelty to lift me from it . ” though hardly two-and-twenty , had great influence over his father . however , steps were heard inside . . he always kept company with whoever of his friends was on duty . is a fresh diamond which i <unk> in the casket of my heart . physiognomist . , or not . you ? by a powerful spring , and her eyes flashed lightning . said she seduced him , did you not ? ” to all probability she soon will be , ” replied edmond . does	138.1571044921875
he bless ? to fear from him , caderousse began to go down . ” said the king , “ you with your alarms prevent me from working . ” much confidence in the word of his friend that he lowered his head , and entered the inn without reply . ? ” shore , took him on board , and conveyed him to a yacht splendidly fitted up , on whose deck he sprung with the activity of a sailor ; thence he once again looked towards morrel , who , weeping with joy , was shaking hands most cordially with all the crowd around him , and thanking with a look the unknown benefactor whom he seemed to be seeking in the skies . been beaten	103.9617919921875
; everyone shook off the drowsiness of night , and to dispel the humid morning air , came to take a drop at the inn . heartrending in them that m. d ’ artagnan , who had been at first the most eager in pursuit of milady , sat down on the stump of a tree and hung his head , covering his ears with the <unk> of his hands ; and yet , notwithstanding , he could still hear her cry and threaten . ” replied milady . the italian . ” cried bertuccio , setting down the lantern at the angle of the interior wall . , ” repeated the count . , my lad ; in three days we shall be delivered from this creature	84.58871459960938
, and where i shall send her she can harm nobody . ” boisterously . wishes ? ” with a slow and accusing gesture , to the left shoulder of milady , which he almost touched with his finger . a young voice that made athos start . a foreigner , sir , ” said she , with an accent as pure as ever was heard between portsmouth and <unk> ; “ my name is lady clarik , and this <unk> ” the greek servants hold no communication with those of this country . ” left no doubt whatever on the mind . but became as pale as a corpse . sight of that woman and she is now in safety in the convent , which you should	95.54114532470703
never have allowed her to reach , try , at least , not to miss the man . you , accordingly , that i have pitched upon to conduct the king and the queen to saint germain . ” . these lines , which are in accordance with the double motion of the earth , and the <unk> it describes round the sun , i am enabled to ascertain the precise hour with more minuteness than if i possessed a watch ; for that might be broken or deranged in its movements , while the sun and earth never <unk> in their appointed paths . ” come from ? ” person with them whom i knew perfectly well , and who had , in all probability made their	116.93610382080078
acquaintance ; he was a tailor named caderousse , but he was very drunk . grimaud , in the same silent dialect , “ we shall leave our skins there . ” deserved her fate ; do you not think so ? ” pray over her grave . ” young girl had attracted the attention of the whole house , and even the occupants of the boxes leaned forward to <unk> her magnificent diamonds . the inspector gazed curiously into the chamber of the <unk> <unk> , as the prisoner was usually called . porthos , “ death is nothing : it isn ’ t death that can disquiet us , since we don ’ t know what it is . stopped at the first floor . congratulated	79.31867980957031
herself upon having fallen into the hands of her brother-in-law , with whom she reckoned she could deal very easily , rather than into the hands of an acknowledged and intelligent enemy . morrel with a feeling of selfish joy ; for he thought this death would cause the wedding to be postponed <unk> . ; at least , so d ’ artagnan declared to himself . this scene made the perspiration roll from his forehead , and franz was stupefied . and thinking , ” thought d ’ artagnan ; “ but of what ? coadjutor was informed that a young man had come in after his departure and was waiting for him ; he started with delight when , on demanding the name of this young	89.27267456054688
man , he learned that it was louvieres . you to lead , poor maximilian , you who are formed for happiness ! acquaintance , thanks to my good fortune , with many noted persons , and have , at least for the moment , a crowd of friends . , ” he continued , turning towards m. de blacas and the minister of police , “ i have no further occasion for you , and you may retire ; what now remains to do is in the department of the minister of war . ” flanders . _had_ one ’ ? caderousse , “ little albert . ” the cemetery and laid him in a grave , he would allow himself to be covered with earth ,	72.2906265258789
and then , as it was night , the grave-diggers could scarcely have turned their backs before he would have worked his way through the yielding soil and escaped . with <unk> shades which gave only a feeble light , as if out of consideration for the envoy ’ s weak sight . at once the eight or ten seamen who composed the crew , sprang to their respective stations at the spanker <unk> and <unk> , topsail sheets and <unk> , the jib <unk> , and the topsail <unk> and <unk> . his illness , had returned from palma . he exclaimed , turning pale with anger , “ seven <unk> and allied armies <unk> that man . am pursued ! ” said andrea , clasping his	140.21409606933594
hands . ” she exclaimed , “ i recognize the flavor of my nocturnal beverage which refreshed me so much , and seemed to ease my <unk> brain . precaution is , i think , quite unnecessary . ” in the reception-room ? ” the island of monte cristo ; but dantès knew it , and had often passed it , situated twenty-five miles from pianosa , between corsica and the island of elba , and had once touched there . ; he came from marseilles , where he had been deputy procureur . , be tempted to believe , ” said the abbess , “ that this young person is innocent ? ” do you wish for ? ” the king , when the door was closed	67.1163101196289
, “ i believe you are right and that this man only came here with evil intentions . he insulted my father ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ write this for us in those neat little characters in which you wrote to marie michon that the mother of this gentleman intended to assassinate the duke of buckingham . ” at once , then ? ” inquired mordaunt . cried the boy , his eyes sparkling with joy , “ if i can find out where bazin is going ? that broussel and blancmesnil had made speeches in their behalf , and , although the eloquence of these deputies had been without avail , it had none the less won for them the people ’ s	92.69963836669922
good-will . did not require twice bidding ; they unfastened the two horses that were waiting at the door , leaped upon them , buried their spurs in their sides , and set off at full gallop . sea should become dry , as in the days of <unk> , and even then my vessels would become caravans . ” you guess well . second ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . the king and queen in safety also , at saint germain ? ” door , whilst i shall be at the head of the king ’ s bed , ready to die for him . ” is he not ? ” asked château-renaud of debray . , instead of looking at me so solemnly . struck	75.07904815673828
six . can place me in one of the provinces with some lady of your <unk> your own country , for instance . ” allowed , ” said morcerf , “ to pay my respects to mademoiselle danglars ? ” for athos had the solemn voice and the powerful gesture of a judge sent by the lord himself . mouth nor draw my sword between this and calais . myself into the sea , gained one of the islands near here—the isle de daume or the isle de <unk> then i should have been safe . ” wandering , fixed itself upon morrel . sleep , m. de tréville slept still worse . note contain ? ” and they exchanged conjectures . is worse than a service .	167.52264404296875
” he play in this sad drama ? ” inquired the abbé . ” said aramis , “ is the treaty proposed by the deputation of frondeurs . take you to be a worthy and accomplished gentleman . letter contains . ” king ; above the king there is god ! ’ drawing-room with that sort of official stiffness which <unk> a formal communication . you have just left ? ” said the count . god . ” name ? people spoke of the future . instead of answering , growled out “ ja ! worthy gentleman , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ pick out the longest , and come and show it to me this evening . ” ” said athos . . ” to	76.6397705078125
the water ’ s edge , and below them was a boat floating on the tide . porthos , aramis , lord de winter , and the man in the red cloak . of all this ? ” said athos , in a low tone to d ’ artagnan , after explaining to him in french what the sailor had said in english . indeed , sir , ” said the sweet girl , bathed in tears , “ i see that i am condemned to die ! ” alone , reflected for an instant and then rang the bell a third time . the hôtel des gardes . providing access to a work with the phrase “ project gutenberg ” associated with or appearing on the work	55.39292907714844
, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.e.1 through 1.e.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the project gutenberg™ trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.e.8 or 1.e.9 . aramis so much as to be mistaken for him . me , monseigneur , and be merciful ! expect a higher rank , and who knows what might have happened had the elder branch remained on the throne ? to look about him ; the hôtel de ville , a massive sixteenth century building , was on his right ; anyone could descend from the openings in the tower , and examine every corner of the roof below , and andrea expected momentarily to see the head of a gendarme appear at	148.26971435546875
one of these openings . , that is another thing . ’ , ” answered the other ; “ and no doubt his motive in visiting paris is to <unk> for the monthyon prize , given , as you are aware , to whoever shall be proved to have most <unk> advanced the interests of virtue and humanity . or rather always listen . ” over the grave of my father , ” replied morrel in a broken voice . leave of athos , excepting the old duc de <unk> , who , as an old friend of the family of la valliere , went to see little louise and offered to take her to blois in his carriage . ! ” did i should know all .	82.10047149658203
” , ” said porthos , resuming his melancholy air ; “ but i have been taught my mistake . ” mortification to him to have visited most of the principal cities in italy without having excited the most trifling observation . cristo , king of china , emperor of cochin-china , ” said the young <unk> , looking slyly towards his sister . it may be observed , with equal dignity and <unk> propriety . at ? ” murmured the queen , looking uneasily at the cardinal . ; not only was the villa brilliantly illuminated , but thousands of colored lanterns were suspended from the trees in the garden ; and very soon the palace overflowed to the terraces , and the terraces to the <unk>	114.7391128540039
. of carrying off her precious relic , which monte cristo had forgotten . we have only just begun . ” had been taken to prison , and he had gone to all his friends , and the influential persons of the city ; but the report was already in circulation that dantès was arrested as a bonapartist agent ; and as the most sanguine looked upon any attempt of napoleon to <unk> the throne as impossible , he met with nothing but refusal , and had returned home in despair , declaring that the matter was serious and that nothing more could be done . he thought of what was in store for his poor horses . to dispose , ” he continued , “ of the	105.1020736694336
parliament ! handful of men with him , and armies will be despatched against him . ” the attention of franz was attracted by the actors ; and his eyes turned from the box containing the greek girl and her strange companion to watch the business of the stage . million , ” said caderousse ; “ you can never have so much as i wish you . ” up . , ” said ; m. de villefort , “ and see what this new fancy of your grandfather ’ s is. ” valentine rose quickly , and was hastening joyfully towards the door , when m. de villefort altered his intention . , i am not mistaken , and have cause to say , ‘ spare my	68.89693450927734
son ! ’ ” up to lubin , who did not at all remember him , and the two lackeys began to chat with the best understanding possible ; while d ’ artagnan turned the two horses into a lane , went round the house , and came back to watch the conference from behind a hedge of <unk> . are at last , ” said one of them . aigues-mortes , martigues , or <unk> , a dozen places where we left our goods , and where , in case of necessity , we concealed ourselves from the gendarmes and custom-house officers . called mouston , ” thought d ’ artagnan ; “ ’ tis too long a word to pronounce ‘ mousqueton . ’ ” that	95.04499053955078
he had forty ways of getting out of prison . with blood ! ” i leave you , madame , and most prudent wife , without any conscientious reproach for abandoning you ; you have friends left , and the ashes i have already mentioned , and above all the liberty i hasten to restore to you . with superhuman strength , the armchair containing noirtier upstairs . more indistinct ; a tumultuous movement shook the partition . i go , will you go too ? ” he , “ if you came to me with the idea of demanding satisfaction , you should have gone at once to the point , and not have entertained me with the idle conversation to which i have been patiently listening	120.57064819335938
for the last half hour . ’ s <unk> abode , or rather <unk> ; it contained a few poor articles of household <unk> bed , a table , two chairs , a stone <unk> some dry herbs , hung up to the ceiling , which the count recognized as sweet peas , and of which the good man was preserving the seeds ; he had <unk> them with as much care as if he had been master <unk> in the <unk> des <unk> . at the tuileries chapter 11 . on the following sunday a te deum would be sung at notre dame in honor of the victory of lens . ” exclaimed valentine , who was supporting the head of morrel on her shoulder , “	123.8695068359375
do you not see how pale she is ? he threw himself as sole support , seemed to him now not much to be relied upon . i have any more to do with the affair ? , monsieur . ” , ” replied vampa , pointing to the hollow space in front of which the bandit was on guard , “ and i will go myself and tell him he is free . ” athos , “ when must we set out ? ” so keep on the watch , as they are gone away ; it ’ s for some purpose , rely on it . m. de villefort , “ have the kindness to wait half an hour ; valentine shall come down into the	54.66144943237305
drawing-room . , i think , no longer doubt my zeal in your behalf . ” danglars , whose weak mind was at first quite overwhelmed with the weight of this pitiless logic , marking evident premeditation and force of will , “ what is your reason for this refusal , eugénie ? too exacting . whom i offer you is a general syndic . ” and left the two men facing each other ; no material obstacle separated them . aramis and porthos . third day . ? ” ; i promise you not to persuade them to stay . ” friendly salute as d ’ artagnan . noirtier ’ s eyes met those of the abbé , and no doubt he read some particular expression in	114.70694732666016
them , for he remained in the room . any cause of personal dislike to you ? ” the banker to his daughter , “ are we then all to be excluded ? ” of the illustrious dead of whom that magnificent ruin is a glorious monument ! ” ” that is , perhaps , somewhat too hasty ; but i have <unk> to repress it . ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ and do you <unk> ” our side now , ” resumed aramis . alone in the world . ” it attentively . england is ! , you wished to study music , under the celebrated baritone who made such a successful appearance at the théâtre <unk> ; at the same time i felt inclined	73.27531433105469
to learn dancing of the <unk> who acquired such a reputation in london . said madame de villefort , “ the king ’ s attorney is here . ” . ” in enthusiastic gratitude , whilst her daughter threw her arms around her mother ’ s neck and kissed <unk> own eyes streaming with tears . are perfected , i will communicate my plans to you . ” not remember the name of the hotel . ” the soldier . he ; “ pity <unk> me ! ? ” ! not for me ? do well if they had any leader to unite them in one body . ” man ’ s passion . reach a shady spot , ” said andrea . side ; chairs were placed	57.17304229736328
, scaffolds were raised , and windows were hung with flags . de morcerf saw me . ” , i am now grieved i have kept my word . ” returned the count ; and he drew from his pocket a marvellous casket , formed out of a single emerald and closed by a golden lid which <unk> and gave passage to a small greenish colored <unk> about the size of a <unk> . 60,000 pouches and 200 barrels ; the pouches contained <unk> of money in gold , and the barrels were filled with 30,000 pounds of gunpowder . the real stake in this game , which two most powerful kingdoms played for the good pleasure of two amorous men , was simply a kind look from	189.29129028320312
anne of austria . it ; the thing is impossible . ” , grew animated by degrees , and smiled . to the right of the carriage , the other to the left . , ” said the host , “ i ’ ll give the pie and the bottle of wine to your servant , and in this way you will have the pen and ink into the bargain . ” of an hour . honor of a mazarin , as i am and ever shall be , i hope , ” said the cardinal . , to await a night sufficiently dark to favor their flight , they were obliged to defer their final attempt till that <unk> moment should arrive ; their greatest dread now	63.80924606323242
was lest the stone through which the sentry was doomed to fall should give way before its right time , and this they had in some measure provided against by <unk> it up with a small beam which they had discovered in the walls through which they had worked their way . . , in order to consummate the expulsion of her king ; france needs tranquillity to establish on solid foundations the throne of her young monarch . from father to son ; and there was a morrel who served in the same regiment with me when i was in garrison at <unk> . ’ ” , to which he left the charge of its own preservation , and in three or four strokes was at the	167.6982421875
gentleman ’ s side ; he seized the horse at once by the <unk> and raised its head above water ; the animal began to breathe again and , as if he comprehended that they had come to his aid , redoubled his efforts . ? ” added caderousse , “ as fast as i could to have the pleasure of shaking hands with a friend . ” to him , and said : “ monsieur de tréville , his majesty has just sent for me in order to inquire respecting the circumstances which took place yesterday at my hôtel . was a moment of silence , during which the queen pressed her hand to her side , evidently to still the beatings of her heart . through	61.05583190917969
all ; and then , my dear marquis , he would certainly have done everything for me that i performed for him . father ’ s christian name was fernand , and his family name mondego ? ” difficult , as there was no board to support him . ! ” even , to the great astonishment of his friends , he had , when aramis allowed some <unk> error to escape him , replaced a <unk> in its right <unk> and a <unk> in its case . for <unk> the lease ; they demanded 6,000 francs . and aramis rose and in one <unk> motion rushed to their swords . be left to his own free will . , rejoiced , ” said andrea . , ”	89.4737777709961
said the gascon , “ monsieur du vallon and i are going away as ambassadors , where , i know not ; but should you want anything , write to madame turquaine , at la chevrette , rue tiquetonne and draw upon her purse as on a <unk> economy ; for it is not so well filled as that of monsieur d ’ emery . ” him the advantage of watching his prisoner . the agent of thomson & french , at the moment when morrel expected it least , was to the poor shipowner so decided a stroke of good fortune that he almost dared to believe that fate was at length grown weary of wasting her spite upon him . exclaimed the baroness . 46 .	117.19835662841797
description ? ” of the justice of her <unk> of all this i have the proofs ? ” identity , but he did not venture to address him . ” your excellency , ” he said ; “ this must be one of your friends . ” yard , and wished to saddle the horses ; but the horses were all used up . but i feel that this <unk> ” regiment that was at lens , which the prince assigned to the cardinal . ” said albert , “ do you think we are going to run about on foot in the streets of rome , like lawyers ’ clerks ? ” provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu	61.32368469238281
of a refund . d ’ artagnan , what has happened to you ? ” no one is aware of the queen ’ s project ? ” instead of serving her . ” seizing the thick mass , which her long fingers could scarcely grasp , she took in her right hand a pair of long scissors , and soon the steel met through the rich and splendid hair , which fell in a cluster at her feet as she leaned back to keep it from her coat . , this woman whom he loved ! a registered trademark . impart to you , monsieur , for you alone can assist me in the mission i have just received from her majesty . ” ” said morrel ;	73.58922576904297
“ but i shall say , like the spaniard , ‘ he has not been so brave today as he was yesterday . ’ ” ? ” and fork . that this proud and violently <unk> woman could utter in response to debray . s turn to take a sly look . case to you , ” continued the count ; “ that where society , attacked by the death of a person , <unk> death by death . yourself , my sweet girl ! ” continued athos , knitting his brow , for this sort of investigation began to annoy him , “ that we have not come out without our arms . ” that with his conduct this morning ? ” in due order , —the	88.97832489013672
accusation , examination , morrel ’ s petition , m. de villefort ’ s <unk> notes . the praises of madame danglars ’ beautiful horses , and i had the folly to desire to know whether they really merited the high praise given to them . ” son had good reasons to wish to fight with you , and to endeavor to kill you . ” received orders to usher him in at once . look at m. de villefort , and then ask me for proofs . ” so well aimed , and hit so directly , that lucien and the baroness were staggered , and they interrogated each other with their eyes , as if to seek help against this <unk> , but the irresistible will	103.76927947998047
of the master of the house prevailed , and the husband was victorious . the bishop , through fear or by persuasion , consent that he should enter in the bishop ’ s place , and clad in his sacerdotal robes , the prison at whitehall . prisoner took in the apartment in its <unk> details . , ” said the king , “ and that is all i had to say to you . ” , and i only regret that there does not exist another like her , about twenty years younger ; in that case , i assure you , there would very soon be a countess and <unk> of morcerf . on shore , a cord creaked as it ran through a <unk> ,	85.89867401123047
and dantès guessed they were at the end of the voyage , and that they were <unk> the boat . you please . ” ’ s hand to his lips , and then left the house by a back staircase . de villefort are both coming to this dinner . or eighteen days ago . ” , ” said monte cristo . porthos . morrel ; “ gone ! <unk> , my <unk> , my father ! ” my name in order that you may know where to find me , my lord , or my prince , as it may suit you best to be called , ” said our gascon , who did not choose to seem to yield to a threat . i carry five	42.02116775512695
hundred francs about with me ? , ” replied athos , “ you know well that the balls most to be dreaded are not from the enemy . ” have seen , the term which athos applied to d ’ artagnan in his more expansive <unk> . murderer ! ” him his hand , “ be welcome , my lord , ” said he , “ you are one of us . ” be a young man of rare qualities . ” in prison , monsieur du vallon and myself , because we could not believe that he had sent us to england to quietly look on while they cut off the head of charles i. , brother-in-law of the late king , your husband , the consort	56.9275016784668
of madame henrietta , your sister and your guest , and because we did all that we could do to save the life of the royal martyr . be agreeable to you that we hold our conference ? ” inquired aramis , perceiving that people were stopping to look at them , supposing that they were going to engage in one of those <unk> duels still <unk> in the memory of the parisians , and especially the inhabitants of the place royale . notary out of the room . morrel ; “ in that m. noirtier may be right ; you have not seemed to be well for the last fortnight . ” and recognized cucumetto . very pale . opened and the young henrietta appeared ; then	69.53826141357422
the queen , with that wonderful strength which is the privilege of parents , repressed her tears and motioned to de winter to change the subject . , and moreover came from a man who knew the king too well , to allow the four young men to dispute it . will find a wounded man , now being attended by our servants , who has asked the assistance of a minister of god . ” , unhappy man ; on yourself ? ” monsieur . ” he , “ i have an idea . ” am not a baron by birth , my real name is , at least , danglars . ” in the streets at this hour only ventures out to meet her lover .	80.14700317382812
himself in making figures , with his watch by his side . the countess , “ it was certainly empty during the first act ; ” then , resuming the subject of their previous conversation , she said , “ and so you really believe it was your mysterious count of monte cristo that gained the prize ? ” i am not ; for i assure you , his power over our household is almost unlimited . s office expecting that the magistrate would tremble at the sight of him ; on the contrary , he felt a cold shudder all over him when he saw villefort sitting there with his elbow on his desk , and his head leaning on his hand . had been made by	81.5541763305664
a man quite drunk to one who was half drunk ; and yet , in spite of the <unk> which the vapor of three or four bottles of burgundy carries with it to the brain , d ’ artagnan , when awaking on the following morning , had all the words of athos as present to his memory as if they then fell from his <unk> had been so impressed upon his mind . , and directed his steps toward the door . , for should your eminence be mistaken , there might ensue most grave results for all of us . ” ” said porthos , “ i am glad to hear d ’ artagnan admit that he is afraid . ” , ” said d ’	69.79740905761719
artagnan . cardinal are forever seeking quarrels with them , and for the honor of the corps even , the poor young men are obliged to defend themselves . ” ? ” . more happy , for only now did he begin to realize his felicity . his side , went up to the landlady , praised her <unk> was a horrible production from the country of <unk> heard from her that there were only two houses of importance in the village ; one of these belonged to the archbishop of paris , and was at that time the abode of his niece the duchess of longueville ; the other was a convent of jesuits and was the <unk> by no means unusual <unk> these worthy fathers .	108.8694839477539
sent us here . ” , and i have come hither with all speed . ” offered to you , madame , and what happens to you is the result of a very simple measure which we are obliged to adopt with all who land in england . ” ” to the end , and consent to be blindfolded . ” ” exclaimed monte cristo , shuddering ; “ who could have told you so ? ” are shut <unk> . ” direct , it seems to me . ” anyone who would set him at liberty . ” , and above all its formality , had not a little surprised the banker , who had immediately obeyed his daughter by repairing first to the drawing-room . we	57.555660247802734
breakfasted with him ; we rode in his carriage all day , and now we have taken possession of his box . ” revive the subject of the count , but franz announced he had something far <unk> to tell her , and , in spite of albert ’ s demonstrations of false modesty , he informed the countess of the great event which had preoccupied them for the last three days . somewhere ; you can say you were needlessly alarmed ; you can turn their suspicions and save my life ! ” time of <unk> and <unk> <unk> . saint-méran only last year at marseilles , when i was coming back from algiers , ” said château-renaud ; “ she looked like a woman destined to	87.46165466308594
live to be a hundred years old , from her apparent sound health and great activity of mind and body . , ” cried d ’ artagnan . his horse , he may have cut a <unk> from the deck ; he may have traveled so fast against the wind as to have brought on a violent <unk> . if you were yourself preparing for some dangerous undertaking , about which i did not dare to question you , since you told me nothing . ali , who stood in the lobby , the count took albert ’ s arm . in wine as we are , we have sent you some anjou wine ? ” said porthos . <unk> the way , morcerf , that indirectly concerns	76.97260284423828
you—i am calculating what the house of danglars must have gained by the last rise in <unk> bonds ; from 206 they have risen to 409 in three days , and the prudent banker had purchased at 206 ; therefore he must have made 300,000 livres . ” harlequin costume . having a monarch to humiliate , evidently prepared to enjoy the right they had <unk> to themselves , and sent an officer to inform the king that it was customary for the accused to <unk> his head . at heart detested the cardinal , took pains to tell the story to two or three friends , who put it into immediate circulation . frenchmen have no consideration ! ” his hood , and disengaged his hands from	227.26287841796875
the folds of the cloak . , ” said albert , “ to hear such words proceed from the mouth of anyone but an actress on the stage , and one needs constantly to be saying to one ’ s self , ‘ this is no <unk> , it is all reality , ’ in order to believe it . sir , ” she answered ; “ but you know , things impress us differently , according to the mood of our <unk> ” villefort forced a laugh . shaking hand , seized a glass of water that was standing by him <unk> , swallowed it at one gulp , and then resumed his seat , with red eyes and pale cheeks . monte cristo ; “ since	82.78729248046875
, as i told you before , i do not wish to comprehend it . noirtier ; “ no . ” done you in betraying ali tepelini ? ” am not his friend , ” said she , sighing , “ but his victim ! ” does not love me ; i tell you she loves another ; i tell you she loves that infamous buckingham ! say to you , if you are really strong , really superior , really pious , or impenetrable , which you were right in saying amounts to the same <unk> be proud , sir , for that is the characteristic of <unk> . , gentlemen of the guards , ” said athos , full of <unk> , for jussac was one	66.30089569091797
of the aggressors of the preceding day . , my beautiful queen , and that would be a pity . ” honore and went up it toward the rue de la ferronnerie ; there the aspect changed ; here it was the tradesmen who were running from shop to shop ; their doors seemed closed like their shutters , but they were only pushed to in such a manner as to open and allow the men , who seemed fearful of showing what they carried , to enter , closing immediately . , ” said monte cristo , again placing his finger upon her lips , “ i did say poison and death . concealed beneath your words ? ” we can kill <unk> he will be hard	122.18155670166016
to kill , that <unk> will shriek out and the whole <unk> will come , and we shall be taken like <unk> , we , who are lions , and thrown into some dungeon , where we shall not even have the consolation of seeing this frightful gray sky of rueil , which no more resembles the sky of tarbes than the moon is like the sun . the valet paid him , he saw that his note had produced a good effect . s a long job , monsieur . ” ; the right idea has just occurred to me . ” , my dear sir , ” replied aramis , coldly , very little sensible to the reparation . law . been here ? ” by	100.6369857788086
louvieres , had not made another step forward ; but the awful murmuring , which indicates an angry people , continued . to his majesty . ” of this opera if i can avoid it ; the music of <unk> <unk> is so sweet . ” ! ” cried athos . amid cries which strongly resembled curses . the cardinal , in a tone that contrasted strongly with the severity of his words , “ you have constituted yourselves judges , without remembering that they who punish without license to punish are assassins ? ” guiche aside and asked him how the prisoner had been taken and who this young man was . said athos , “ we are just arrived from england and our first concern is	137.05221557617188
to inquire after your health . ” removed into another chamber ; but the eyes of the young man were accustomed to the night . when you asked me to propose you . ” be devoted to that very queen for whom just now you were seeking servants . ” la fere to come to me , ” said madame de chevreuse , “ i want to speak to him . ” the hair , by that costume of extreme simplicity , by the brow polished like marble and as hard and impenetrable , she recognized one of those gloomy puritans she had so often met , not only in the court of king james , but in that of the king of france , where , in	68.9512939453125
spite of the remembrance of the st. bartholomew , they sometimes came to seek refuge . franz , “ what think you of the count of monte cristo ? ” ” touching <unk> , monsieur , and although i did not myself believe it , i would not for the world have destroyed my father ’ s faith . old acquaintances of his ; he knew better than anyone else how to open that weather-beaten door with the large headed nail which served to raise the <unk> within . ” exclaimed the queen , “ the friend of my husband . oriental , a <unk> , maltese , indian , chinese ; your family name is monte cristo ; sinbad the sailor is your baptismal appellation , and	109.22952270507812
yet the first day you set foot in paris you instinctively display the greatest virtue , or rather the chief defect , of us eccentric parisians , —that is , you assume the vices you have not , and conceal the virtues you possess . ” now on the right path , ” said the count , crossing his arms over his broad chest ; “ <unk> ! ” the night , my lord , ’ i answered . looked upon with a rather favorable eye by a lady of quality , the duchesse <unk> , your pardon ; my master has commanded me to be discreet . and then , drawing dantès on one side , he said <unk> quesnel , baron d ’ épinay . ”	125.16832733154297
useless to inquire , ” returned the count ; “ perhaps , after all , he was not the man you seek for . thousand means of <unk> the _moccoletto_ ? —the gigantic <unk> , the monstrous <unk> , the superhuman <unk> . perfectly composed , ” said albert . at eight o ’ clock this evening ? ” she mean ? ” asked the dragoon , who had approached during the reading . of his fall . a white dressing-gown pouring a liquor from a phial into her glass . me a false diamond ? ” than four per cent , and generally only three and a half ; but to my son-in-law i would give five , and we would share the profits . ” the	83.37236785888672
door , where aramis pronounced his benediction upon him , and passing through the ante-rooms , filled with soldiers , jumped into his carriage and drove to the bishop ’ s palace . full project gutenberg license please read this before you distribute or use this work cold and calm as athos , frightened him . , excellency , ” replied pastrini , who was desirous of keeping up the dignity of the capital of the christian world in the eyes of his guest , “ that there are no carriages to be had from sunday to tuesday evening , but from now till sunday you can have fifty if you please . ” raoul , bowing , “ i am entirely at your service , i assure	99.7640609741211
you . ” the shoulder . ” monsieur de <unk> <unk> news there is . ” dear lieutenant , i promise you nothing ; but if you bring him back to me , dead or alive , you may ask all you wish . ” bedroom , and , glancing rapidly from the garden to the street , he saw first caderousse , who after walking to the end of the garden , fixed his ladder against the wall at a different part from where he came in . and the sloop which had arrived a week before lay at anchor in a small creek with her crew of six men , who had observed all the requisite formalities and were ready again to put to sea .	78.9063949584961
the person who let down the ladder . planchet . franz had ever seen a guillotine , —we say guillotine , because the roman _mandaïa_ is formed on almost the same model as the french <unk> the knife , which is shaped like a <unk> , that cuts with the <unk> side , falls from a less height , and that is all the difference . are not the king ; you are my uncle . ” ground floor might be heard the sound of music , with the <unk> of the <unk> and galop , while brilliant streams of light shone through the openings of the venetian blinds . fellow , edmond . ” here till i release you . ” whose house monsieur laporte can come	107.31085205078125
and fetch you ? ” they might find something far more grave than the selling of smuggled cigars , or barrels of brandy without a permit . listen , valentine , ” said the count ; “ i have a favor to ask of you . ” . ” you , sir ? ” asked maximilian . has touched you , as that gentleman said just now . ” bandits ? ” said franz , calculating the chances of peril . ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ this reconciliation is truly touching ; have you not tears in your eyes , porthos ? ” his cheek , placed his hand before his mouth , turned his head , and sent a long jet of <unk> into the	56.551944732666016
antechamber , advanced his foot , balanced himself , and began . fellow who paid like a prince . also to admire his poetry exceedingly . ” he called out to the postilions at every ascent . a <unk> branch i had noticed a year before at the precise spot where i stopped to dig the hole . as we said , the fifth of february . three thousand pistoles apiece if i can have them by the day after tomorrow . ” his father , for he never spoke on the subject , but from <unk> description of the last moments of the vizier of yanina ; he had read different accounts of his death , but the story seemed to acquire fresh meaning from the voice	145.38333129882812
and expression of the young girl , and her sympathetic accent and the melancholy expression of her countenance at once charmed and <unk> him . athos , “ is she not ? ” , who is a gourmand , sees his pates , thinks them more attractive than those of pere marteau and proposes to me that i shall try them . displayed a friendship for you , albert ? ” she asked with a nervous shudder . englishmen to sell us a bottle , ” said the honest blaisois . that the sovereign of the island of elba has maintained his relations with italy and france ? ” the band , luigi vampa . ” cried the old man , “ you make short work of this	87.1476821899414
kind of affair . he said , with a calm brow and kindly glance , but in a voice still trembling with recent emotion , “ i swear that i no longer bear animosity to those who were once my friends . glad not to fight them until to-morrow . ; you are not afraid ? ” said d ’ artagnan , coming back to recommend courage to his lackey . if you did , depend upon it , fernand picked it up , and either copied it or caused it to be copied ; perhaps , even , he did not take the trouble of <unk> it . choice ? ” asked jussac . of him . ” a fruit so rare that i trust , monsieur	67.17266082763672
de comminges , you will excuse my <unk> more eager since you have given us to understand that the news is good . ” his last orders ; take the least thing , drink a finger of wine , and let us be gone . ” whom you ought to serve , abandon the exterior , the material appearance for the invisible principle , for the invisible principle is everything . the door , so that you can go in and out as you please ; you will bring the priest with you , and will oblige me by introducing him into my child ’ s room . ” said d ’ artagnan to himself . remembered the tale he had told his friends on a certain evening	71.87815856933594
. father lost sight of him for more than ten years ; what he did during these ten years , god only knows . , ” replied monte cristo . , <unk> it , i beg of you , that i may at last believe it ! well , ” said the workman aloud , in excellent english . villefort , ” replied the doctor , “ my first duty is to humanity . . pastrini ? ” the substance was greenish . , you were teaching me just now how , in case of an invitation to dinner , one might <unk> make an excuse . that in one of the furtive glances she darted from time to time at the grating of the door she thought	81.77539825439453
she saw the ardent eyes of the young man through the narrow opening . so learned a person as yourself would prefer absolute solitude to being tormented with the company of one as ignorant and <unk> as myself . not right ; athos insults us ; he wishes to die alone ; it is bad , bad , bad . ” there will be enough to go around . ” me . ” deputy , who had been so kind to him , told him that provided he did not pronounce the dreaded name of noirtier , he had nothing to apprehend ? a single word , bowed , took the letter , with the order for the two hundred pistoles , and retired . father but seldom	88.46984100341797
, and then only when absolutely obliged , and as he never took any pains to please or gratify him when he was there , all the old man ’ s happiness was centred in his granddaughter . told you to invite me to appear with these studs ? ” choose to reveal the whole secret , lest another should reap all the benefit of the disclosure , had yet communicated enough to cause him the greatest uneasiness . , ” said bertuccio . therewith . ” athos , “ how much time we have lost . ” and looked at me . a good idea ! —two hours have i been boring you to death with my company , and then you , with the greatest politeness	132.6058349609375
, ask me if i am going . blois and is ignorant of my departure ; watch over him in my absence as much as you possibly can ; and if by chance you receive no news of me three months hence , tell him to open a packet which he will find addressed to him in my bronze casket at blois , of which i send you now the key . , then , since last evening , count ? ” you give me , ” asked she , “ if i consent to confide this message to you ? ” said the general . living in england , my lord , especially as envoy extraordinary . ” madame danglars , alarmed , “ what is there	85.56382751464844
more to hear ? ” ” said porthos , “ i desire to be made a baron . ” verses upon that subject ? i mistrust women . a lost child found , but you would be looked upon as an upstart , who had sprung up like a <unk> in the night . who appeared to him the equal of a demon , with agents as supernatural as herself ; at the least noise , he imagined himself about to be arrested , and that planchet was being brought back to be confronted with himself and his friends . told me . ” but to submit , and left the office to despatch a courier to morcerf . faria , and have been imprisoned as you know	89.50992584228516
in this château d ’ if since the year 1811 ; previously to which i had been confined for three years in the fortress of fenestrelle . muttered athos , as if arrested by some recollection . ; and there is an old proverb that says , ‘ traveling <unk> <unk> ’ my faith ! rose clear and resplendent , touching the <unk> waves into a network of <unk> light . until five o ’ clock ; be punctual , and we shall arrive at twelve or one . ” asked albert . his left were two footmen , with the seams of their dresses laced . your hand , and you pardoned me on seeing me so submissive and so repentant . ” again , ” replied	124.26309204101562
faria . . ” not equal , with your superior intelligence , infallible eye , your arm of iron and your enterprising mind ! ” of him , and among them this . he perfectly understood the old man ’ s vocabulary , and if he did not use it more often , it was only indifference and _ennui_ which prevented him from so doing . was probably a person who , like franz , preferred the enjoyment of solitude and his own thoughts to the frivolous <unk> of the guides . to me about the circumstance which has just happened ? ” persuade , and she was even less open to conviction than her younger rival . comminges he rejoined d ’ artagnan , who instantly put	149.21913146972656
himself at the head of his troop , followed by the cardinal , guitant and the rest of the escort . the hands of the usher on duty , who led him into the waiting room and passed on into the interior of the palace . , ” athos resumed , “ of porthos ; have you persuaded him to seek his fortune ? until this evening in the palais de justice . he said , “ that you are a widower , your wife ’ s connection can not injure you . ” felton , “ i do not fear him , nor will i spare him . ” ! ” said d ’ artagnan to himself , and darted into the passage . i was just	39.01375961303711
asking myself whether i had not wished harm towards those poor morcerfs , which would have justified the proverb of ‘ he who wishes misfortunes to happen to others <unk> them <unk> ’ well , on my word of honor , i answered , ‘ no ! ’ i wished no ill to morcerf ; he was a little proud , perhaps , for a man who like myself has risen from nothing ; but we all have our faults . just struck , and m. bertuccio , according to the command which had been given him , had two hours before left for auteuil , when a cab stopped at the door , and after depositing its occupant at the gate , immediately hurried away , as	162.54273986816406
if ashamed of its employment . require two years for me to communicate to you the stock of learning i possess . ” my officer , and i will tell you all . ” do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements , we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate . without waiting my visit at your house today , looks well , sir , ” said albert . ” , but sat , or rather threw himself down again upon his chair . if the misfortunes which have happened to <unk> entirely beyond your control , and which in no degree diminish my regard for you—i would	199.65269470214844
wish to know if they have not , in some measure , contributed to render you a stranger to the world in which your fortune and your name <unk> you to make a conspicuous figure ? ” several public <unk> , and brought the <unk> to merited punishment . end of his pickaxe , which entered <unk> between the interstices . efforts on the part of morrel to renew his credit or revive the old . doubt , the bankrupt was in the hands of roman banditti . that in the person of this priest is represented the whole people of paris and that it is dangerous to insult him at this moment , and if this priest wished it , in an hour you would be without	123.76665496826172
a crown ? do ! ” cried the young woman , in a manner so serious as to make d ’ artagnan start in spite of himself . , madame . opened , disclosed a gloomy sky , in which the moon strove vainly to struggle through a sea of clouds that covered her with billows of vapor which she illumined for an instant , only to sink into obscurity . till five franz and albert followed in the _fête_ , exchanging handfuls of <unk> with the other carriages and the pedestrians , who crowded amongst the horses ’ feet and the carriage wheels without a single accident , a single dispute , or a single fight . want nothing ; do not call him . ” sprang	145.0078125
into the vehicle , the door was closed , but not so rapidly that monte cristo failed to perceive the almost imperceptible movement which stirred the curtains of the apartment in which he had left madame de morcerf . you don ’ t know all yet . tell me what i should have to do in london , ” replied bonacieux , who remembered a little too late that rochefort had desired him to endeavor to obtain his wife ’ s secrets . no rest till we could find some trace in <unk> works of these extraordinary names which had so strongly awakened our curiosity . only crime is to have at the same time the good fortune and the misfortune to be your husband . ” possessed	73.88298797607422
by the demon of hate or cupidity , who has an enemy to destroy , or some near relation to dispose of , goes straight to the grocer ’ s or druggist ’ s , gives a false name , which leads more easily to his detection than his real one , and under the pretext that the rats prevent him from sleeping , purchases five or six <unk> of <unk> he is really a cunning fellow , he goes to five or six different druggists or grocers , and thereby becomes only five or six times more easily traced ; —then , when he has acquired his specific , he administers duly to his enemy , or near <unk> , a dose of arsenic which would make	243.37515258789062
a <unk> or <unk> burst , and which , without <unk> or reason , makes his victim utter groans which alarm the entire neighborhood . and yet the image of his father was so vivid to his mind that he addressed the closed window as though it had been open , and as if through the opening he had beheld the menacing old man . rose , and threw herself into her son ’ s arms . king , my son , and can never be so while they are alive . , ” said raoul , who was beginning his apprenticeship with that particular class of society , who , when there were robbers on the <unk> , were connected with them , and who , since	82.67623901367188
<unk> no longer exist , have advantageously and <unk> filled their vacant place . however , by the aspect of that countenance , full of astute intelligence and affected humility . letter , and read these words : charming journey the other day , when it <unk> bullets and produced a crop of steel traps ! ” the import of which was a unanimous opinion that there was something sinister about the room . is rich enough to drink a <unk> of port wine , even if obliged to pay a pistole for every <unk> ” his manner became more and more lofty every instant ; then he arose and after finishing off the beer at one draught he advanced majestically to the door of the compartment where	206.2451171875
the wine was . from my heart . fifty thousand francs to mazarin , begging him never to write to him again , and offered twenty thousand francs more , on condition that he would never speak to him . d ’ artagnan , “ no steel . it and go . was very interesting . ” ease , although he had learned nothing really satisfactory , and , for the first time since the <unk> at auteuil , he slept soundly . : apparitions ? ” asked athos of porthos . <unk> at that period , d ’ artagnan was at liberty to assist whom he pleased . . ” begin my story , your excellency ? ” asked bertuccio . all ? had then been left	57.62167739868164
entirely to madame danglars and lucien debray . to you is the life or death of a condemned wretch ? cloak sir , as it was men ’ s and not god ’ s doing . ” the door of the cabinet to the street gate , the whole hôtel was boiling . hung up at the corners of streets the evening before an execution , on which is <unk> up a paper containing the names of the condemned persons , their crimes , and mode of punishment . , during which he strove to collect his thoughts . matter ? perceived the cabaret at which he had left aramis , and putting his horse to the trot , he shortly pulled up at the door . he	93.4206771850586
wants <unk> . yet ? ” full project gutenberg license please read this before you distribute or use this work ” said aramis . ! ” said d ’ artagnan . , ” said la meilleraie , retreating a few steps . the point where , perhaps , he ought to have begun , and that was to knock at the door against which the stranger had leaned ; but this proved <unk> though he knocked ten or twelve times in succession , no one answered , and some of the neighbors , who put their noses out of their windows or were brought to their doors by the noise , had assured him that that house , all the openings of which were tightly closed , had	78.9516372680664
not been inhabited for six months . said caderousse , putting the diamond on his little finger ; “ i was mistaken ; but those thieves of jewellers imitate so well that it is no longer worthwhile to rob a jeweller ’ s <unk> is another branch of industry paralyzed . ” ? ” said the count ; “ 900,000 francs ? , natural circumstance and yet it created a profound sensation . the heart of d ’ artagnan , he was touched by this mute sorrow ; but he held too <unk> to his projects , above all to this one , to change the program which he had laid out in advance . ” said mordaunt , “ i have some questions and a favor to	88.90550994873047
ask you , sir . ” astonishment at this man whose eye now disclosed an intelligence and his body a vigor they had not thought him capable of showing . . albert , “ i think you did not understand that something very serious had passed between m. de monte cristo and myself . ” have in my <unk> a man who might be of the greatest use to you . ” ; be assured i shall save you ! a gun had been the young man ’ s greatest ambition . one side beneath a new and unexpected weight and grimaud uttered a shout of joy ; every one turned around and beheld athos , livid , his eyes dim and his hands trembling , supporting himself	84.011962890625
on the edge of the boat . finished his questions , for a moment later he said good-night and carelessly followed the same path taken by the first cavalier . chances ; i will give you the signal . ” have shaken him a little ; his voyage would upset him quite . ” to assure herself of the reality of what she saw , then , uttering a faint cry , threw herself back in her seat . respecting me , my occupations , my manner of <unk> will signify but little , that concerns god , you , and myself . ” it will never succeed now , for they attempted it <unk> , and napoleon was unable to complete his work . yes ; lost	115.36244201660156
beyond redemption ! “ i inquired if you are well fed ? ” said he . <unk> . the last and most tumultuous day of the carnival . ? ” said aramis , smiling ; “ it is possible . tone , and the comedy of yesterday turns to a tragedy this evening . ? ” asked milady , with surprise . appeared to do so , with the greatest calmness . i suppose you heard haydée ’ s guzla ; the poor exile frequently <unk> a weary hour in playing over to me the airs of her native land . ” retractation so far as to kill me if i do not make it , although i have repeated more than once , and affirmed on my	99.03971862792969
honor , that i was ignorant of the thing with which you charge me , and although i still declare that it is impossible for anyone but you to recognize the count of morcerf under the name of fernand ? ” so far ? ” letter , touched his hat with his hand , turned round upon his heel like a <unk> , and a moment afterward was heard , in his dry and monotonous tone , commanding “ four men and an escort , a carriage and a <unk> ” five minutes afterward the wheels of the carriage and the horses ’ shoes were heard <unk> on the pavement of the courtyard . go ! ” and carp eat greedily always , as everybody <unk> , they	75.96724700927734
feast on the vulture . related all our affair to the cardinal , which is not to be doubted , and if he has recognized me , as is probable , i may consider myself almost as a condemned man , ” said d ’ artagnan , shaking his head . number of men steadily approaching . inclination to play . ” to the count ’ s own thought rather than to what albert was saying , surprised everybody , and especially morrel , who looked at monte cristo with wonder . woman excused herself , the more important bonacieux thought the secret which she declined to confide to him . he said , “ may i inquire what are the orders with which your majesty deigns to	93.2209243774414
honor me ? ” whom d ’ artagnan had impressed the necessity of absolute silence and who did not even now begin to comprehend the scheme of his friend , which was to follow mazarin in his visit to athos , he was simply mute . , the worthy <unk> seemed much embarrassed , drew on one side into the corner of the landing-place , passed his quid from one cheek to the other , stared stupidly with his great eyes , and only acknowledged the squeeze of the hand which morrel as usual gave him by a slight pressure in return . from your holsters . ” madame . ” of battle on which i am an <unk> general than <unk> of a conference . still keeping	115.79811096191406
on the defensive , drew near to kitty ’ s door . the strange events which had crowded one on the other , an indefinable sentiment of dread had taken possession of valentine ’ s mind . . ” exclaimed he ; “ you have been asked politely , and every question is worth an answer . ” , threw a shade over the pallid brow of felton . and hoarse ; his face was furrowed with wrinkles ; his eyes burned under the <unk> lids , and he tottered like a drunken man . <unk> me , he transports me ; the day after tomorrow he <unk> me among the infamous . that , and i have told him a hundred times that he was wrong .	86.60652923583984
, by comparison , seem small , he made royalty great . hand , ” he said . his lackey to approach . , though , ” said porthos ; “ and the proof is that i paid twelve pistoles for it . ” ordered you to england and that monsieur d ’ artagnan is waiting for you in the stables . ” don ’ t speak like that of monsieur groslow . with m. morrel i hear , —you insinuating dog , you ! ” . ” you must give me your word to return immediately to your hotel , and make no attempt to follow this man tonight . ” ” ” asked mercédès . matter now , planchet ? ” demanded d ’ artagnan .	54.04108810424805
surname are the same . possess that talent , which your smiles prove to me you doubt , should i not still have that ardent love of independence , which will be a substitute for wealth , and which in my mind <unk> even the instinct of <unk> ? the circus , and the sports where they killed three hundred lions and a hundred men . a resigned victim ; it was impossible to imagine a more submissive or a more mild expression than that which prevailed on her beautiful countenance . given place to a concentrated grief which only rendered more <unk> the brilliant mental faculties of that extraordinary man . sir ? ” he said , respectfully . of the family , and at the same	135.19442749023438
time one of the cleverest men of the day , and very fond of valentine , whose birth he had witnessed . and opened it hastily . woman of <unk> . the greatest personages of rome , especially rich <unk> was the return the holy father looked for . instead of exciting the anguish experienced by the count in the dungeon , filled his heart with a soft and grateful sentiment , and tears fell from his eyes . d ’ artagnan to give him his instructions how to proceed on his journey . ” comte , ” answered the servant , “ i think not ; or at least he has not long been so , for he was pacing up and down for more than two	80.12262725830078
hours after he left the king , and the sound of his footsteps has only ceased during the last ten minutes . mother ? ” asked albert . kills , ” said beauchamp . aware of that , ” said madame de villefort ; “ but i have a passion for the occult sciences , which speak to the imagination like poetry , and are <unk> to figures , like an algebraic <unk> ; but go on , i beg of you ; what you say interests me to the greatest degree . ” albert , in a low tone to monte cristo , “ do allow the signora to tell me something of her history . a daughter . , it is your turn to get out	52.548370361328125
, ” said mme . musketeers showed to d ’ artagnan that his words began to make some impression on them . the coachman of the latter replacing d ’ artagnan on the <unk> of the royal coach . young man , “ where are you ? you dine at the table d ’ <unk> of the hôtel des princes , or the café de paris . darkness with sailors whom he did not know , and who had no reason to be devoted to him ; who knew that he had several thousand francs in his belt , and who had often examined his weapons , —which were very beautiful , —if not with envy , at least with curiosity . still <unk> bonapartist , and is	66.2873306274414
called noirtier ; i , on the contrary , am a staunch royalist , and style myself de villefort . ” said the italian . and i can see you as you then were ; i open them again , and i see what you are <unk> hundred times more beautiful ! ” ; of which we each of us ate a slice with a hearty appetite . ll answer for you , ” said the gascon , filling porthos ’ s glass to the brim ; “ but when you have drunk , give me your opinion . ” ? ” sir , he is innocent ! ” sobbed forth mercédès . than he is . young man , <unk> will see him ; and if anything	75.64708709716797
can be <unk> , we will make it our business . ” old man clinging to life with so desperate a courage , gave a fresh turn to his ideas , and inspired him with new courage . to me and yet quite firm in his determination to refuse . fresh and smiling goddess of gardeners , been honored with a <unk> or more scrupulous worship than that which was paid to her in this little enclosure . ? ” and quietly awaited the arrival of the notary . . the queen ’ s diamond . , and while a deep color overspread his cheeks , he stammered out : make his report , and to say that all the <unk> are at this moment in the dovecot	100.27379608154297
. ” . ” person who gave it to me . ” is . ” baroness that a man of such <unk> pleasing manners should entertain evil designs against her ; besides , the most corrupt minds only suspect evil when it would answer some interested <unk> injury is repugnant to every mind . and the duke was about to utter a cry of surprise . full light of the lamp which lit the yard : little recovered from his first surprise , had now leisure to study costumes and physiognomy . ” said d ’ artagnan , determined to continue on the <unk> tack on which he had commenced , “ the more i listen to you the more surprised i am at the easy and elegant	124.92153930664062
manner in which you speak french . , ” said athos , “ and if the king will do one of us the honor we shall be truly grateful to him . ” each note , as he examined it , to his colleague . . ” to be refused , the more so as the person for whom the yacht was intended had gone upon a tour through switzerland , and was not expected back in less than three weeks or a month , by which time the builder reckoned upon being able to complete another . in order not to disturb his habits , accustomed grimaud to obey him upon a simple gesture or upon a simple movement of his lips . ” and he stopped	100.4238052368164
his friends , directing the valets to go first , in order to test the plank leading from the pier to the boat . i possess will pass into your hands . reiterated the duke ; “ there was nothing wanting in my collection , except this gallows-bird . it appeared to d ’ artagnan that he had embraced a statue . have lieutenants in a felucca manned by a crew of four . ” do now ? ” asked the young man . , he fought purely and simply on the defensive ; and when he saw his adversary pretty well fatigued , with a vigorous side thrust sent his sword flying . pale lips of mercédès ; the old man sank into a chair . the	110.57048797607422
small fortune which we shall possess for the future ? exclaimed grimaud . them . ” athos , extending his hand to one of the grated windows by which the room was lighted ; “ you will soon know what to expect , for here he is . ” that the instrument of death would make if moved upon the block . had just paid you 45,000 francs for the diamond i had given you , and you killed him to get the diamond and the money both , was that also poverty ? ” give me this letter . ” of ‘ mad dog ! ’ you would take your <unk> would unhesitatingly shoot the poor beast , who , after all , was only guilty of	89.58216857910156
having been bitten by another dog . for the others . the same lofty tone , “ answer ! ” addressed ? ” ” replied porthos , “ i am falling asleep , which is strange , considering we have not had any fighting ; truly the parisians are idiots . ” ” said valentine , perceiving the effect which her words were producing on maximilian : “ i have done wrong , for i have given utterance to thoughts concerning that man which i did not even know existed in my heart . old friend of yours , then ? ” his hair , and curled his moustache , then , having satisfied himself as to his personal appearance , followed the count into the room ,	83.24520874023438
the latter having previously resumed his hat and gloves . to make arrangements for the duel , ” said beauchamp . ” said bertuccio . same feverish impatience of grief which made you start like a wounded lion ? , ” said a voice which the prisoner recognized as that of felton . that is , those of my father , but they are , as you see , joined to another shield , which has gules , a silver tower , which are my mother ’ s . whether i ever told you that when i was at college i was <unk> strong in greek . ” sign which called down persecution . , by which she did not profit . ” said porthos , “ if	99.07755279541016
he owed you more than five crowns , your horsedealer is a thief . ” yes , i know you are very indulgent toward the queen , too indulgent , perhaps ; we shall have occasion , i warn you , at some future period to speak of that . ” ” receiving an answer . am lost , ” said d ’ artagnan . he was rich ; the young man might easily guess that with so weak a man as m. bonacieux ; and interest was almost foreign to this commencement of love , which had been the consequence of it . gutenberg ebook twenty years after *** read this morning ; read it again , dantès , and then i will complete for you the	81.92796325683594
incomplete words and unconnected sense . ” will that be all ? ’ s lodge to the steps . bazin , striking a flint , and setting <unk> a twisted wax-light , with which he started the church candles . , rascal ? ” asked comminges . been the sword and he was delighted whenever he could draw it from the scabbard , no matter for whom or against whom . . ” said villefort , arresting maximilian by the arm , “ if my father , the inflexible man , makes this request , it is because he knows , be assured , that valentine will be terribly revenged . ” thought he , “ and not one true friend . ” for the queen and madame	118.8935775756836
the president . d ’ artagnan , availing himself of the darkness in the archway under which they were passing , threw himself into the arms of the prisoner . i command you ! ” affection ; and certainly his handsome features , lit up as they then were with more than usual fire and animation , seemed formed to excite the innocent admiration with which she gazed on her graceful and intelligent lover . ” said he ; “ you are not unlucky in being charged with such commissions , particularly if my lord has authorized you to look into her bed . ” least in the world ; only i fancied that the honest <unk> was an exception to the rule , and that it only	90.54879760742188
announced telegraphic despatches . ” these men ; but there is another over me . ” on at your ease , gentlemen , ” said morcerf , somewhat piqued . cæsar , an <unk> declares itself immediately , while a <unk> or a bite occasions a delay of a day or <unk> ’ cæsar gave way before such <unk> reasoning , and the cardinals were consequently invited to dinner . which <unk> me , ” replied monte cristo ; “ but as i determined to have a house to myself , i sent on my valet de chambre , and he ought by this time to have bought the house and furnished it . ” will sound particularly charming . ” monsieur , you will remember that man	108.41128540039062
who has just gone out , will you not ? ” morning ? ” athos asked , uneasily . carefully concealed it , and then went away , closing as well as he could the entrance to the secret passage by the large stone as he descended . notwithstanding their wet clothes , the icy blast that blew and the previous scene of terror , these hardy adventurers , with their iron frames , inured to every <unk> , threw themselves down , intending to profit by the advice of athos , who sat at the helm , pensively wakeful , guiding the little bark the way it was to go , his eyes fixed on the heavens , as if he sought to verify not only the	128.2700653076172
road to france , but the <unk> aspect of protecting providence . or <unk> . dilate and throb ; he opened his arms , and haydée , uttering a cry , sprang into them . you , my lord ! ” said he . ” said he , “ and let me answer . owner of the winning horse ? ” you if i am murdered ? mean to make a fronde , as they call it , ” said guitant . be a demon ! ” said porthos , holding out his plate to aramis , who was cutting up a fowl . he , “ yes , anne of austria is my true queen . and dared not stay any longer at nîmes , so he	54.04905319213867
solicited a change of residence , and , as he was in reality very influential , he was <unk> to versailles . fere , formerly styled athos ; monsieur du vallon , whom we used to call porthos ; the chevalier d ’ herblay , now the abbé d ’ herblay , whom we styled <unk> ” caderousse , “ we shall see. ” he then took the greatcoat with the large collar , which the groom had left behind in the tilbury , and put it on his back ; then he took off cavalcanti ’ s hat , which he placed upon his own head , and finally he assumed the careless attitude of a servant whose master drives himself . . to have been here	80.88282775878906
, ” said debray ; “ i wonder what will be talked about tonight ; this funeral is the news of the day . of <unk> land and valleys ; he is lord of the hill and the plain and is now carrying on a suit for his feudal rights against the bishop of noyon ! ” the cardinal ; a woman who will draw you into a snare in which you will leave your head . ” do not think it is his right one . ” ; what is the use of going to-day to learn something else ? ” ” the pension ? ” nanette . his usual coolness , reseated himself before the remains of the breakfast . possible to rouse that as well	83.2530288696289
as provence ? ” the planks , he exclaimed : archway of trees with her companion . <unk> . , ” said the count , “ and i give you my solemn assurance that i only waited an opportunity like the present to realize plans that i have long meditated . ” ; but , as you have said , two that are a match for twenty , ” said athos . two <unk> will and my money . friend , let us approach the window and there you can match your strength against that of an iron bar . ” the sailors , who rose as soon as they perceived him ; and the patron , <unk> him , said : is telling you , countess ;	66.76290130615234
so far from the sensation excited in the parisian circles by the appearance of the count of monte cristo having abated , i take upon myself to declare that it is as strong as ever . a thrust at my adversary , whom i had already hit three times , and whom i meant to finish with the fourth , i put my foot on a stone , slipped , and strained my knee . ” and obeyed with childlike reverence . other papers out till the drawer was empty . <unk> of persia , travelling _incog_ . ” ! ” cried the latter , like a man who has the nightmare and talks in his sleep , “ monsieur d ’ artagnan ! ” gascons are too	92.06073760986328
much alike and know each other too well ever to trust what any one of them may say of himself ; so in reaching the walls which surrounded the palais royal , the cardinal knocked at a little door , and after thanking d ’ artagnan and requesting him to wait in the court of the palais royal , he made a sign to guitant to follow him . very well known in botany , but till the present time very rare among horses . ” ? ” <unk> flask , monsieur mousqueton ? i found that the floor gave a hollow sound near the head of the bed , and at the hearth . ” glass of this <unk> served wine , and found it to be	78.08031463623047
nothing but that horrible <unk> terror of all expert <unk> . yours , then ? ” bonacieux , with a <unk> air , “ she is too superficial a woman . ” aramis found himself opposed to two adversaries . is not only swimming but burning . ” viscount ; i believe he has not a <unk> in his possession . ” planchet , “ to treat me as a prince . but he will read a petition countersigned and presented by me . ” marvelously well . ” porthos , “ four hundred pistoles ; but who is to make four hundred pistoles ? ” stop an ox ? ” to allow him to part thus ; she made him a sign to dismount and come to	75.61946105957031
her . fight against you , i think i should allow myself to be pierced through and through , for i never loved any one but you in the wide world ; ” and honest porthos burst into tears as he embraced athos . much as you generally do after you have had the dose which i am accustomed to give you every sunday ? ” , ” said athos , “ i never speak without reflection . ” , athos . ” as you know , but before he died he recompensed the services of fernand by leaving him a considerable sum , with which he returned to france , when he was <unk> lieutenant-general . ” uttered a sigh . . ” with surprise . .	86.04141235351562
his sword and cross of honor . <unk> from fasting on the jours <unk> , on account of my health ; then i have engaged as my cook the cook who lived with <unk> know the man i mean ? —the friend of the cardinal , and the famous <unk> whose grace after dinner used to be , ‘ good lord , do me the favor to cause me to <unk> what i have eaten . ’ ” . before she should be forced to resume this conversation , so difficult to be sustained in the same exalted tone , she let her hands fall ; and as if the weakness of the woman overpowered the enthusiasm of the inspired fanatic , she said : “ but no	131.36688232421875
, it is not for me to be the judith to deliver <unk> from this <unk> . your friend , morcerf , your present manner of speaking would almost lead me to forget that i ever bore that title . the chamber , and crouching against the door , he found the poor girl , all in a tremble . , ” he replied , “ of the old man of the mountain , who attempted to assassinate philippe <unk> ? ” ? ” ran round the table , with the exception of the elder dantès , whose laugh displayed the still perfect beauty of his large white teeth . these necessary papers . ” wall sentinels went and came with a frightened air . into the midst	100.047607421875
of this tumult and disorder that our young man advanced with a beating heart , ranging his long rapier up his lanky leg , and keeping one hand on the edge of his cap , with that half-smile of the embarrassed provincial who wishes to put on a good face . ” replied aramis , “ your opinion will be very valuable . bertuccio planted an entirely bare court with <unk> , large spreading sycamores to shade the different parts of the house , and in the <unk> , instead of the usual paving-stones , half hidden by the grass , there extended a lawn but that morning laid down , and upon which the water was yet glistening . few minutes , he stopped at a leaf	155.09500122070312
which had several notes , and compared them with the deed of sale , which lay on the table , and recalling his <unk> in their pleasures , as i thought of them in my troubles . of la consigne . ” said porthos , “ i will see to the supper . ” of that woman ? ” holding your horses , ready saddled . ” mordaunt , with eyes on fire with a look of hate impossible to paint , “ i can only offer thee one victim , but it shall at any rate be the one thou wouldst thyself have chosen ! ” education had been so little neglected , even with respect to <unk> studies , so rare at this time among gentlemen	137.67919921875
, that he smiled at the <unk> of latin which aramis sported and which porthos pretended to understand . very <unk> man , he insists that nobody shall know he has received this wound except the duchess , whom he endeavored to interest by an account of his adventure . ” . ” somewhat surprised to meet altogether at the door of the hermitage , athos starting out from the pont neuf , porthos by the rue de la <unk> , d ’ artagnan by the rue des <unk> saint germain l ’ auxerrois , and aramis by the rue de <unk> . if i am ready . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ this is something like ; this is a means of communication . ruin	67.17032623291016
us all ! ” ” cried buckingham , “ you have killed me ! ” to walk in those woods . ? alternately ; and the cardinal saw at once that he had recovered by a single blow all the ground he had lost . year came the expedition of <unk> . . milady would recognize in him the man of meung and of dover . ” returned d ’ artagnan , “ but first put a napkin against the window and draw the curtains . ” my orders ; excuse me . ” said the count . the king , who began to be shaken , “ was it so managed ? ” <unk> him , in the hope of finding his wound not mortal , a	64.23075866699219
large purse dropped from his clothes . not so dangerously wounded as you think , ” said raoul . ” said the countess , reflecting . in <unk> , ” said the count . . ” . ” edmond esteemed most faithful and devoted to him . ” ” cried maximilian , quite unable to restrain his feelings . , uncle ? ’ ( he called me by this name when he was in good humor ) ; ‘ do you think i am going to change the life i lead for your mode of <unk> agreeable indolence for the hard and precarious toil you impose on yourself , exposed to the bitter <unk> at night , and the scorching heat by day , compelled to conceal yourself	111.47134399414062
, and when you are perceived , receive a volley of bullets , all to earn a paltry sum ? . ” selected the most <unk> cabbage , for instance . <unk> , and dantès was able to break it <unk> small morsels , it is true , but at the end of half an hour he had scraped off a handful ; a <unk> might have calculated that in two years , supposing that the rock was not encountered , a passage twenty feet long and two feet broad , might be formed . cannon so near that it was evident they were within a league of the field of battle , and at a turn of the road they perceived the little village of aunay .	124.39684295654297
the corridors through force of habit ; he threw aside his magisterial robe , not out of deference to etiquette , but because it was an unbearable burden , a veritable garb of nessus , <unk> in torture . speak , if you please , respectfully of these gentlemen , ” said mazarin ; “ don ’ t you know that i was in my youth a poet ? literary archive foundation storm , of indignation burst from all parts of the assembly . must <unk> ” said maximilian ; “ but don ’ t attach any serious importance , dear , to what your father said . otherwise , my dear bonacieux ? ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ trust me , i am fully grateful	95.45716857910156
for such <unk> conduct , and if , as i told you , i can be of any service to you— ” of a horse struck his ear , coming through darkness and space . sir , are at my disposal and i choose to dispose of them as i like . ” s name ? ” dear friend ; and i may even say the sight of you increases my dismay . ” <unk> , mountains , <unk> who have forty thousand francs a <unk> ? ” this remark , which was , however , so rude that madame danglars blushed . to date contact information can be found at the foundation ’ s website and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact in champagne , ’ i answered .	97.06564331054688
and ascertained that the enemy was advancing by way of <unk> and bethune . ” cried milady , with an incredible tone of truthfulness , “ you are not his accomplice ; you do not know that he <unk> me to a disgrace which all the punishments of the world can not equal in horror ? ” of the lamp which burned in the cabin of the <unk> to read the billet of mme . 25 to come downstairs . ” at liberty as you suppose ; on the contrary , i have a most important engagement . ” travelling have a sort of claim on one ; they everywhere expect to receive the same attention which you once paid them by chance , as though the civilities	92.5513687133789
of a passing hour were likely to awaken any lasting interest in favor of the man in whose society you may happen to be thrown in the course of your journey . said caderousse , ‘ we are not rich enough to lose 5,000 francs . ’ this little property when i quitted the army , as i told you . forgotten nothing ! me that my <unk> also his majesty ’ s guards ; and whoever serves in a french corps serves the king . ” as a gascon , was inclined to sobriety , seemed not so sure as his friend of the truth of athos ’ s maxim , but he did his best to keep up with his host . sir , ” he	87.34208679199219
asked , “ that forget that this is not the manner to enter a house stricken with death ? ! though i am . ” danglars sold , the spanish funds fell directly . ” and feeling in his pocket , he took thence a small pocket-book , which contained ten bank-notes , each of 1,000 francs . much the loss of the money that vexes me , ” said villefort , “ though , after all , 900,000 francs are worth regretting ; but i am the more annoyed with this fate , chance , or whatever you please to call the power which has destroyed my hopes and my fortune , and may blast the prospects of my child also , as it is all occasioned	129.02133178710938
by an old man <unk> into second childhood . ” . strength to listen to the reading of the letter ; then , when it was ended , as if he had met with a bitter disappointment , he asked , “ have you nothing else to say to me by the living voice , laporte ? ” ” said the young man , “ am a <unk> least , my masters used to tell me so ; but it is strange that my voice never would suit any other , and a <unk> less than any . ” are not now going to be married , you intend still—— ” ” said blaisois , “ that port is a very good wine . ” arranging a little	54.525081634521484
surprise for you . ” ? ” , fell from the clouds , i suppose ? ” , i think , be conducted by the respective fathers of the young people . ” young man behaved himself well ? , ate from several dishes , drank a little spanish wine , and felt all her resolution return . dressed and was reading a new book by m. <unk> . was born at auteuil on the night of the 27th of september , 1817 , and that i am the son of the procureur , m. de villefort . . his entrance at court , receiving ample reparation for the <unk> he had suffered , and all the honor due to his rank . ” said the president ,	74.42511749267578
“ you have been invited to join this <unk> were not forced here ; it was proposed to you to come <unk> accepted . in their graves , rise no more . ” reply ? ” he came with the prince ; a charming young man ; he is one of your friends then , monsieur le comte ? ” expression of careless gayety it had worn like a mask the whole day . said the cardinal , placing his hand upon a bundle of papers , “ i have here a whole pile which concerns you . ” replied d ’ artagnan . boards , sweep the floor , go out at the door , and run as i told you . ” coming into lilliers .	74.7946548461914
” committed the strangest <unk> have just arrested edmond dantès , mate of my vessel . ” seen the enemy extend itself between myself and scotland ; and i can almost say that with my own ears i have heard the <unk> of the treaty <unk> . ” are displeased at the silence i have preserved on the subject . very soon , ” said the doctor , looking at the corpse before him ; “ but that ought not to astonish you ; monsieur and madame de saint-méran died as soon . , gentlemen , ” continued the cardinal , without appearing to be in the least <unk> from his first intention by the diversion which athos had started , “ it does not signify , gentlemen	72.56166076660156
. around him . was proper to follow this example . ” said villefort , placing the letter in his pocketbook , “ i must have another ! ” not , however , fail in his duty , ” said athos . visitors ashamed of theirs , and i don ’ t like to humiliate people . ” reason ! me ! ” cried out winter . superbly attired , and attended by a train of <unk> domestics . death of poor felton ; i pardon you for the attempts upon my own person . affair , monsieur , ” cried planchet ; “ i have finished mine . ” we were saying . , that it was here he received that famous bullet wound ? ” porthos	73.96928405761719
, “ you can ’ t think that , d ’ artagnan ! ” excellency pays that little annuity . ” ; have it your own way . ” every one followed her . too ; but a letter which madame bonacieux has received from madame the constable , and which she has had the imprudence to show me , leads me to believe that these four men , on the contrary , are on the road hither to take her away . ” they had left it . into all the cabarets in which there was a light , but could not find planchet in any of them . i felt my legs fail me ; i sought for a reply , but could find <unk> was	81.62517547607422
silent . vault , which was quickly occupied by members of his family . ” said monte cristo ; “ it is only half-past ten o ’ clock , come in . ” chevalier , ” returned lord winter . common with many other prisoners , was bent upon doing things that were prohibited ; and the only resource the governor had was , one day when the duke was playing at tennis , to efface all these drawings , consisting chiefly of <unk> . i have lighted the match ? ” nothing to porthos of his wound or of his procurator ’ s wife . , ” said the count . wars ? ” now become meagre ; once pale , he was now yellow ; his	94.67440032958984
deep-set eyes were hollow , and the gold spectacles <unk> his eyes seemed to be an <unk> portion of his face . said she , as she took the pen , “ is it not <unk> ? the head . aramis , “ i am extremely careful of my appearance . smile ? ” trust nobody . ” and terror into an armchair . , but a gush of blood stifled him . swearing , which at that period was a very <unk> habit . on dantès ’ brow . to that , ” said the lieutenant , “ and i shall make for the <unk> as soon as possible . ” cromwell , “ but the lord did not suffer that sacrifice to be accomplished . ”	56.015586853027344
have , and you shall judge for yourself ; but first listen to the history of this paper . ” should return , and renée , far from pleading for dantès , hated the man whose crime separated her from her lover . crowd and were addressed this time to the king as well as the minister . upon to treat that , and no other . you especially , ” replied the doctor abruptly . and wiped the cold drops from his brow ; there was something awful in hearing the son read aloud in trembling pallor these details of his father ’ s death , which had hitherto been a mystery . , and strove to sleep ; but my head <unk> and i got up	105.34707641601562
to have a ride for an hour . shook the room ; two or three bottles fell and were broken . you spoke of ? ” asked d ’ avrigny . a man of your standing should be embarrassed anywhere ? ” said monte cristo . party came in sight of la réserve , m. morrel descended and came forth to meet it , followed by the soldiers and sailors there assembled , to whom he had repeated the promise already given , that dantès should be the successor to the late captain leclere . , then ? ” did not awaken her , and monte cristo gazed at her with affectionate regret . father , that if now i should ask for a company the queen would	103.76284790039062
give it to me ? ” ” replied morrel gayly , “ i will not dispute it . ” cardinal when he undertook this siege were extensive . i did . ” be very <unk> , but i certainly should have no difficulty in explaining my wants and wishes ; and that would be quite as much as i should ever require . ” s hand , and drew near the count . of the corridor and said : to speak in that room . , no ! —i may be found here , therefore help me back to my room while i have the strength to drag myself along . right over bertuccio ? ” little air of incredulity . he has a great influence over his	71.64676666259766
<unk> ? ” your cabin . announced the closing of the port . , you are not safe fifty yards from the gates . ” will not say two conquerors , for with perseverance i subdue even them , —they are time and distance . tell you all this with tears of heartfelt anguish , can you reply that i am wrong , can you prevent my putting an end to my miserable existence ? arms ? ” me this morning of your heart , i may <unk> ” also , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but he seemed to me cold . ” turned in the lock , and before the departing steps of the jailer had died away in the long corridor he had	110.16914367675781
to traverse , dantès , whose restless anxiety concerning his friend left him no desire to touch the food brought him , hurried back to the abbé ’ s chamber , and raising the stone by pressing his head against it , was soon beside the sick man ’ s couch . continued superiority of athos over himself , devoid as he was of that jealousy which might have saddened a less generous disposition ; he was delighted also that the high qualities of athos appeared to promise favorably for his mission . ” angry if i read you a lesson ? ” subject . ” not know what is seventeen months in prison ! <unk> ages rather , especially to a man who , like me ,	166.78298950195312
had arrived at the summit of his <unk> a man , who , like me , was on the point of marrying a woman he adored , who saw an honorable career opened before him , and who loses all in an <unk> sees his prospects destroyed , and is ignorant of the fate of his affianced wife , and whether his aged father be still living ! to the capitals of their kingdoms . , he invited her to descend by offering her his hand . right , edmond . an immense treasure . have you been ill during my absence ? ” feeling of timidity he experienced and approaching the prince : and those of england , though taking now <unk> directions , are very nearly	166.57229614257812
the same . replied albert ; “ that is all i wished to know . ” sail , and the vessel was once more cleaving the waves . replied eugénie with an almost masculine voice . prosperity , not a festivity took place without himself and wife being among the spectators . de winter , ” said felton , tired of these eternal complaints . his arms , embraced him , shook him , called him , but the child made no response . then , ” said monte cristo , “ i am not particular about these five notes , pay me in a different form ; i wished , from curiosity , to take these , that i might be able to say that without any	84.27995300292969
advice or preparation the house of danglars had paid me five millions without a minute ’ s delay ; it would have been remarkable . to pay for his rosemary , this oil , and the wine , the only expense the master had incurred , as he had preserved a strict <unk> on the contrary , the yellow horse , by the account of the hostler at least , had eaten three times as much as a horse of his size could reasonably be supposed to have <unk> ’ artagnan found nothing in his pocket but his little old velvet purse with the eleven crowns it contained ; for as to the letter addressed to m. de tréville , it had disappeared . are cold , planchet	139.46022033691406
, you can go into one of those cabarets that you see yonder , and be in waiting for me at the door by six o ’ clock in the morning . ” . word , the count saw in the next room a veiled woman , who had followed closely after baptistin , and now , seeing the count with a pistol in his hand and swords on the table , rushed in . conveyed her to a hôtel in the place royale , ” said the wounded man . street ? on which she had just been playing ; it was elegantly fashioned , and worthy of its mistress . 44 . mercédès , shaking her head , “ a woman becomes a bad manager ,	60.095523834228516
and who shall say she will remain an honest woman , when she loves another man better than her husband ? must happen : either matters will not be arranged , or they will be arranged , in which last case i shall be relieved of my command and we shall still meet again . ” and imprinted a kiss on it ; but she herself felt that it was a kiss of no greater warmth than he would have bestowed on the hand of some marble statue of a saint . how the sight of him struck you , ” replied lord de winter . . , ” said the gentleman ; “ i have traveled sixty leagues in forty hours , and by tomorrow at midday	110.41590118408203
i must be in london . ” . ” wretch ! ” cried aramis , throwing his <unk> in his face . my doublet , like yourself . ” , as much wit as all those put together who were assembled at the court to laugh at him . you do not say so to tranquillize my fears ? _ said villefort , “ he is a noble fellow . no fixed <unk> on it , but i said also that it served sometimes as a harbor for smugglers . ” take place at seven o ’ clock ; there was therefore three-quarters of an hour to wait . and one there. ” andrea sketched two windows in the room , which formed an angle on the plan	85.16849517822266
, and appeared as a small square added to the rectangle of the bedroom . the good of the people . ” of my marriage , <unk> they not ? ” the cardinal , and m. de tréville was informed that the king was busy and could not receive him at that moment . traces which had escaped me in the darkness . , regulate your conduct accordingly ; and if you entertain , whether from your family , your relations , or even from your instincts , any of these <unk> which we see constantly breaking out against the cardinal , bid me adieu and let us separate . a fat <unk> , mutton leg dressed with garlic , and four bottles of old burgundy . ”	93.19825744628906
rosy ; and although her <unk> , like that of all princes of the house of austria , <unk> slightly beyond the other , it was <unk> lovely in its smile , but as profoundly disdainful in its contempt . my thanks for the client you have sent me . sign of silence , and opened a second door concealed by tapestry . i restore to you the riches and name of your father . ” big <unk> , ” replied the spoiled <unk> , as he gave , in spite of his mother ’ s commands , live flies to the <unk> , which seemed keenly to relish such fare . i please , felton , let me act as i please , ” said milady ,	108.92707061767578
elated . herself , —at least i hope so , —for her attention has not been diverted from her projects by watching over me . your kindness , viscount , ” returned the count of monte cristo “ but i suppose that m. bertuccio has suitably employed the four hours and a half i have given him , and that i shall find a carriage of some sort ready at the door . ” hand of the massive time-piece , representing <unk> asleep , pointed to nine on its golden face , and the hammer , the faithful type of mechanical thought , struck nine times , the name of the count of monte cristo resounded in its turn , and as if by an electric shock all	125.60269165039062
the assembly turned towards the door . my horse ? ” , made up of a thunder of cries , and a hail of sweetmeats , flowers , eggs , <unk> , and <unk> . and can make up our accounts . ” your story , penelon . ” we offer them double that we shall not procure a carriage . ” profound attention ; he had expected this declaration for the last two or three days , and when at last it came his eyes glistened as much as they had lowered on listening to morcerf . who has an office , agents , spies , and fifteen hundred thousand francs for secret service money , to know what is going on at sixty leagues from the	89.8674087524414
coast of france ! at blois would be dangerous to his youthful mind . barriere des <unk> to the place of notre dame , and friquet found in it very real enjoyment ; but when at last the regiment separated , penetrated the heart of the city and placed itself at the extremity of the rue saint <unk> , near the rue cocatrix , in which broussel lived , then friquet remembered that he had not had breakfast ; and after thinking in which direction he had better turn his steps in order to accomplish this important act of the day , he reflected deeply and decided that councillor broussel should bear the cost of this repast . had been to return to paris , but he remembered	135.48593139648438
the anxiety which his prolonged absence might occasion raoul , and reflecting that there were now only two miles between the vicomte and himself and a quarter of an hour ’ s riding would unite them , and that the going , returning and explanation would not occupy an hour , he put spurs to his horse and a few minutes after had reached the only inn of mazingarbe . in the name of the god before whom he must perhaps appear , to speak the truth . should scarcely have gone to rueil without great caution . , and ordered him to saddle _le blanc_ then he awoke his son , a child of seven years , whom he ordered to ride before the gentleman and bring	171.60585021972656
back the horse . were followed or not he set off ; his regiment , which bore the name of the regiment of corinth , from the name of his archbishopric , darted after him and began the fight . the gascon , “ don ’ t threaten ! so good as to lend me your cane . ” ? ? ” said athos . , then , who informed you of this fête ? ” cry of france , ‘ <unk> and st. denis ! ’ the war cry of england is too often in the mouths of traitors . ” us , they laughed in order to insult us ; if they did not believe it they insulted us all the more . mazarin , but	77.4876937866211
the queen , and say to her , ‘ madame , restore to us your two servants and our two friends . ’ ” . ” words , “ it is not the queen with whom the people are displeased , ” had pricked up his ears , thinking that the coadjutor was about to speak of the cries , “ down with mazarin , ” and pleased with gondy ’ s suppression of this fact , he said with his sweetest voice and his most gracious expression : into the past do your recollections extend ? ” athos , “ executioner , do your duty . ” horses he would dispute the price . ” not slept , ” said villefort , showing his undisturbed bed ;	83.42024993896484
“ grief does not <unk> me . their turn , leading their masters ’ steeds . ambitious , and to attain this ambition villefort would sacrifice everything , even his father . ” ” , ” said groslow , “ they can ’ t be gone far , and we will sink them , passing over them . ” genius of both of us . here a fortnight , and pays for what he <unk> , i shall soon <unk> my business . ” ! might be suspected that he must know too much to avow ; by confessing all he might prove his good will . then you tempted god a third time . d ’ artagnan to resume this little dialogue ; but then all the	116.07230377197266
ideas of vengeance which he had brought with him had completely vanished . she turned round to debray , without answering her husband . said the count , “ have you nothing to do in this land ? ” ? ” cried athos , astonished . monte cristo with his imperturbable tranquillity . nothing to a sculptor like vampa ; he examined the broken stock , calculated what change it would require to <unk> the gun to his shoulder , and made a fresh stock , so beautifully carved that it would have fetched fifteen or twenty piastres , had he chosen to sell it . stifle her , she smiled upon her . crime in my house ; for when crime enters a dwelling , it is	101.24407196044922
like <unk> does not come <unk> ’ listen . in the mind of the young man , and heaved a deep sigh . corpse , which he placed in his own bed with its face to the wall ; then he entered the empty dungeon , closed the entrance , and slipped into the sack which had contained the dead body . the <unk> , which he had found time to <unk> from the antechamber and button over his ball costume , and going to <unk> he knocked loudly at the door of the only inn in the place . dance the young girl had glanced at luigi , and each time she saw that he was pale and that his features were agitated , once even the	80.84114837646484
blade of his knife , half drawn from its sheath , had dazzled her eyes with its sinister glare . at st. <unk> spot where such as were condemned at the bastille were <unk> was near fainting and crossed himself twice . ” said d ’ artagnan , lowering his voice , “ and you will pardon me , i hope , for having disturbed you when you know the importance of my business . ” ” rule over society there , and who constitute what in france we call the government , are really <unk> and <unk> , who not only pardon a poisoner , but even make him a prime minister , if his crime has been an ingenious one , and who , under such	118.39176940917969
circumstances , have the whole story written in letters of gold , to divert their hours of idleness and _ennui_ . ” , ” he said , “ i should go where he goes , and should assuredly find him again . was nearly trampling , ran away . athos , “ here ’ s another good servant . this plan to you on the day you received my first invitation ; but you did not come . on with frightful speed . ” exclaimed d ’ artagnan , impelled by one of those irresistible impulses which showed the nobility of his nature , the native brightness of his character ; “ i swear that i would give the last drop of my blood and the last fragment	82.73089599609375
of my limbs to preserve the friendship of such a friend as you , <unk> such a man as you , <unk> ” and he threw himself into the arms of athos . white plume at the battle of <unk> . porthos , with great wisdom , “ that was impossible , for they would have killed the captain and the sailors . ” in proportion as he did so , d ’ artagnan saw that he became pale . she has great and terrible projects . lost . ” the study and had disappeared before he had recovered from the painful and profound reverie into which his thwarted vengeance had plunged him . that gentleman against whom you had the audacity , about twelve days ago ,	79.46586608886719
to make an accusation of passing false money ? ” like a letter to the minister that they might explain to you—— ” “ shut up ! ” from the audience . , as may be imagined , were to our four friends . <unk> according to d ’ artagnan ’ s portrait of him , the stranger must be a <unk> be incapable of the baseness of stealing a letter . m. de villefort spoke of it to me—a paralysis , i think . ” into mine ; i will not say without trouble , for if i did i should tell a lie . ” , ” said peppino , placing his hand on the banker ’ s shoulder ; “ people pay here before they	79.90614318847656
eat . do you wish me to speak freely to you ? ” continued d ’ artagnan , with his frank expression . ” remarked mazarin . man towards him , and pressed him for some time to his heart . which , it will be remembered , the abbé had made to edmond , the misfortune would have been still greater , for their attempt to escape would have been detected , and they would undoubtedly have been separated . m. de tréville had good reason to mistrust the cardinal and to think that all was not over , for scarcely had the captain of the musketeers closed the door after him , than his eminence said to the king , “ now that we are at	62.07587432861328
length by ourselves , we will , if your majesty pleases , converse seriously . . ’ the closet , monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ” asked the cardinal . of d ’ artagnan ’ s worldly <unk> , be it well understood , from his desire of finding mme . her grandmother in bed ; the fever had not abated , on the contrary her eyes glistened and she appeared to be suffering from violent nervous <unk> . ’ artagnan and porthos conducted athos and aramis was the one assigned to them by general cromwell and of which they had taken possession on the previous evening . on which the axe was laid , he stopped , and turning with a smile , said : <unk> ,	74.42330932617188
you know . ” the bedroom door , monte cristo expected that he was coming in , and raised one of his pistols ; but he simply heard the sound of the bolts sliding in their copper rings . lucky as to find what everybody is seeking for ? ” other person ? ” asked milady , warmly . , the whole coalition would be on foot before he could even reach piombino ; if he land in tuscany , he will be in an <unk> territory ; if he land in france , it must be with a handful of men , and the result of that is easily foretold , execrated as he is by the population . , my dear ? ” asked milady .	93.80903625488281
monsieur , unless something new should happen . ” sarcastically and his smile began to make the gascon anxious . uttered the words for which you blame me ; that is why i have filled this whole assembly with horror . murmured the voice , which could now only be heard in inarticulate sounds . he said . and excellent young man . ” as an officer , and he looked very well in that costume , which , as we have already said , he wore elegantly ; only he was very pale and trembled slightly . english <unk> who <unk> a large fortune in travelling . , the count instinctively shrunk to the extreme end of the boat , and the owner was obliged to call	101.44945526123047
out , in his sweetest tone of voice : <unk> “ if mademoiselle danglars were disposed to take pity on my supposed martyrdom on her account , and would dispense with all matrimonial formalities between our two families , i am ready to agree to the arrangement . monte cristo , “ which is precisely the reason which renders your kindness more meritorious , —it is in the country . ” by the authorities that a celebrated coiner of bad money would arrive at my inn , with several of his companions , all disguised as guards or musketeers . ! ” murmured athos , thinking of d ’ artagnan and porthos . that . ” to the abbé ; i shall hold him responsible for his <unk>	148.94288635253906
’ s_ <unk> , and i shall soon know all about this assassination . but blow out his brains if he proves false , ” said the gascon ; “ and you , athos , you know something of everything and can be our captain . standing motionless before the awful sight which d ’ artagnan , in raising the shutters , had disclosed to them through the narrow opening of the window . , and did not leave the door open ; but the partition was so thin that one could hear nearly all that passed between the two women . franz , finding that the count was coming to the point he wished . exclaimed dantès , “ what is the matter ? , grandfather ,	69.74085235595703
” said the young girl . the count to albert , “ i do not ask you to accompany me to my house , as i can only show you a habitation fitted up in a hurry , and i have , as you know , a reputation to keep up as regards not being taken by surprise . , with clear blue eyes , rather deeply set ; his mouth , fine and well cut , remained motionless in its correct lines ; his chin , strongly marked , denoted that strength of will which in the ordinary <unk> type denotes mostly nothing but obstinacy ; a brow a little receding , as is proper for poets , enthusiasts , and soldiers , was scarcely shaded by	159.7784423828125
short thin hair which , like the beard which covered the lower part of his face , was of a beautiful deep chestnut color . on because it pleases me to stop here . ” baron , ” answered m. de boville ; “ the charities present themselves to you through me ; the <unk> and orphans <unk> me to receive alms to the amount of five millions from you . ” i had an idea of marrying his daughter , ” said debray . but i doubt whether he can see you at this moment . ” poor fellows ! ” said the abbé . man ? ” look at a sideboard on which was a superb ewer of silver . . ” ! strange names struck	87.40924835205078
us ; and it immediately occurred to us that they were but pseudonyms , under which d ’ artagnan had disguised names perhaps illustrious , or else that the bearers of these borrowed names had themselves chosen them on the day in which , from caprice , discontent , or want of fortune , they had donned the simple musketeer ’ s uniform . him who administers it , but from god . ” replied raoul . planchet , “ like the famous ass of <unk> . ” cried olivain , <unk> at this accusation . but when i do obtain it—— ” fire , ‘ my supper , ’ said he ; ‘ my expedition has given me an appetite . ’ , 1998 [ ebook #	171.76507568359375
1257 ] most recently updated : june 28 , <unk> language : english madame , yes , i did feel fear ; and though i have been through twelve pitched battles and i can not count how many charges and <unk> , i own for the third time in my life i was afraid . listen . ” ; then he understood , and putting his hand into a drawer , he took from it a quantity of notes on a bank in lyons . ” not my secret . ” , with one hand placed on his shoulder . s commentaries , ” which la ramee had lent him , contrary to the orders of the governor ; and la ramee resolved never again to disobey these	156.53541564941406
injunctions . my father ? ” stammered he ; “ why do you mingle a recollection of him with the affairs of today ? ” her eye passed quickly from the servant and rested on the master . , young man , struggle ardently and <unk> ; live , yourself , your mother and sister , with the most rigid economy , so that from day to day the property of those whom i leave in your hands may augment and <unk> . my watch for 100 francs , and the guard and seals for <unk> . expect to see you before tomorrow . ” the morning . i should have left you without seeing you again , but that would have been a virtue beyond my strength	93.27659606933594
, because i am a weak and vain man , fond of the tender , kind , and thankful glances of my fellow-creatures . three years older than you are , raoul , when i saw him set to work , <unk> against tried men . ” see , neighbor caderousse ; and ready to be agreeable to you in any and every way , ” replied dantès , but <unk> his coldness under this cloak of civility . st. gervais , athos , and the napkin which was converted into a <unk> ? ” and he then related to raoul the story of the bastion , and raoul fancied he was listening to one of those deeds of arms belonging to days of <unk> , so gloriously	148.1913299560547
recounted by tasso and ariosto . to you from the island of elba . ” maximilian , raising the glass cover , and respectfully kissing the silken purse , “ this has touched the hand of a man who saved my father from suicide , us from ruin , and our name from shame and disgrace , —a man by whose <unk> benevolence we poor children , doomed to want and wretchedness , can at present hear everyone <unk> our happy lot . you recompense but badly this poor young man , who has come so far , and with so much ardor , to give your majesty useful information . he , “ you have <unk> ” go out too late , nobody will see us ,	159.6942138671875
” said porthos , “ and that will be a pity . he being the only person in the whole assemblage , except the king , the queen , and the duke of orleans , who slept <unk> . dear aramis , ” said d ’ artagnan , who detested verses almost as much as he did latin , “ add to the merit of the difficulty that of the <unk> , and you are sure that your poem will at least have two merits . ” of this . ascended the front steps , and addressing a footman who waited there in a grand livery , asked if the duchess de chevreuse was visible and if she could receive the comte de la fere ? going to	59.54418182373047
rue de vaugirard and rue de la harpe , did not go to find linen drapers . ” those emotions so fresh and pure , the fine , noble face of athos betrayed indescribable pleasure ; he inhaled the tones of that young voice , as harmonious music . , sir , ” was monte cristo ’ s reply , “ man is but an ugly <unk> for him who studies him through a <unk> <unk> ; but you said , i think , that i had nothing else to do . ” said he , “ i have swum above an hour , but as the wind is against me , that has <unk> my speed ; however , if i am not mistaken , i must	84.84098815917969
be close to tiboulen . in theology i should recollect what it was he used to dispute about with the curate of montdidier and the superior of the jesuits , when we were at crevecoeur ; i should know what <unk> he <unk> to and i should <unk> from that what saint he has adopted as his patron . ” said he , “ these gentlemen only say this out of affection for me , but at bottom they all like you . ” a number of idlers round the door of signor pastrini ’ s ; the descendants of marius and the gracchi were also not wanting . <unk> if napoleon had remained on the throne , but his action was rewarded by the bourbons . the	135.0470733642578
command of d ’ artagnan till the year 1633 , at which period , after a journey he made to touraine , he also quit the service , under the pretext of having inherited a small property in <unk> . four hours ’ march i stop to write to you , for i miss you every moment , and i am always on the point of turning my head as if to reply when you speak to me . the citizen , “ well , monsieur , my wife was abducted yesterday morning , as she was coming out of her <unk> . ” , to know what this letter addressed to tréville <unk> ” and the stranger , muttering to himself , directed his steps toward the	83.39590454101562
kitchen . . the officer made no reply ; but drawing from his belt a little silver whistle , such as <unk> use in ships of war , he whistled three times , with three different <unk> . fade away ; franz took out his <unk> was half-past four . seem , my dear count , that you can at pleasure enjoy the <unk> strains that proceed from the seven <unk> of paradise ? ” us conducted into the orangery by monsieur bernouin , his valet-de-chambre , and from there we followed him to visit the comte de la fere . year 1838 , two young men belonging to the first society of paris , the viscount albert de morcerf and the baron franz d ’ épinay ,	126.1997299194336
were at florence . in <unk> . ” of mousqueton , who was big enough to thrash four men of ordinary size . that there is a secret of luxury and pain in death , as well as in life ; the only thing is to understand it . ” with him he seemed to be in his <unk> condition ; but to his <unk> athos and <unk> apparent a certain <unk> in his gayety . have <unk> ” said he . cause of honor . ” ” returned the young man , smiling ; “ on the contrary , i have one , but i expected the count would be tempted by one of the brilliant proposals made him , yet as he has not replied to	59.12798309326172
any of them , i will venture to offer him a suite of apartments in a charming hotel , in the <unk> style , that my sister has inhabited for a year , in the rue meslay . ” ” conversing cheerfully with morrel , but he was well prepared for what might happen . d ’ artagnan , “ i did not see that ; it was the sword of the comte de wardes which made that hole , when he gave me a good thrust in the breast . ” , yet he fearlessly condemns . solemn in the approach of the young girl which struck the old man , and immediately his bright eye began to interrogate . raoul , “ the poor man will	67.11512756347656
get his priest , but , by heaven , the penitent appears to me to have a better conscience than the confessor . . be over ? in , monsieur porthos ! ” and manifest to me , and i reproached myself with what had happened , as though i myself had done the guilty deed . no hurry . monsieur . comminges . friend . pale , was purple with heat and passion . , according to the customary method , arranged the papers on the table , taken his place in an armchair , and raised his spectacles , turned towards franz : , this is the secret of my conduct towards you . said gondy , “ you seem to be a clever and a	87.07876586914062
thoughtful man ; are you disposed to take a part in a little civil war , should we have one , and put at the command of the leader , should we find one , your personal influence and the influence you have acquired over your comrades ? ” talks seriously about the matter , puts on a white tie , and speaks of his family . flush on the countenance of caderousse , who turned away , and the priest saw him wiping the tears from his eyes with the corner of the red handkerchief twisted round his head . wishing to learn whither he has betaken himself , i should shun the possibility of meeting him as i would a wild beast . , villefort turned	126.49398040771484
to dantès . ’ exclaimed caderousse . repent ? ” madame de chevreuse , with a slight sigh and a little movement of her eyebrows that was peculiarly her own , “ since that time everything has changed . ” door to him herself . ourselves the poniards and the rope , ” replied the duke . my not being conversant with the slang of the bank , which is here <unk> in my ears from morning to night ; that noise of jingling crowns , which are constantly being counted and <unk> , is odious to me . ” said de comminges ; “ sleep well ! ” the excellent abbé adelmonte , of whom i spoke just now , made in this way some marvellous experiments	108.93896484375
. ” inspector . in haste to celebrate a victory , porthos , ” interposed d ’ artagnan ; “ never have we incurred a greater danger than we are now encountering . s the dream ? ” said the swiss . o ’ clock under the pretense of being indisposed . athos , d ’ artagnan stood on the threshold . my way about the city with my eyes shut . ” , ” said athos , while the two musketeers who had remained behind advanced hat in hand . being surprised in such a paroxysm of grief . employed in the prison , and i give him so much a year to let me know what is going on within his holiness ’ s castle .	67.03437042236328
” in the evening the island was distinct , and everything on it was plainly perceptible , owing to that clearness of the atmosphere peculiar to the light which the rays of the sun cast at its setting . conclusion , sire , ” said the minister of police , “ that death was not the result of suicide , as we first believed , but of assassination . and curious glance round this <unk> ; it was the first time he had ever seen mademoiselle d ’ armilly , of whom he had heard much . you telling me ? ” , mordieu ! , if , as i hope , my vessel arrives safely ; for its arrival will again procure me the credit which the	90.77957153320312
numerous accidents , of which i have been the victim , have deprived me ; but if the _pharaon_ should be lost , and this last resource be <unk> ” impulse , it was neither to her mother nor her brother that she applied , but to emmanuel . who follow others in spite of them ? ” in the morning he arose and called planchet , who at the second summons opened the door , his countenance not yet quite freed from the anxiety of the preceding night . left ! ’ ” murmured he . fair unknown had resolved , doubtless , to carry the intrigue no farther ; for although the young men made several more turns , they did not again see the calash	119.0195541381836
, which had turned up one of the neighboring streets . corner , saw them vanish from the first until the last but one . ? ” replied danglars ; “ gone , as every prudent man ought to be , to look after his own affairs , most likely . the president of the club presented himself ; the general was ready , the president informed him that one of the conditions of his introduction was that he should be eternally ignorant of the place of meeting , and that he would allow his eyes to be bandaged , swearing that he would not endeavor to take off the bandage . d ’ artagnan , “ day is declining . eugénie expected , and even advanced some	89.3487319946289
steps to recognize the person who was going out , but seeing a young man striking his boot impatiently with his <unk> , he opened it immediately . could not draw <unk> signed ; but scarcely had she done so when pride burst forth and she began to weep . , bleeding , and almost senseless . doublet twelve diamond studs ; get as near to him as you can , and cut off two . him ? ” sent where we are to go for it ? ” eyes had the appearance of being ready to start from their sockets ; his head fell back , and the lower extremities of the body began to <unk> . that had been allowed for his journey as a reward	107.0875244140625
for the majestic and solemn manner in which he had maintained his assumed character of father . ? ” ” fowl a dish of <unk> beans made its <unk> enormous dish in which some bones of mutton that at first sight one might have believed to have some meat on them pretended to show themselves . at nine o ’ clock . ” was the most simple thing in the world . had not touched the <unk> ground , was of irreproachable odor . which beauchamp had so generously destroyed , appeared again like an armed phantom ; and another paper , deriving its information from some malicious source , had published two days after albert ’ s departure for normandy the few lines which had rendered the	201.8979034423828
unfortunate young man almost crazy . ’ avrigny with astonishment , kissed her grandfather on the forehead , and left the room . gutenberg ebook the count of monte cristo , illustrated *** at morrel , as if to say , “ perhaps i may . ” the same evening , but nothing transpired of what had been decided on . follow the road to the camp protected by his esquire and the two musketeers , and return to athos . , since it has stood five years of prison , with monsieur de chavigny to boot , ’ tis excellent ! said d ’ artagnan , “ monsieur de vallon is like me , he prefers service <unk> is to say , enterprises that are considered mad	82.26497650146484
and impossible . ” should set out the next day , at eight o ’ clock in the morning , in order , as he had said , that he might during the night learn the letter by heart . , the king ’ s musketeers , or rather m. de tréville ’ s , spread themselves about in the cabarets , in the public walks , and the public sports , shouting , twisting their mustaches , clanking their swords , and taking great pleasure in annoying the guards of the cardinal whenever they could fall in with them ; then drawing in the open streets , as if it were the best of all possible sports ; sometimes killed , but sure in that case to	92.70384216308594
be both wept and avenged ; often killing others , but then certain of not <unk> in prison , m. de tréville being there to claim them . what is there difficult to understand about that ? ” monsieur ; but suppose i should happen to be brought in contact , even four times a year , with such intelligence and <unk> , i should be a ruined man ! ” yet pronounce him guilty . ” force . signal , the carriages moved on , flowing on towards the corso , down all the streets , like torrents <unk> up for a while , which again flow into the parent river ; and the immense stream again continued its course between its two granite banks . hour	165.3533477783203
, he heard a faint noise , which increased . ” said la ramee , leaning back in his armchair and raising his glass of <unk> to his lips , and winking his eye that he might see the sun through the rich liquid that he was about to taste . web pages for current donation methods and addresses . s simple enough ! ” replied athos . from my hand , and alarm the house with his cries . athos , haughtily , “ we are gentlemen , and to save our heads we would not be guilty of a falsehood . ” had noticed from the first for the same reason they had themselves been remarked by others , was walking in a <unk> way up	80.88695526123047
and down the jetty . time on a hard bed , so he won ’ t object to a soft one ; take every care of him , i beg of you. ” charles bowed and retired . of the question here ; d ’ artagnan had fallen into an ambush . said the marshal , “ what am i to do ? ” , _pardieu ! _ it is not difficult to divine that , after all you have told me . my adoration , ” said aramis , in his turn pressing his hand . . resumed porthos . to war with a nation . honor , monseigneur , ” replied the latter , his eyes dazzled by the brilliant style in which d ’ artagnan	64.32353973388672
traveled . , the more she thinks of them ; and often , when they least expect it , they have proof of a kind remembrance . ” the heat of the day unconscious on the battle-field , the cool freshness of the night brought him to himself . with whom the people are displeased ; they ask for broussel and are only too happy , if you release him to them , to live under your government . ” the marechal , “ i have left three men on the pont neuf , four at the <unk> , six at the corner of the rue de l ’ arbre-sec and two at the door of your <unk> in all . lost ! ” italian nobility ; the	80.20454406738281
cavalcanti are all descended from princes . ” the count . along the faubourg saint-honoré , and in the rear of one of the most imposing mansions in this rich neighborhood , where the various houses <unk> with each other for elegance of design and magnificence of construction , extended a large garden , where the <unk> chestnut-trees raised their heads high above the walls in a solid rampart , and with the coming of every spring scattered a shower of delicate pink and white blossoms into the large stone vases that stood upon the two square <unk> of a curiously wrought iron gate , that dated from the time of louis xiii . helm , felt to see if the vessel answered the rudder promptly and seeing	221.54129028320312
that , without being a first-rate sailor , she yet was tolerably obedient . abbess , and tell her that someone will come and fetch me , either today or tomorrow , and that i am to follow the person who presents himself in your name . ” all paris . ” ” by her night dress of fine india linen , to implore her pardon ; but she , with a strong movement , tried to escape . ” repeated he within himself ; and he felt as if he were also dying . who sought distraction , while traveling as fast as <unk> he was anxious to be in paris by the <unk> from time to time to fly the magpie , a pastime for which	98.9531478881836
the taste had been formerly inspired in him by de luynes , and for which he had always preserved a great <unk> . infant in the arms of old ocean , and on the bosom of the beautiful amphitrite ; i have sported with the green mantle of the one and the azure robe of the other ; i love the sea as a mistress , and pine if i do not often see her . ” , ” said mazarin , giving a last look at it ; “ nevertheless , i give it to you with great pleasure . ” have paid my ransom ? ” a bottle at a draught and bit great mouthfuls of the bread and meat . sometimes laughs boisterously , at	100.0675048828125
other time he passes hours on the <unk> , <unk> stones in the water and when the flint makes ‘ <unk> ’ five or six times , he appears as delighted as if he had gained another marengo or austerlitz . dulaurier , ” said the queen ; “ and what is your business ? ” back . you will not be able to fulfill your commission , ” said d ’ artagnan . the coadjutor of the room in which the mendicant was suffering . ” resumed maximilian , “ i can only say again that you are right . the street . ” happened . ” , turn to the right , jump into your saddles , all will be right ; don ’ t be	48.44300842285156
uneasy at anything except mistaking the signal . insufficient , and from time to time the line was broken through by the people and was formed again with difficulty . particularly in paris ? ” he saw me enter the ball-room to find you . ” do tell me , viscount , whether you really are acquainted with it or no ? ” you are really a man of most superior understanding , ” said d ’ artagnan , with a look as if he spoke against his conviction . those military adventurers who sold their blood to whoever would buy , and grew old in stratagems and spoils . along the only street of this little village , and enter with us one of the houses ,	133.971923828125
which is <unk> to the beautiful <unk> color peculiar to the <unk> of the country , and within <unk> with <unk> , like a spanish <unk> . where i live , ” said kitty , “ provided i am well concealed , and nobody knows where i am . ” free himself by a violent push from the encircling arms of his mother , and to rush forward to the casket from whence the count had taken the phial of elixir ; then , without asking permission of anyone , he proceeded , in all the wilfulness of a spoiled child unaccustomed to restrain either <unk> or caprices , to pull the <unk> out of all the bottles . man , rely upon one who has been thirty	105.93609619140625
years at court . fly ! ” continued morrel ; “ recall the scene , for the words you thought were only given to silence and solitude fell into my ears . lord de winter , already prejudiced against me , and told him that his sister-in-law was a <unk> , a branded woman . person , m. de morcerf ? ” inquired eugénie ; “ does anybody know ? ” franz . the felucca turned , two other heads peeping , those of aramis and grimaud . for three , six , or nine years by the new tenant , who , according to the rule of the proprietor , paid six months in advance . sixth and seventh left ribs , as your countrymen do ,	117.5264663696289
you must have struck higher or lower , and life is very tenacious in these lawyers , or rather there is no truth in anything you have told me—it was a fright of the imagination , a dream of your fancy . people had never declared their affection ; they had grown together like two trees whose roots are mingled , whose branches <unk> , and whose intermingled perfume rises to the heavens . mazarin again . pretty well , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ and besides , you see , if they put us on trial , if they cut off our heads , they must meanwhile either keep us here or transfer us elsewhere . ” ” messieurs porthos and aramis . ” result	172.5397491455078
had surpassed his utmost expectations . believed to be extinct but which was only asleep , awoke again in his heart . ascertain the strength and number of his enemies . inquired the young man , much alarmed . by <unk> michon ? ” said the swiss , who was chatting with the four friends when the letter came . of the malady to which the prisoner had succumbed , and declared that he was dead . ascertain whether these fifty or sixty pistoles are worth the risk of four heads . ” , and we may reach the palazzo by two o ’ clock . said to himself , “ let me try if he will be more <unk> than the other ; ” and he tapped	70.45426940917969
gently at the door . was speaking of a religious community ? two or three thousand crowns a year in this amusement ? , yet serves occasionally as a refuge for the smugglers and pirates who come from corsica , sardinia , and africa , and if it becomes known that we have been there , we shall have to perform quarantine for six days on our return to leghorn . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . brain , so loaded with dreadful secrets ? your thousand francs ? ” mazarin . , ” said the captain . albert , whose brow reddened ; “ you think m. danglars—— ” . ” one end of the train to the spigot , in order that he might	90.72063446044922
have nothing to do but to set it on fire at the opposite end with the match . bunch of violets to his button-hole . raised myself up on one hand . literary archive foundation ? ” not having thus employed the hours he had passed in vain hopes , prayer , and despondency . cristo ? ” nothing , ” said athos , appearing to look about him , that he might hide his emotion . she wanted . d ’ artagnan laid his hand on the shoulder of their leader . rather denounce your stepmother ? ” fine , benedetto <unk> , but i know what i am saying . andrea still more than his ideas ; ideas were but the <unk> , the plan was	79.79438781738281
reality . , ” said d ’ artagnan . few the trial was to continue ; the king then , was condemned in advance . more numerous , succeeded one another , day and night , in the little house of the bridge of la pierre , in which the cardinal had established his residence . is not of your own suggestion , is it ? ” said monte cristo . ! ” and he hates him ; we are consequently not friends . ” tell her that her grandfather was suffering , and that there was much on his mind which he was wishing to communicate to her . , sir , ” said louvieres ; “ and we shall see then who can speak the loudest	66.63594055175781
. ” be shown into the room wherein he was to sleep , without in the least concerning himself as to where his wife and daughter were to repose . . nine o ’ clock , at the moment he had made up his mind to go to bed , he heard steps in his corridor . , but , as no one came , i determined to find one for myself . anxiety of these two friends would be impossible . drunk for my part a hundred and fifty bottles . ” from his pocket , and presented it to d ’ artagnan . in god ? ” said caderousse . to be following tracks , so observant were they wherever they went . to his side	62.22170639038086
some twenty of his musketeers , and pointing to the bench where his enemies were : “ fire on that bench ! ” he cried . and if you will wait only a few minutes for me , as soon as i have concluded my business with that friend , as it is growing late , i will come back and <unk> you to the louvre . ” , and in a peculiar manner . , ” said the guardsman , astonished that his name had not produced more effect upon the young man . count , and examine this rock . ” ” added château-renaud . , and he must therefore , <unk> , be remarkable . ” carriage i shuddered ; soon i heard steps on	67.08601379394531
the staircase , which terrified me as much as the footsteps of the commander did don juan . isaac , and isaac was his son . ” ship had entered the harbor at le havre , that this ship brought news that a payment we had looked upon as lost was going to be made . <unk> remember , the sixteen hundred francs he earned at the siege of la rochelle by carrying a letter to lord de <unk> has set up a little shop in the rue des lombards and is now a confectioner . ” for the headsman of the nearest town , but at least a day would be gained , and a day might be sufficient for the rescue . but la ramee was	115.66841888427734
an old stager , acquainted with all the traps a prisoner was likely to set . right , ” said the jailer ; “ all right , since you will have it so . temptation for two wretches like you . one as would be made by the <unk> of a ball . ” and charming young man , ” said mme . ones . ” he to morcerf , “ but i think your father will not be the only angry one ; m. and madame danglars will think me a very <unk> person . said d ’ artagnan , endeavoring to resume his course , “ excuse me , but i am in a hurry . ” austria . would annoy me less than to be	55.082942962646484
<unk> ” baptistin bowed . mind ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . , ” replied mazarin , “ the third bed is intended for your highness . ” had stuck to the wound , and he had lost only a few drops of blood . of time , but those who have begun by crying out : down with mazarin ! the barber ’ s who had achieved his first <unk> was to enter a shop and buy a complete sailor ’ s <unk> garb , as we all know , very simple , and consisting of white trousers , a striped shirt , and a cap . my aunt , consequently my cousin ; you come from noyon , in picardy ; you have several <unk>	104.7965087890625
and no attorney . <unk> ? ” mystery . ! ” he uttered , and reflected for a moment ; “ shall i ring ? ” she said . advantage of waking the porter ? ” visit to madame de vendome , left his name at madame de chevreuse ’ s and wrote the following letter to d ’ artagnan : is brave , he can not be a coward ; he must then have had some reason for acting as he did this morning , and confess that his conduct is more heroic than otherwise . ” ” said aramis . let a bit of straw out of his hands under a louis the truss , and they intrusted to him straw to the amount of four	72.0906982421875
hundred and thirty louis . madame la <unk> <unk> arrived . glass touched her lips , her hand remained suspended ; she heard something on the road which sounded like the rattling of a distant gallop . , was rochefort , whom he believed to be in the bastile . ” it is a providence that we have not been discovered . ” said athos , “ allow me to tell you that everybody is tired of war . madame de saint-méran ’ s room . of this privileged apartment consisted of old <unk> , filled with chinese porcelain and japanese vases , lucca della <unk> <unk> , and <unk> <unk> ; of old armchairs , in which perhaps had sat henry iv . in their hands ,	92.6387939453125
but , warned in time , i withdrew it a month ago . ” , a marchioness , or a countess , it would be quite a different thing ; it would be unpardonable . ” and ignominy ? the husband of a young and lovely girl ? ” the count ; “ only , as you see , the carnival has commenced . ” , then , and cause maximilian ’ s death ? ” have lived during the last four nights , valentine , ” said the count . , count , ” said julie , “ will you permit us to express to you all that the other day—— ” , and i should be very <unk> with those who detained him from me after	49.898277282714844
a three months ’ voyage . ” new , and his boots are brilliant . of joining this monsieur mordaunt we were to go and join our friends ? ” said porthos , with a gesture fierce enough to have frightened an army . dantès , with some hesitation , “ do you know how my father is ? ” step , and one that showed some courage , ” remarked the englishman . he , showing it . in these three words that everybody , except the king , shuddered . quarter of an hour he shall be with you . ” will then become useless to you ? ” will this ball take place ? ” asked anne of austria . s receipt in a little	64.93898010253906
pocket-book , he added : — “ yes , come at twelve o ’ clock ; i shall then be far away . ” ” can not imagine how my mind is harassed . anne , “ ’ tis reasonable , since you only ask from a queen the sixth of what the parliament has proposed ; ” and she signed an order for a hundred thousand francs . vexed m. morrel , good , worthy man , ” said caderousse . , ” said the inspector with an air of fatigue . ; villefort started with joy . <unk> ? ” must be off . check by one whom he had considered a boy , he became warm and began to make mistakes . vaugirard , the	62.813446044921875
other rue de la harpe . ” not , like you , for instance , settle on any fixed plan . ” spite of your silence . ? he had not uttered a word , so that it was not known to what country he belonged . what you have just said , ” said beauchamp , laughing . the culprit ’ s name ; my father thirsts for revenge as much as you do , yet even he <unk> you as i do to keep this secret . ! d ’ artagnan , “ who will attend you in your campaigns ? ” going to versailles , and i was not deceived . dignity of his countenance <unk> mordaunt . clock this morning she had not returned	55.587093353271484
. ” your affairs excepting for your good ; treat me in the same way . to show the cardinal my haste to obey his commands . ” with rage . . a good theologian , ” said bazin , almost weeping ; “ he might have become a bishop , and perhaps a cardinal . ” of rank who had grave reasons for <unk> the fallen king , and who , learning that the king was about to flee and escape him , threw himself in the way , with a mask on his face and an axe in his hand , not as substitute for the executioner , but as an ambassador of fate . ” . ” the queen , “ if such be your	71.11823272705078
advice and you have his interest at heart , send him help of men and money , for i can do nothing for him ; i have sold even to my last diamond to aid him . in a lonely road between a huguenot and a catholic , with both of whom he had before had business , and who both knew him again ; so they united against him and hanged him on a tree . lead the second . he could recognize amid this strange disorder , fragments of garments , and some bloody spots <unk> the cloth and the curtains . and certain manner of traveling , by sending relays of horses to chantilly , so that he might be in paris in five or	175.74473571777344
six hours . the wounded man to die under the hands of such a friar ! ” large rough cape , which concealed his form and partly his face . for that clever personage who lives at tours . ” a chair as though struck by a thunderbolt and in vain attempted a reply . liberal , he negotiated a loan of six millions for charles x. , in 1829 , who made him a baron and chevalier of the legion of honor ; so that he wears the ribbon , not , as you would think , in his <unk> , but at his button-hole . ” pronouncing these latter words , accompanied them with one of those ghastly smiles that used to strike terror into poor	160.0957794189453
franz d ’ épinay . are you telling us ? ” said château-renaud . now . ” was announced ; a cry of surprise ran through the royal assemblage . ” the future , he knew the <unk> a more dangerous thing . ” m. scarron ’ s house ; he named to guiche the people whom he had seen there . , who had just left m. de <unk> intend sending him away tomorrow , for he eats so enormously , to make up for the fast imposed upon him by his terror in that house . friend ? nature against this divine substance , —in nature which is not made for joy and clings to pain . sailor whose name you have assumed , ” he	129.240966796875
said , by way of changing the conversation , “ you pass your life in travelling ? ” these concealed or public , secret or open wars , there were robbers , mendicants , huguenots , wolves , and scoundrels , who made war upon everybody . wholly inaccessible to any gentler method of correction . master did not return and hearing the stroke of midnight , had made an examination of the orangery . down the declivity of the faubourg , but on arriving at the bottom were surprised to find that the streets of paris had become rivers , and the open places <unk> ; after the great rains which fell in january the seine had overflowed its banks and the river inundated half the capital	218.5828399658203
. without drum or trumpet . whom she lavished her <unk> been previously acquainted with her , so sudden an alteration might well have excited suspicion in his mind , or at least have greatly astonished him . reason i refused to go back to brussels . the same , ” said he . hundred thousand livres . ” board already , ” and he looked back again . not look so astonished , or you will make me think you are laughing at me in return for my good nature . ” shall be in your possession , inform me . , and this evening two of them will be gone . ” the three friends , turned his steps that way . belong to the fronde	91.65177154541016
, do you not ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ do you not recognize his highness the prince ’ s carriage ? ” the effect which might naturally be expected on mercédès ; she pressed her son ’ s hand and sobbed aloud , but her tears relieved her . of so many questions ? , wife , ” said the former , “ this splendid diamond might all be ours , if we chose ! ” sound , m. morrel , take my word for it ; and i advise you not to take 25,000 francs for the profits of the voyage . ” of my coachman , my carriage , and my servants . ” love . ” make up for the sword	49.04125213623047
. ” and am no melancholy hero . on the weak , sir . ” milady , seeing the stranger lay his hand on his sword , “ the least delay may ruin everything . ” himself ready to reveal all . then , is of opinion that she gave them to buckingham ? ” . . ” with pistols , gentlemen ? m. de tréville a long history about the queen . a man of no name , who will only be the tool of a party in france . i could in any way assist you , i most eagerly seized the opportunity of offering my services . ” , ” said the gentleman , drawing the paper from his pocket ; “ here it is	72.37796020507812
. ” recall his remembrances . ” replied henrietta , “ the queen will not say yes when the cardinal says no . intercepted by french telegrams to the <unk> authorities ? ” , lighted by two candles , the condemned monarch gazed sadly on the luxury of his past greatness , just as at the last hour one sees the images of life more mildly brilliant than of <unk> . simple enough , madame ; it inspires me with the idea that m. danglars has left suspiciously . ” , but it was only to place himself in a situation where he could watch every movement of morrel , who at length arose , <unk> the dust from his knees , and turned towards paris , without	129.82948303222656
once looking back . will have yellow draperies . ” worthy gentleman , for , with the exception of yourself , monsieur d ’ artagnan , there ’ s not a man in france that i esteem and love so much as him—— ” wrote the denunciation with his left hand , that his writing might not be recognized , and fernand who put it in the post . ” athos , “ that we can not even recognize one another and have therefore no fear of others recognizing us , let us go and see the king ’ s entrance . ” grow late , and then , as today , people went to bed early in the quarter of the luxembourg . matter ? ” cried	78.40980529785156
mordaunt , who , coming up out of the hatchway , rushed to the stern , waving his torch . opened and a footman announced mademoiselle paulet . door of the cardinal ’ s study , d ’ artagnan was about to be announced when rochefort <unk> him on his shoulder . purchase a dog from one of his keepers . muttering , “ a good deal of ceremony to-night about crushing an <unk> ” athos shrunk into his corner , pale and motionless as a <unk> . city by the porta del popolo , skirt the outer wall , and re-enter by the porta san giovanni ; thus they would behold the colosseum without finding their impressions dulled by first looking on the capitol , the <unk>	133.837890625
, the arch of <unk> <unk> , the temple of <unk> and <unk> , and the via <unk> . , monsieur cardinal ? ” asked the king in a severe tone . ; a title and promotion attach you to the government we wish to overturn . my card , take it to your master . ” i owe her portrait . ” are coarse , like every nation that <unk> beer . ” and <unk> which you see , but my shots have turned them into <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> . ” dantès was delirious ; and placing the food on the <unk> table , he withdrew . planchet joyously , “ i see well that it is the	75.24854278564453
same comte de la fere whom we seek . something serious . ” , joining his hands , and shaking his head in a manner that would have excited the count ’ s laughter , had not thoughts of a superior interest occupied him , and rendered him attentive to the least revelation of this timorous conscience . to speak to his mother , danglars to converse with young cavalcanti ; monte cristo was for an instant alone . struck deeply in his heart . how the relationship between aramis and a seamstress who called the queen her sister amused the young men ; but aramis , after having blushed two or three times up to the whites of his eyes at the gross pleasantry of porthos ,	107.09175872802734
begged his friends not to revert to the subject again , declaring that if a single word more was said to him about it , he would never again implore his <unk> to interfere in such affairs . and the youth hastily removed the fowl . , consequently i know nothing of your dinner . ” perhaps , ” said the comte de salvieux , one of m. de saint-méran ’ s oldest friends , and chamberlain to the comte d ’ artois , “ that the holy alliance purpose removing him from thence ? ” no ! the pure parliament , ” resumed the host , “ i mean the one which colonel bridge has <unk> . ” tréville , “ as i told you , monsieur	97.78790283203125
d ’ artagnan is little more than a boy ; and as he has not the honor of being a musketeer , he was dressed as a citizen . , a private individual , to <unk> a queen from her kingdom . shining in the beams of the morning sun ; on the shore the sailors were sitting , chatting and laughing ; and at ten yards from them the boat was at anchor , undulating gracefully on the water . of compromising you . ” into the world , frequently experienced an imperious desire for solitude ; and what solitude is more complete , or more poetical , than that of a ship floating in isolation on the sea during the obscurity of the night , in	101.24764251708984
the silence of immensity , and under the eye of heaven ? let him fix the <unk> his conditions ; in short , let us either understand each other , or quarrel . written under your censure , my faith , i renounce the task . ” to the past , and it is , indeed , bad enough . ’ artagnan series nothing of it . ” in the world to resemble you in worth and goodness ! the life of the four young friends was joyous enough . with a frightful calmness . perceived that the countess was really alarmed . ” of knowing what the owner was , without the owner knowing who he was ; and however the old sailor and his crew tried	95.07382202148438
to “ pump ” him , they extracted nothing more from him ; he gave accurate descriptions of naples and malta , which he knew as well as marseilles , and held stoutly to his first story . ” but wishing to make the best use of the time that was left , albert started for naples . , ” said the new comer . cried grimaud , whose face was covered with sweat at the bare idea of the evil results such a revelation might cause ; “ unhappy man , you named no one , i hope ? ” , ” said the old man , “ there is no wine . ” the governor of the port , ” said the shipmaster , “ and	87.76089477539062
give me the preference . ” _arabian nights_ ? ” enemies against whom you owe me all your support , for i made them by serving your eminence . ” ” said debray , “ you did fight some time ago ; about what ? ” ! ” stronger , and more inexorable barrier was interposed to cut off the realization of their hopes . kind of thing there ’ s no need to go over the ground a second time . ” monsieur , ” she said with a rattling noise which seemed to tear her throat . ” answered the soldier , in a strong provincial accent . steps behind me , when suddenly i saw something rise up in front of me like a huge	100.62786865234375
shadow . , which was simply , as he had said , one he carried in his cane , was five inches shorter than the general ’ s , and had no guard . , she decided on leaving paris with a nun of her acquaintance ; they are gone to seek a very strict convent in italy or spain . ” bowed and left the room , giving orders that valentine should be summoned to her grandfather ’ s presence , and feeling sure that she would have much to do to restore calmness to the <unk> spirit of the invalid . such as that , ” said danglars , “ i shall be well pleased , ” putting the draft in his pocket . danglars ;	80.07827758789062
“ whether she kill herself or not , what matter , provided dantès is not captain ? ” ” replied the baron . been a man , you would not have let him go from here . ’ and wore the uniform of musketeers . ” me to know whether i also suit you ? ” said , as if to drive away thoughts that pursued her in spite of herself , “ how is poor voiture , do you know , scarron ? ” being come , the two guards arrived , took their places , and the dishes were arranged on the table . house where he <unk> is suspected . ” the “ lions ’ den ” were watching the operations of the prisoner ’	77.87640380859375
s toilet with considerable interest . affectionately to me , benedetto , my old friend , that is not <unk> care , or i may become troublesome . ” de villefort is dead ! d ’ artagnan , with the most <unk> air he could assume , “ can you be cruel enough to put such a question to <unk> me , who , from the moment i saw you , have only breathed and sighed through you and for you ? ” appears . reply , stopped not , and all that was heard was the noise of swords drawn from the scabbards and the cocking of the pistols with which the two phantoms were armed . the miserable prejudice of respect and fear of kings ;	75.52810668945312
teach your flocks that the queen is a tyrant ; and repeat often and loudly , so that all may know it , that the misfortunes of france are caused by mazarin , her lover and her <unk> ; begin this work to-day , this instant even , and in three days i shall expect the result . . ” all . ” reason i have given orders to pass the island , for , as you see , the fire is behind us . ” i to do with that ? ” will be , ” said athos : “ we shall get into some pretty quarrel or other , and we have no need of one just now . ; the man , or rather the	66.98311614990234
<unk> he trod so softly that no sound was <unk> poured out about a spoonful into the glass , and drank it . ! horses ? ” ” said ; “ besides , we shall be there at the time of the flight . time the young woman was not in such haste to retire to her apartment as she had been the first . name ! ” cried the unhappy young man , “ if you doubt me , question me ; i will answer you. ” villefort made a violent effort , and in a tone he strove to render firm : , my brave felton ; don ’ t you see what i told you ? praised , ” he said ; “ it is	51.24129867553711
a real bed ! ” i know this great lady . ” the crew of _la jeune amélie_ , —it was one of her regular haunts . morrel , in a firm and at the same time soft voice , “ listen to me , as to a man whose thoughts are raised to heaven , though he remains on earth ; i come to die in the arms of a friend . said the delighted major . profit by this opportunity to see the ceremony ; and porthos , in full dress , mounted his finest horse , taking the part of supernumerary musketeer , as d ’ artagnan had so often done formerly . all the suspicions of jealousy <unk> his heart . ” said a	86.56986999511719
well-known voice . and decanter empty ? ” asked he ; “ valentine said she only drank half the <unk> . ” ravaillac or of jacques <unk> ever known ? ” and looked into the court . before it could be closed , the lady exclaimed : what a dreadful misfortune ! voice , whose mournful accents , reaching the four friends , seemed to proceed from some phantom of the ocean . changed to admiration at seeing the perfect skill with which dantès handled the helm . relations i have had the happiness to sustain towards you , can it be that you know me so little as to ask such a thing ? ” said athos , “ that i saw milady last night . ”	113.2962646484375
he exclaimed , “ thy vengeance is sometimes delayed , but only that it may fall the more <unk> ” ali looked at his master for further instructions . ; but i have already told you what that damned <unk> predicted . ” to suppose you would allow such a thing to pass you . ” that <unk> tigers and crocodiles are more dangerous than the others . ” dear d ’ artagnan , answer for <unk> ” to give an order to cahusac and houdinière . that you had a hundred friends . ” questioned her . messenger is welcome . if there be <unk> , well , ” continued louis xviii. , “ make one ; that is the usual way , is it not ?	73.81565856933594
” and the king laughed <unk> . all paris knew it yesterday , and the day before it had already transpired on the bourse , and m. danglars ( i do not know by what means that man <unk> to obtain intelligence as soon as we do ) made a million ! ” paris , had <unk> and provisions thrown over the walls . monsieur bazin went to <unk> ’ ’ tis his custom . cristo ? ” cried morrel , throwing away his cigar and hastening to the carriage ; “ i should think we would see him . you will have <unk> and all the rest . ” distinguished the approaching steps of the jailer . is your opinion ? ” asked aramis . then was	77.52424621582031
heard the regular <unk> of soldiers . or fifty entered , exactly resembling the smuggler who had introduced franz into the cavern ; but he did not appear to recognize him . d ’ artagnan , “ speak quickly ! the point of being made captain of the _pharaon_ ? ” , beauchamp , ” observed the young <unk> . me , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ if ever i find him . ” and as i have not eaten so good a dinner as you , i can scarcely stand . ” the sound of a _guzla_ reached the ears of the young men , but was almost immediately lost , for the rapid closing of the door merely allowed one rich swell of harmony	71.76914978027344
to enter . ! at vampa ’ s torch . ’ said francis i. ; ‘ woman is like a wave of the sea , ’ said shakespeare ; both the great king and the great poet ought to have known woman ’ s nature well . ” the doctor ’ s arm . throughout the house . he reiterated . in the young man ’ s feelings . my dear viscount , —the caprice of fortune ; that is the way in which these things are to be accounted for . ” to tell . ” returned the pistol to his belt , approached the lamp to be assured that it was the paper , unfolded it , and read : to obey . ” château d	87.42137908935547
’ if behind . suppose , that you refuse the service which i asked of you ? ” , and always brooding over some old history of the vendetta ; and i overlooked that in italy , because in italy those things are thought nothing of . active and vigilant , not like that <unk> fellow bazin , who is no longer good for anything since he became connected with the church . , the countess has only to wish it , and they would become so . ” must trust in god . ” sails were <unk> , and they cast anchor about a hundred fathoms from the little harbor . that the guardsmen sought a quarrel with the musketeers ? ” her as for the two	112.08402252197266
sailing vessels . ” then , we two with our swords , you with daggers . to me alone ? ” said the marquis . are on the right track , lieutenant ? ” him ! to know ? ” asked cavalcanti . best to obey you , madame , ” said the youthful king , “ but i have no inclination to sleep . ” therefore , first to the benevolence of your majesty , that i may know what has become of my friends , <unk> to myself , if necessary , the right of appealing hereafter to your justice . ” ” asked monte cristo quickly , with an imperceptible gleam of hope . us go , ” said the shipmaster . friends met with	49.800132751464844
m. de tréville , who was returning from st. germain ; he stopped them to offer his compliments upon their appointments , which in an instant drew round them a hundred <unk> . sword , had all the appearance of a soldier ; and his buff boots , still slightly covered with dust , indicated that he had been on horseback in the course of the day . saw close to the panes the pale face of athos , and screamed . surprise and terror ; and without a word i suffered myself to be <unk> and tied to a horse ’ s tail , and thus they took me to nîmes . monte cristo has just carried off their five millions . ” which franz saw the	76.73191833496094
shepherd going along a narrow path that led over the irregular and broken surface of the campagna ; and finally he disappeared in the midst of the tall red <unk> , which seemed like the bristling mane of an enormous lion . afterward the <unk> of this craft took them all aboard . wish for only one harness . ” you to understand . away ; the hours , one after another , seemed to awaken the clock as they passed , and every blow of the brass hammer resounded upon the heart of the prisoner . piece of folly , ” said athos , “ but it can ’ t be helped ; there is no drawing back . the count saw bertuccio , who , until	122.77381134033203
then , had been occupied on the other side of the house , glide into an adjoining room . they were stationed at equal distances from one another , like sentinels . granite he had seen the two young peasants talking with the carbineers , and guessed the subject of their <unk> . . ” old man was heard rolling along the floor , and he soon made his appearance in the room . give me this without compromising yourself . ” , ” said the young man <unk> , pretending to search for it . . ” ? cavalier with the curate . visible in the horizon , the waves whitened , a light played over them , and gilded their foaming <unk> with gold . great	79.49573516845703
attention , while exchanging the customary compliments ; both were very handsome , but of quite different <unk> of beauty . you do nothing , and have nothing like other people . hopes but for fools , monsieur , and you are a man of understanding . down , meantime , behind a tub in the side alley . jetty , his clothes richly laced with gold , glittering , as was customary with him , with diamonds and precious stones , his hat ornamented with a white feather which drooped upon his shoulder , buckingham was seen surrounded by a staff almost as brilliant as himself . of another with a hatchet , but you shrink if your own is attacked with a needle . ” question	191.0040283203125
<unk> me , valentine , for i can not say that the count has rendered me any ostensible service . the summit , and all at once found themselves in the presence of twenty bandits . the voice which speaks to me in my dreams ; yes , i recognize the features of the angel who appears to me every night , crying to my soul , which can not sleep : ‘ strike , save england , save <unk> thou wilt die without having appeased god ! ’ speak , speak ! ” cried felton , “ i can understand you now . ” , being at bottom a prudent youth , instead of returning home , went and dined with the gascon priest , who ,	87.19456481933594
at the time of the distress of the four friends , had given them a breakfast of chocolate . grotto must penetrate deeper into the island ; he examined the stones , and sounded one part of the wall where he fancied the opening existed , masked for precaution ’ s sake . mademoiselle , ” said milady ; “ i don ’ t like comments . ” , ” said mazarin . ’ s voice , came sharply up . said milady , lowering her voice , “ is my brother . ” a woman , ” continued tréville . is , ” continued the countess , taking up the _lorgnette_ , and directing it toward the box in question , “ that the gentleman , whose	61.774391174316406
history i am unable to furnish , seems to me as though he had just been dug up ; he looks more like a corpse permitted by some friendly grave-digger to quit his tomb for a while , and revisit this earth of ours , than anything human . it in the <unk> , because i was called away . ” asked franz , “ where are these pistols , blunderbusses , and other deadly weapons with which you intend filling the carriage ? ” madame danglars , “ i am too ill . ” the ground , one bathed in blood and motionless , with his face toward the earth ; this one was dead . ambitious , must he not ? your chief , cucumetto ,	122.6149673461914
whose dress i now wear ; and i set fire to the villa san-felice to procure a <unk> for my betrothed . ’ right to endeavor to find her . make a complete transformation in his appearance . ” replied the servant . ” ; i intend going there soon , and since you allow me , i will pay you a visit . mot , she arose and asked for her carriage . this action had been miraculously <unk> believed that a benefactor had arisen from the grave to save us . dear albert , whatever may be your career , you will soon render that name illustrious . admit that he was indeed awake and that his bloody dream was real . young man . ,	127.5116195678711
and d ’ artagnan took his place in the midst of his comrades . in pushing the bolt , milady turned round . island was inhabited , yet edmond felt himself alone , guided by the hand of god . rue saint-jacques ! ” exclaimed villefort , unable to repress an exclamation . steps when his ears began to <unk> , a faintness seized him , a cloud of blood passed over his eyes , and he fell in the middle of the street , crying still , “ coward ! his host , or appears to forget him , under the pretense of not knowing where he has been carried , we will not forget him , and we know where he is . have made a	69.57096099853516
<unk> excursion to the south of france may perchance have noticed , about <unk> between the town of beaucaire and the village of bellegarde , —a little nearer to the former than to the latter , —a small roadside inn , from the front of which hung , creaking and <unk> in the wind , a sheet of tin covered with a grotesque representation of the pont du gard . joy and admiration , ran to a closet and drew forth workmen ’ s clothes , which the four friends immediately put on ; they then left the hotel , athos carrying a saw , porthos a <unk> , aramis an axe and d ’ artagnan a hammer and some nails . he can speak . ” low	153.2020721435547
, is there no other to be had ? ” justice by sending her to tyburn , ” said buckingham . the youth in his sweet voice , “ it seems to me that there is only one career for a <unk> of the army . nothing that i am styled louis the just , ” and he signed emery ’ s appointment . , i take you for what you are , that is to say , the coadjutor ; i recognized you at the first glance . ” the world . ” could open his <unk> he had noticed where the jailer placed his bread or the <unk> he had glanced towards the corner where the straw was , the jailer disappeared , taking with him	62.070960998535156
the lamp and closing the door , leaving stamped upon the prisoner ’ s mind the dim reflection of the dripping walls of his dungeon . the useless blood ! of these torches d ’ artagnan perceived men in uniform . of d ’ artagnan . never cold , you know ! small your sins , we have the archbishop of paris , who has the very greatest power at the court of rome , and even the coadjutor , who possesses some <unk> indulgences ; we will recommend you to him . ” kind of sentry box out of a hollow willow , and as they drew near he put his head out and gave a low whistle . ” he said ; “ you must be	91.55021667480469
much fatigued after your voyage . you have done ? ” said the king . as he died ? ” porthos , “ ’ twill be at least a little change from beer . ” good , you are great , my lord ! ” said haydée , kissing the count ’ s hand , “ and i am very fortunate in belonging to such a master ! ” honor of <unk> with ordinary men , and the pleasure of leaving politics for a moment , try to find your affectionate heart , which you leave with your stick when you go to the chamber . ” as he wished , the man then drew from his pocket something which the count could not discern , placed it	58.86503601074219
on a stand , then went straight to the secretaire , felt the lock , and contrary to his expectation found that the key was missing . at the prince ’ s door . have tasted nothing but water . ” bed , apparently , for the noise ceased . tell you . his pocket a paper . said richelieu , “ receive my thanks for the good guard you have kept . to say , sir ? ” asked caderousse . your charming wife , and present my best compliments to her ; and do you , morrel , accompany me to the champs-élysées . ” , ” said the lieutenant . hotel , franz found albert in his dressing-gown and slippers , listlessly extended on a	75.05810546875
sofa , smoking a cigar . of being so , my lord , but i am totally in the dark about everything . artagnan with an expression of gratitude and then bestowed on raoul one of those strange smiles , of which children are so proud when they receive them . , what supplied the place of those fine qualities , ” replied the young man , “ and that was fanaticism . that you are anxious to kill some of us . ” orders had been issued by the count ; he himself had given a plan to bertuccio , marking the spot where each tree was to be planted , and the shape and extent of the lawn which was to take the place of the	82.40313720703125
paving-stones . . to the court ; some to witness the sight , others to comment upon it . reasons for not being seen , and yet d ’ artagnan did not for an instant doubt that it was mme . he , guessing franz ’ s thought , “ i know this is a serious matter . ” , and when the carriages had drawn close together , said : , surprised . can catch him ? ” said the young man , with an air of sorrowful resignation , to faria , “ that god <unk> it right to take from me any claim to merit for what you call my devotion to you . you be wounded , write to me that very instant ,	80.08553314208984
or get some one at once to write to me . the wall ! ” again ! ” said the count ; “ tell me till you are weary , that i have restored you to happiness ; you do not know how much i require this assurance . ” gracefully wiped his lips with a fine cambric <unk> . much at your ease , aramis ; he has probably been killed . committing a great imprudence . ” year the city is in that state of dull apathy , between life and death , which renders it similar to a kind of station between this world and the <unk> sublime spot , a resting-place full of poetry and character , and at which franz had already halted	97.80030822753906
five or six times , and at each time found it more marvellous and striking . to you that i never for an instant had the intention of defending my head against you . d ’ artagnan , who , instead of being ill , ran toward his horse . , sir , and if he had not a meal left , i doubt if he would have asked anything from anyone , except from heaven . ” friend , ” said m. d ’ avrigny , “ i would not accuse anyone ; i speak only of an accident , you understand , —of a mistake , —but whether accident or mistake , the fact is there ; it is on my conscience and compels me to	69.9426040649414
speak aloud to you . the daughter of a noble house , took particular delight in stories of the court , which so seldom travel to the extremities of the kingdom , and which , above all , have so much difficulty in penetrating the walls of convents , at whose threshold the noise of the world dies away . return . ? ” asked athos . too weak at present , and that her only desire was to be left alone . i have <unk> torture to which i have submitted when i saw the deadly poison poured into your glass , and how i trembled lest you should drink it before i could find time to throw it away ! ” compressed his lips . s	113.13339233398438
all very fine , ” retorted the woman . ” he said , after a short time , “ answer candidly , —something vexes you—is it not so ? ” the interests of the queen ; and if anything should happen , mme . cardinal ’ s guards ? ” was the moment to interfere . , the first thing i beheld in the middle of assunta ’ s chamber was a cradle that might be called sumptuous compared with the rest of the furniture , and in it a baby seven or eight months old . up to the charms of his reverie in the proximity of youth , so pure , so fresh . it is exactly 48,000 francs , which i am still owing him	96.10552978515625
, but i dare say we shall not dispute the difference . mademoiselle danglars . your help : that is i thought like a madman that you could lend me your assistance in a case where god alone can succor me . ” ? ” are your arrangements , aramis , those of london are mine . 1 to $ 5,000 ) are particularly important to <unk> tax exempt status with the <unk> . raoul , and i bequeath to you my revenge . ; the abbé rose and paced up and down pensively , and then resumed his seat . her friend ’ s generosity , teresa was the most beautiful and the <unk> peasant near rome . by that ? ” , d ’ artagnan fancied	136.35655212402344
he perceived on board it the woman of <unk> same whom the unknown gentleman had called milady , and whom d ’ artagnan had thought so handsome ; but thanks to the current of the stream and a fair wind , his vessel passed so quickly that he had little more than a glimpse of her . porthos . strength to do anything but to spend my days in prayer . , and then said , coloring , “ will it be really rendering you a service , d ’ artagnan ? ” i will . ” column , and might witness the whole of the terrible scene which was about to take place . miraculous <unk> did not utter a single cry , but fell lifeless into	87.88958740234375
my arms ; nor did a tear fall from his eyes after it was over . let us attend to what is most pressing . ” i hastened to the river , sat down on the bank , and with my knife forced open the lock of the box . ” said château-renaud , “ allow me to tell you that you do not understand that manœuvre with the eye-glass half so well as debray . were turning blue . make you forget this temporary <unk> , and offer you what no doubt you did not expect to find <unk> is to say , a tolerable supper and pretty comfortable beds . ” said morcerf , “ was at her toilet when she was informed of the visit	95.24819946289062
she was about to receive . away the sentinel that i might remain here without anybody knowing it , in order to speak to you without being overheard . iron <unk> and knocked thrice , every blow seeming to dantès as if struck on his heart . man . ” la ramee , shuddering . were you thinking of as you danced opposite the young countess of san-felice ? ’ the drawing-room , ” said he to baptistin , while he led the beautiful greek girl to a private staircase . _me_ as little pleasure to revive it as it does you . , for eight-and-forty hours . last struggle . justice , ” he said ; “ and stay close to me , ” he added ,	105.15626525878906
in a low tone . <unk> , for the growth in question had a head . ? fear , my friend , ” said morrel , raising his head , and smiling with a sweet expression on the count ; “ i shall no longer attempt my life . ” ” he said . the major ; “ very good . , albert ? ” ? ” said fernand . i swear to you , as a grateful man should do . ” to the salutations , <unk> , and jokes of their companions . , the queen and monsieur mazarin , and heard the mass as well as if he had been on duty . broken that treaty , your excellency ? ” almost masculine look morcerf	47.29219055175781
found so little to his taste , was a dark <unk> , of much larger dimensions than these freaks of nature generally are , placed just at the corner of her mouth ; and the effect tended to increase the expression of <unk> that characterized her countenance . at everything , and political men have made you <unk> everything . as i now press your hand , i shall kill him before ten o ’ clock tomorrow morning. ” morrel , in his turn , took monte cristo ’ s hand in both of his , and he shuddered to feel how cold and steady it was . by it on her part , for she added , “ my cousin will not return if he finds that	117.36719512939453
we do not treat him kindly ; but otherwise he has so little time to pass in paris , and consequently to spare to us , that we must entreat him to give us every instant he can call his own previous to his departure . ” apartment . direction , and ran quickly towards them . the first time that the lodger ’ s name was lucien ; still , as he was the very perfection of a door-keeper , he made up his mind not to tell his wife . account i gave you advice , which naturally you took care not to adopt . ” the turnkey , “ there was no occasion for watching him ; he would have stayed here fifty years ,	86.36956024169922
i ’ ll answer for it , without any attempt to escape . ” recollect you ? ” pointed to a window , through the shutters of which a faint light streamed . in your case , —to whom could your disappearance have been serviceable ? ” madame ; the fanciful exists no longer in the east . your eminence so well , why are they , my lord cardinal , in prison ? ” asked the young girl . i at liberty to retire ? ” said the general . learn from my lips how you may alleviate this misfortune , so far as it will affect you . ” , under her skillful hands , all the undulations she thought might assist the charms of her	103.42669677734375
face . little note and pin upon the table confirmed , or rather corroborated , the sad truth . you ! ” said buckingham . nothing ; it will soon pass away ” —and as he said so the old man ’ s strength failed him , and he fell backwards . person . ” my friend , dear athos ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , in a faltering voice and almost staggering from agitation . the queen . it and i now repeat it : our destinies are irrevocably united , although we now pursue <unk> roads . valentine , “ shut the door , and let no one come in . ” presence destroyed the fatal letter , the only proof against him ? ”	88.17625427246094
replied dantès . arms folded , near rita , who was still insensible . but you leave the best company to go into the worst sometimes . us , you will have a king without a minister , whom you may serve , love , respect . , who had never taken his eyes off his companion , passed his hand behind his back , and opened a long spanish knife , which he always carried with him , to be ready in case of need . called a cab , and directed the driver to go to the rue de harlay . ” the stairs ; he had only time to creep into an alcove to avoid them . and grimaud the friends succeeded in turning the	89.19357299804688
stone over . ” . ” cried aramis , “ i think you consented to accompany me only to give me a <unk> forgive me ! ” , ” said morcerf ; “ meanwhile , who is in the russian ambassador ’ s box ? ” with my heart , while i only love milady with my head , ” said he . sir , ” answered dantès , “ and i ’ m with you. ” then calling to the crew , he said , “ let go ! ” thanks to one of those <unk> to which he was accustomed , he was able to provide for the wants of all for a fortnight . room was , as usual , empty , and only guarded	55.1717643737793
by the dog , he called to his wife , ‘ hello , carconte , ’ said he , ‘ the worthy priest has not deceived us ; the diamond is real . ’ up and down the study , glancing from time to time at his beautiful venetian mirror , <unk> in every direction . longer twenty years old . ” ” said aramis , “ truly you are a great man . ” unusual smile were bestowed on m. danglars ; the count , in return for his gentlemanly bow , received a formal though graceful courtesy , while lucien exchanged with the count a sort of distant recognition , and with danglars a free and easy nod . to nobody , ” said milady ;	107.37088775634766
“ observe , to <unk> . ” which guitant was speaking just now , the people chanted nothing except the mass , so everything went to destruction . said the notary , turning first to villefort and then to <unk> “ permit me to state that the case in question is just one of those in which a public officer like myself can not proceed to act without thereby incurring a dangerous responsibility . woman ’ s head appear at the window , but none of them , except athos , knew mme . take him with me ? ” ; but i deny that it is so in the part of it inhabited by monsieur d ’ artagnan , for i can affirm , sire , if	117.85600280761719
i can believe what he says , that there does not exist a more devoted servant of your majesty , or a more profound admirer of monsieur the cardinal . ” ” said he , “ and the house door is shut . ” inn , in which was consumed a liqueur which preserves its reputation to our time and which is still made in that town . that the former of these symptoms was one of the <unk> <unk> of <unk> , he did not then press his inquiries , but waited for a more appropriate opportunity when he should again interrogate her , or receive an avowal <unk> <unk> . the best <unk> of the palais royal , who did the plate in my presence .	99.27972412109375
then , on your honor , if i am not consoled , you will let me take my life into my own hands , and whatever may happen you will not call me ungrateful ? ” the occasion of veritable triumph . porthos earned by selling straw . ” know in what way m. d ’ épinay can have displeased your father more than any other person ? ” planchet ? ” pain and emulation , <unk> over the dark road , in the midst of which was now seen a moving mass , <unk> and more obscure than the rest of the horizon . have been so long shut up , that i am only of one <unk> am for fresh air . , ” said aramis	79.8369369506836
, “ i believe you meddle with my conversation . ” themselves in darkness ; but mme . in attempting to <unk> his jailers , who might only have taken it and then betrayed him to the governor , dantès carefully preserved it , that in the event of his getting out of prison he might have wherewithal to live , for the sale of such a diamond would have quite sufficed to make his fortune . ” ” said mordaunt , “ i choose for my adversary the man who , not thinking himself worthy to be called comte de la fere , calls himself athos . ” d ’ artagnan . the king is but a child and the queen a woman weak enough . he	72.71135711669922
had been worsted , and this time on his own ground . these times of <unk> <unk> they had no more delicacy with respect to the mistresses ; and that the latter almost always left them valuable and <unk> remembrances , as if they <unk> to conquer the fragility of their sentiments by the solidity of their gifts . , ” said the abbé . ” cried felton . , just arrived , but he was in his bath , and had forbidden that anyone should be admitted . use of mentioning that ? worthy captain ? ” the bread he was about to devour , and returned to his <unk> did not wish to die . of water in the ocean . ” in the king ’	76.73795318603516
s room . said at length , “ do you not answer me ? ” <unk> man went to the count ’ s bedroom and raised with a <unk> hand the curtain of a window overlooking the courtyard . belonging to this company in the ante-chamber ? ” achieved before i grow old . ” door behind him , and advanced towards the major , who had risen when he heard steps approaching him . do not invite people of fashion . , my dear morrel , m. de morcerf will kill me . ” more mine than yours , and neither of us will quit this prison . ” said he , “ they are beating the tattoo . de comminges , “ more especially if it	60.327335357666016
could reveal how monsieur d ’ artagnan for this last week has been <unk> him . ” the chancellor , hesitating , “ it would be to release broussel . ” , and from pure devotion to the cause , for monsieur de bracieux is rich . ” enough to inflict on me a great and <unk> misfortune . advanced as that , my dear countess , ” returned franz , “ i can not deny that we have abused his good nature all day . ” for her where she is not to be found . ” gentlemen . ” scaffolds upon which the invited ladies were to be placed ; the city grocer had ornamented the chambers with two hundred <unk> of white wax , a	86.62069702148438
piece of luxury unheard of at that period ; and twenty violins were ordered , and the price for them fixed at double the usual rate , upon condition , said the report , that they should be played all night . , ” observed athos . ” exclaimed athos . made which <unk> the honor of a member of my family . ” o ’ clock or shall i wait supper for you at seven ? ” ” said athos , shrugging his shoulders ; “ the daughter of henry iv . <unk> that village ? ” eagerly asked madame de chevreuse . for half that , for twenty thousand , for fifteen thousand ; why did you not think of me , ungrateful man ? ”	82.37850189208984
to give you from the count . ” grottos , or on board in your cloak ; besides , if your excellency pleases , we can leave as soon as you <unk> can sail as well by night as by day , and if the wind drops we can use our oars . ” an ally , and not an enemy . his emotion , and regained with hurried steps the porch where olivain was waiting with the horses . he might have nothing to reproach himself with , he directed his steps , for the last time , toward the residences of his three friends . . then , full of gratitude for the past and for the future ; and the worthy captain , who on	83.93732452392578
his side felt a lively interest in this young man , so brave and so resolute , pressed his hand kindly , wishing him a pleasant journey . affectionately , i am come to give you this very title which you wish for so much . ” must have saved some <unk> , more subtle and deadly poison than any other , that you might escape the punishment that you deserve . displayed an expression of the most intense curiosity . and you are angry ? ” every description of garment , as if he wanted to fit up his wardrobe . where you yourselves sleep ? ’ bad , ” said athos , after having tasted like a connoisseur and indicated by a nod of his head	101.71072387695312
that he thought the wine good ; “ and one may draw fifty or sixty pistoles from this good man . the young man , quite astounded , “ i hope no false <unk> ” the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg™ license when you share it without charge with others . of , it will be a triumph for them , which will make them rejoice , and cover me with shame . is there nothing i can offer you by way of refreshment ? ” <unk> the echo of that room which now appeared like a sepulchre ; to speak seemed like <unk> the silence of the tomb . perhaps , felton is paying	135.9209747314453
with his head for the crime of this fury ! ” is called _a <unk> on the possibility of a general monarchy in <unk> , and will make one large <unk> volume . ” modified and printed and given away—you may do practically anything in the united states with ebooks not protected by u.s. copyright law . for three . ” good master ! ” ” it . ” chestnut-trees , a <unk> was mounting up to heaven , while pouring out her clear morning song . his escort disappeared in their turn , a new traveler stopped on the threshold of the inn . ? ” said the attendant . revenged ! ” as we said , with haughty air , disdainful lip , and the demeanor	115.41102600097656
of an outraged queen , followed by her companion , who was paler and more disturbed than herself . count appeared to increase in stature , his form , nearly double its usual height , stood out in relief against the red tapestry , his black hair was thrown back , and he stood in the attitude of an avenging angel . with you , my friend ? ” asked the latter . franz , let us talk of something else . which he is treated ; instead of being knocked on the head as you would be if once they caught hold of you , he is simply sentenced to be guillotined , by which means , too , the amusements of the day are <unk> ,	106.98181915283203
and there is a spectacle to please every spectator . ” woman is rich and the lover is not , that which he can not offer she offers to herself ; and although it is generally with her husband ’ s money that she procures herself this indulgence , the gratitude for it seldom <unk> to him . she should marry m. franz d ’ <unk> she shall marry him . ” awakened in the middle of the night and did not know what it all was about . ” <unk> , who so generously distributed the englishman ’ s pistoles , which were our legitimate <unk> do you mean to do ? ” porthos , “ i expected some gentlemen of the neighborhood , who have just	82.90769958496094
sent me word they could not come . the table and took the second glass . for him ? valentine , do not be alarmed ; though you suffer ; though you lose sight , hearing , consciousness , fear nothing ; though you should awake and be ignorant where you are , still do not fear ; even though you should find yourself in a sepulchral vault or coffin . freedom than he is , so it will be your business to get him out . ” cavalcanti ’ s baptismal register , given by the curé of <unk> . ” their bare swords ; he felt it was no longer to be a butchery , but a fight , and he resumed his usual good humor	122.9855728149414
. ” said athos , triumphantly , “ i swear to you , my friend , by the god who hears <unk> believe that there is a power watching over us , and that we shall all four see france again . ” five hundred halberds . ” to a relation of yours , then ? ” demanded the journalist . with him three trusses of straw , returned to the chateau , where everybody , freezing with cold and more than half asleep , envied the king , the queen , and the duke of orleans , on their camp beds . valentine is going to marry you that he is angry , but because she will marry , a union with any other would have caused	81.55888366699219
him the same sorrow . piercing than the first , now sounded . they are fighting in england , ” added she , with a melancholy smile , “ and that in a short time they will fight in a much more decided fashion than they have done hitherto . ” that she was safe and unharmed , he turned towards the wounded man . ! between two walls of rock , following a path worn by a torrent , and which , in all human probability , human foot had never before trod , dantès approached the spot where he supposed the grottos must have existed . received , in a cradle , a beautiful little boy three months old , with a purse filled with gold	118.02893829345703
and a note containing these simple words : ‘ 11 october , 1633 . ’ ” despair of maximilian , when he should be informed that madame de saint-méran , instead of being an ally , was unconsciously acting as his enemy . bridle of athos ’ s horse and porthos that of aramis . passed rapidly before the opening ; dantès seized his gun , sprang through the opening , and mounted the stair . i am certain of not having been forestalled . open the door if i heard anyone cry out , ” said the soldier ; “ but you forgot to leave me the key . this moment i have done with the past , and accept nothing from <unk> even a name ,	89.96182250976562
because you can understand that your son can not bear the name of a man who ought to blush for it before another . ” ; give my compliments to your illustrious <unk> , <unk> of the cavalcanti ; and if by any chance he should be wishing to establish his son , find him a wife very rich , very noble on her mother ’ s side at least , and a baroness in right of her father , i will help you in the search . ” colossal pie with the duke ’ s arms on it , and seemingly cooked to a turn , as far as one could judge by the golden color which illuminated the crust . six months that this weakness had	101.42880249023438
been felt , the worthy procurator had nearly become the slave of his wife . called his phantom ; it was his stranger of meung , of the rue des fossoyeurs and of arras . , then , to send the money to luigi vampa ? ” asked the young man , looking fixedly in his turn at the count . burn that house , as they burned that of the marechal d ’ <unk> . the walls ; then the trampling of horses and the clashing of steel were heard . caderousse . mostly pass at italian theatres ; that is , not in listening to the music , but in paying visits and conversing . had thrown the body into the river and those words which	101.7078628540039
my remorse <unk> to me are those which i in my pride pronounced . answering , threw himself on his knees , seized the count ’ s hand , and covered it with kisses . . <unk> ” ” thought that prisoners who died in the château d ’ if were interred in an ordinary <unk> , and he conveyed the dead man into his own cell , took his place in the sack in which they had sewed up the corpse , and awaited the moment of <unk> . ” she , “ you will see that if my face is pale , if my eyes are dull , if my beauty is gone ; if mercédès , in short , no longer resembles her former self	83.20052337646484
in her features , you will see that her heart is still the same . means . ” ” cried raoul . ascertain , sire , ” replied d ’ artagnan , as he rapidly left the room . talk of it until tomorrow ; but read this paper today . ” speaking to you , and pretends that you will be very glad to see him . ” ” said porthos . my life ! ” whip ; and in five minutes they stopped before the count ’ s door . my past misery , ” said the count . two hundred of them , and each of them will need two , which will make four hundred . ” then ? ’ the advice . ”	39.77811813354492
of monte cristo when the sun began to set behind corsica , whose mountains appeared against the sky , showing their <unk> peaks in bold relief ; this mass of rock , like the giant <unk> , rose dead ahead , a formidable barrier , and <unk> the light that gilded its massive peaks so that the voyagers were in shadow . , ” said danglars , glancing at the bandit ’ s dinner through the crevices of the door , — “ may i be hanged if i can understand how people can eat such <unk> ! ” and he withdrew to seat himself upon his goat-skin , which reminded him of the smell of the brandy . much suspicion , and the young man being no	133.14280700683594
other than andrea , the commissary and gendarme , who was a brigadier , directed their steps towards his room . ” asked raoul , astonished . ” . ” to the mind of the prisoner : “ if i had listened to you , ” lord de winter had said to felton . , that sum ? ” <unk> ” been blind , and the minister of police has shared the general blindness , that is all . ” thing , but he is not dead . ” ” said château-renaud . felton , who became impatient , “ say yourself , madame , what treatment you wish followed . ” then said , “ this is it , word for word : ‘ the king ’	50.027523040771484
s attorney is informed by a friend to the throne and religion , that one edmond dantès , mate on board the _pharaon_ , this day arrived from smyrna , after having touched at naples and porto-ferrajo , has been intrusted by murat with a packet for the usurper ; again , by the usurper , with a letter for the bonapartist club in paris . busigny , i will bet you , ” said athos , “ that my three companions , messieurs porthos , aramis , and d ’ artagnan , and myself , will go and breakfast in the bastion st. gervais , and we will remain there an hour , by the watch , whatever the enemy may do to <unk> us . ”	77.81452941894531
hand in reply , as he had done eleven years before on the staircase leading to morrel ’ s study . and it takes a considerable effort , much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements . some of the servants , ran up in alarm on hearing the cries of maximilian . athos , addressing at the same time his companions and their adversaries , “ are we ready ? ” raoul ’ s age the heart is so expansive that it must encircle one object or another , fancied or real . of grass to be seen in the paths , or a weed in the <unk> ; no fine lady ever trained and watered her geraniums , her <unk> ,	153.6398468017578
and her rhododendrons , in her porcelain <unk> with more pains than this hitherto unseen gardener bestowed upon his little enclosure . sake , madame , ” said villefort , with a firmness of expression not altogether free from <unk> “ for heaven ’ s sake , do not ask pardon of me for a guilty wretch ! friend , ” said madame danglars , with the same simplicity we before noticed , “ it is a fact . me to say . ” crime , ” said monte cristo . was dead ? ” the abbé burst into a fit of laughter , while dantès gazed on him in utter astonishment . ? ” asked albert , who , being a constant visitor there , did not	75.18315887451172
understand this opposition to his entrance . a terrible antagonist . pages were covered with closely written words . ” asked the bandit . means of retaining them , remember , my lord , that i shall esteem you as having rendered the greatest service that a gentleman can render to a queen ; and in the day of my prosperity he who brings me this order and this cross shall be blessed by me and my children . ” quarter of an hour a faltering footstep was heard , and villefort appeared at the door of the apartment where d ’ avrigny and morrel had been staying , one absorbed in meditation , the other in grief . would be laughed at , and a master <unk>	87.34200286865234
must never be laughed at . ” for athos , who read them with profound attention , whilst d ’ artagnan could not restrain himself from jumping up several times on seeing him read these <unk> , in one of which , there being at the time a very strong light , he perceived the fine writing of aramis . d ’ artagnan , bending his mouth to athos ’ s ear , and lowering his voice , “ milady is marked with a _fleur-de-lis_ upon her shoulder ! ” horse back again , ” said the englishman . , i am sure it is your fault , some giddiness or folly . ” to him you must have seen him . ” not deny the justice of	59.23301315307617
your correction , but the more severely you arm yourself against that unfortunate man , the more deeply will you strike our family . tréville chapter iii . part well ; he was aware that opportunity has a <unk> only for him who will take it and he was not a man to let it go by him without seizing it . carefully on every side , saw the young peasants , and galloping up , began to question them . honor of an officer ; there is the half-pistole ; ” and he showed him the seductive coin , but did not give it him . the day before , sent as ambassador to spain , to demand the hand of the <unk> for king charles i.	130.35191345214844
, who was then only prince of wales . ” said milady , lifting hers to her mouth , “ do as i do . ” retire from thee without pride or hatred , but not without many regrets ; he only knows that the power confided to me has never been made <unk> to my personal good or to any useless cause . i have of speaking to myself . we feel when a storm is coming <unk> this issue was near , and could not fail to be terrible . , ” said milady , “ for no one has more respect for a promise or an oath than i have ; and if i make a promise i must keep it . ” bastards who	120.44003295898438
are thus fortunate . the features of caderousse , who was about to break in upon the abbé ’ s speech , when the latter , waving his hand , said , “ allow me to finish first , and then if you have any observations to make , you can do so afterwards . difficult . nervous and slight form had succeeded the solidity of a rounded and muscular figure . of every kind as there are caprices and peculiarities in the physical and moral nature of humanity ; and i will say <unk> art of these chemists is capable with the utmost precision to <unk> and proportion the remedy and the <unk> to <unk> for love or desires for vengeance . ” valet , who never	138.81884765625
left the door , entered in reply to the call . by eight o ’ clock , and eight is striking . i have bu ... ! ” he said , “ pardon me ; we both are servants of the queen , are we not ? that was told him with so much the more ease that it was his interest to believe it . , ” said d ’ artagnan . him , but without success . ” dantès felt himself flung into the air like a wounded bird , falling , falling , with a rapidity that made his blood <unk> . danglars forming the <unk> , and pushing danglars whenever he happened to stop , they came by a gentle declivity to the <unk>	72.25089263916016
of two corridors . seen me trifle with a friend ’ s heart and a king ’ s life ? , but wilful negligence or forgetfulness , never . the evil reports which then prevailed , and which indeed have survived them , of the procurators of the <unk> , <unk> , fasts ; but as , after all , excepting some few acts of economy which porthos had always found very <unk> , the procurator ’ s wife had been tolerably <unk> is , be it understood , for a procurator ’ s <unk> hoped to see a household of a highly comfortable kind . you desire , except relinquish my determination of finding out who this man is . ? ” know ? ” least ,	141.1051483154297
i have been warned . leave him to be educated by our enemies , who will give him evil counsel ; whereas , brought up by the coadjutor , for instance , he would imbibe national principles and love his people . ” at home resources which he did not expect . he , “ they have sent some <unk> to fight with me. ” the president , without answering , approached the witness who held the lantern , and raising his sleeve , showed him two wounds he had received in his arm ; then opening his coat , and <unk> his waistcoat , displayed his side , pierced with a third wound . star is in the <unk> , and he will marry the splendid <unk>	110.18669128417969
will be captain , too , and laugh at us all , unless ” —a sinister smile passed over danglars ’ <unk> “ unless i take a hand in the affair , ” he added . growing ; i haven ’ t seen you with so cheerful a face these five years . ” asked porthos . s or the queen ’ s . you on this occasion , monsieur . ” bring our breakfast with him . ” ! almost all the carriages ; these two sudden deaths , so quickly following each other , astonished everyone , but no one suspected the terrible secret which m. d ’ avrigny had communicated , in his nocturnal walk to m. de villefort . , speak , ” said	96.52180480957031
d ’ artagnan ; “ i listen . ” bag and rushed from the inner room where he was sleeping . his <unk> to madame danglars , that she might be under the care of his wife . ” said the count , bowing . me ? ” everybody and at what hour ? ” of my journey and of my credit . ; at the door franz ordered the coachman to be ready at eight . with him , ” continued aramis ; “ ah i much fear that with all your wisdom such mercy yet will prove <unk> folly . ” done to you ? ” exclaimed villefort , whose mind was balancing between reason and insanity , in that cloud which is neither a dream	62.612491607666016
nor reality ; “ what have i done to you ? am twenty-three years of age ; but your eminence is mistaken in saying that i am young . forward , then the other way , <unk> round and round , and then good-bye to the _pharaon_ . ” certain circumstances five minutes are five ages . ” first place , they transfer from the vessel to their own boat whatever they think worth taking , then they bind the crew hand and foot , they attach to everyone ’ s neck a <unk> ball , a large hole is <unk> in the vessel ’ s bottom , and then they leave her . much gold and splendor , are now reflected by the mirror in which monte	139.213134765625
cristo seeks to behold dantès . the <unk> ” am mistaken , for you have always been a good <unk> . opinion , sir , and we should soon make an end of mazarin if we had only a dozen officers like yourself , without prejudices , vigilant and <unk> . ” , whenever you wish to be regaled with music come and sup with me . ” this , ” said porthos and aramis , in the same manner as before . guardian of the state , royalist , brutus , what is the matter ? ” said one . the queen . say i can not , ” replied the baron ; “ and i was just asking the same question of albert . ” said	51.97555160522461
, “ you are a profound <unk> and your plan was sublime . ” for a moment ; with this red handkerchief on my head , with scarcely any shoes , no papers , and ten gold <unk> in my pocket , without reckoning what was there <unk> in all about two hundred francs , —why , i should certainly be arrested at the barriers . , and you will not , quit this place , it becomes necessary to fill up the excavation beneath the soldier ’ s gallery ; he might , by chance , hear the hollow sound of his footsteps , and call the attention of his officer to the circumstance . the air hole some bread at the end of a fork ,	111.61558532714844
and some meat when he asks for it ; but alas ! , cuirasses , and <unk> , and it was plain that as soon as his gout was better monsieur de bouillon would give a pretty <unk> to the enemies of the parliament to unravel . , ” said monte cristo . ’ s musketeers . you , as faithfully as you have promised me that this horrible marriage shall not take place , and that if you are dragged before a magistrate or a priest , you will refuse . ” ’ artagnan , i am , i hope , still dear athos , your comrade , your friend . replied guitant , “ i was observing that we live in <unk> times and that to-day	56.69285583496094
’ s events are very like those in the days of the ligue , of which i heard so much in my youth . he says all this , ” muttered beauchamp ; “ decidedly he is a great man . ” , how is it that i have not seen him lately at the baron ’ s house ? ” the waist and would have dragged her from her post ; but at that instant a treble voice , proceeding from a kind of entresol , was heard <unk> : ” favor ; and if you grant it me , i will bless you in this world and in the next . ” that for you , blacas , ” continued louis xviii . suffice to apprise	71.17292022705078
them ; will you go for them yourself , or shall you send ? ” ll come round , ” thought d ’ artagnan ; “ that ’ s not bad ! ” dear child , adieu for the present . to us ? ” said porthos . ? ” asked milady . advice . he . certainly not ! ” very difficult even to make him see that he was dying of hunger ; he has gone on his road as inexorable as fate and we must seek him somewhere else . ” twilight lighted the plain . ’ tis here— ’ tis <unk> sight is <unk> senses fail ! purpose . halted , the musketeers halted . , ” said lord de winter , “ if	72.01243591308594
there are any measures to take against the countess , it concerns me ; she is my sister-in-law . ” website which has the main pg search facility : www.gutenberg.org . believe , would give the world to prevent my success . ” château-renaud , “ since you have an establishment , a steward , and a hotel in the champs-élysées , you only want a <unk> ” albert smiled . , with the exception of a little , which had been already drunk by m. noirtier . other address was necessary ; in his pride he fancied that every one must know the chateau du vallon . ransom of that immense treasure buried under the gallery , to which one <unk> on pushing a spring hidden in	109.89221954345703
the wall , which causes a tub to turn , revealing a <unk> not one speak of that a little , my lord ? ” permission , instead of reading the letters , took the knife which the dying buckingham had snatched out of the wound and sent by laporte to the queen . his right hand , danglars at his left ; while , at a sign from edmond , the rest of the company ranged themselves as they found it most agreeable . has failed her , on two occasions she has found herself discovered and betrayed ; and on these two occasions it was to one fatal genius , sent <unk> by the lord to combat her , that she has succumbed . , the	140.22686767578125
cardinal ’ s custom to walk in his orangery ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . terms so moving , that even the officer was touched , and , although firm in his duty , he kindly said , “ my worthy friend , let me beg of you to calm your apprehensions . my own way . ” am only embarked in certainties , ” replied danglars , with the air of a <unk> sounding his own praises ; “ to <unk> me , three governments must crumble to dust . ” pleased , in order that the solemn declaration i have just made should not be withheld , which otherwise would certainly have been the case . la carconte , rising and descending to the chamber	103.9864273071289
with a tolerably firm step ; “ what diamond are you talking about ? ” caderousse , “ one can ’ t always <unk> is not a dog . ” the profits from this stone belongs to us then , does it not ? ” asked caderousse . neither seen nor heard anything . ” safe ? ” said he , timidly . porthos . two of whom have left paris , to go i know not where . ” entirely on my own account , be it understood , i would add that i believe you too gentlemanly to refuse giving him some explanation concerning your connection with yanina . . , sire ; think only of yourself . such hour as i have just passed .	94.78479766845703
” escaped from behind the cloud which had concealed it , and morrel saw villefort come out upon the steps , followed by a gentleman in black . you , who risk your life every day , but for me , who only did so <unk> ” ” said the duchess , giving him a letter , “ here is what i promised you ; our young friend will be extremely well received . ” and in a most lavish manner , i can assure you . ” to the countess , who inclined herself without speaking . of the young man ’ s face what was passing in his mind , and he smiled . ” de winter is an angel ; you know that she is	50.57349395751953
, and i demand her liberty of you . ” ; there is a god , ” said monte cristo , “ of whom you are a striking proof , as you lie in utter despair , denying him , while i stand before you , rich , happy , safe and entreating that god in whom you endeavor not to believe , while in your heart you still believe in him . ” has been for three days at the rue <unk> . ” two friends at first kept an embarrassed silence . said athos , “ this delay is not natural ; they took the shortest route and should have arrived before we did . ” when the shot was fired . lord , ” said	80.7187728881836
the lad ; “ but will you have the kindness to wait a moment ? ” opinion , ” said the gentleman ; “ nothing induces serious duels so much as a duel <unk> . ” dantès . your hostelry , which respectable people can not put up with . n , surmounted by a baron ’ s coronet . ” i don ’ t know ; it ’ s of no consequence . journey . ” i did not leave him ? ” on the table . porthos , “ mutton again ? ” the same dungeon where he had passed the night , and left him to himself during the day . hidden from view , were three gentlemen , who had preceded athos and aramis	55.56252670288086
, and an officer was examining their passports . , she looked like an angel of mercy conjuring the angel of vengeance . mazarin to himself , “ what a sweet face ; does she come to borrow money of me ? ” pensive , but seeing luigi so cheerful , she on her part assumed a smiling air , which was natural to her when she was not excited or in a passion . , and seeing him stare so fixedly , said : with joy and pride . other for an instant in a close embrace . the rarest pictures by the old masters , the <unk> hung with draperies from china , of fanciful colors , fantastic design , and wonderful texture . no pretension	151.39801025390625
to nobility , and calls himself a chance count , although the general opinion at rome is that the count is a man of very high distinction . ” which milady had stabbed herself , open in his bosom ; at one bound he was upon the duke . be to god , we do not want , as monsieur can testify , for partridges , rabbits , carp or <unk> light , wholesome food , suitable for the sick . ” . ” concern me what you have learned ? ” said de winter . appeared upon his countenance was so visible that bonacieux was terrified at it , and he endeavored to draw back a step or two ; but as he was standing before the	113.3807373046875
half of the door which was shut , the obstacle compelled him to keep his place . , madame ? ” said he . the same , but with increasing warmth : “ yes , i can very well understand that after having inherited the fortune of my brother it would be very agreeable to you to be my heir likewise ; but know beforehand , if you kill me or cause me to be killed , my precautions are taken . another voice , which d ’ artagnan instantly recognized as that of aramis . darling child , valentine ! drink ? ” doubt what you say , monsieur athos , i do not doubt it for a single instant ; but , ” added he ,	62.28012466430664
“ to change the conversation , was this lady alone ? ” by the throat and three-quarters <unk> him . and soon returned with what edmond wanted . called his complaint <unk> , i believe ; his acquaintances say he died of grief ; but i , who saw him in his dying moments , i say he died of—— ” ” de longueville ? ” to the chateau which , compared to its ancestor on the hill , was exactly what a <unk> of the <unk> of the duc d ’ <unk> would have been beside a knight in steel armor in the time of charles vii . ” said he . parisians , ” <unk> d ’ artagnan , “ offering only the other day ,	95.84051513671875
by an <unk> of the parliament , six hundred thousand francs to any man <unk> who would deliver up the cardinal to them , dead or <unk> alive , in order to hang him ; if dead , to deny him the rites of christian burial ! ” them ? ” cardinal what the two musketeers had already said with respect to athos . old <unk> drinking . ” other of you , perhaps both , return it to me at paris . pistol and you were in full fight , sword in hand . ” milady was an englishwoman whom the persecutions of the french drove from la rochelle ; when landing at boulogne , after a two days ’ passage , she passed for a <unk>	118.92822265625
whom the english persecuted at portsmouth out of their hatred for france . i do not know what has become of him ; so that i am really so unhappy that i weep . ” d ’ artagnan , addressing the guardsmen , “ you may easily comprehend that such a feast can only be very dull after what has taken place ; so accept my excuses , and put off the party till another day , i beg of you . ” an investigation , which might dispose of the <unk> report before it had time to spread , and restore m. de morcerf to the position he had long held in public opinion . have something to say to you. ” and he went out .	82.25874328613281
die of hunger , ” said the patron . at heart a frondist and would hear nothing said of compensation . window , “ can it be he ? ” her . ” was a noble gentleman , ” said planchet , “ was he not ? moment , surprised , but immediately recovering himself , he bowed with an air which seemed to say , “ as you please , madame . ” noise . perhaps sent him to paris , as he did the horses . i ’ faith , ” answered porthos . face in her hands . opening was a dark and deep angle . reached the ruins of an old chateau ; those ruins crowned the summit of a hill which overlooked the	69.78935241699219
surrounding country . . ” asked valentine . was prepared for them . responded peppino ; and , advancing alone towards the sentry , he said a few words to him in a low tone ; and then he , like the first , saluted the nocturnal visitors , making a sign that they might proceed . ? ” chapter 9 . lord , i am listening . ” o ’ clock . know if the persons you see there are rich or poor , if their <unk> of wheat are not rubies or diamonds ? despatched him at once , he felt that they would not kill him at all . are you ? ” <unk> her to make this last sacrifice . provided you with the	75.78710174560547
defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund . to you my grandfather ’ s thoughts , so as to put an end to all your doubts and fears on the subject . nothing by this journey because i see you . ” rushed out and stood on the other side of the door . . d ’ artagnan , “ i have already received by monsieur de cavois a similar invitation from his eminence . ” said d ’ artagnan . at the gate by which they sought to enter the city , but athos replied , in excellent english , that they had been sent forward by colonel harrison to announce to his colleague , monsieur bridge , the approach	67.47747802734375
of the king . they met bertuccio , who was waiting there , motionless as a sentinel at his post . aramis , “ if you admit divine justice and its participation in the things of this world , that woman was punished by the will of heaven . vallon , and resign yourself . ” morrel . . words , as there are great men ; i have measured them . , ” said athos , “ what is the penalty you demand against this woman ? ” m. de tréville thought it best to be first in making the complaint . was superior to others , the more he was to be dreaded if he meant to deceive him . we have said , in very	60.54823303222656
low spirits ; and nothing when he was in that state of mind increased his depression so much as gaiety in others . told me that those people were assembled there for some bad purpose ; and i was reflecting on what my instinct had told me , in the darkest corner of the stable , when a man wrapped in a cloak and followed by two other men , came in . ” headsman of bethune , ” he said , his voice hoarse and his face livid with passion and grief . to do so . ” he had been looking at on the table , and stood with his head drooping on his breast , as though overwhelmed by the perseverance and strength of faria	101.06787109375
’ s mind . you , ” exclaimed morrel in a low voice , “ do not speak another word , count ; do not <unk> my punishment . ” . ’ s reply , aramis seemed about to draw his sword , when athos prevented him . mousqueton were here he could tell you to a <unk> . ” she , “ i perfectly understand my grandfather ’ s meaning at all times . ” you of this conspiracy ? ” was , it seems , sufficiently glorious to allow itself to be ungrateful , and it was so for all services that did not date from the imperial period . man who loved her . ” not dare to speak aloud , <unk> you are afraid	48.65261459350586
? ” my dear girl , ” said the gascon , who sought for an excuse in his own eyes for breaking the promise he had made athos ; “ you must understand it would be <unk> not to accept such a positive invitation . with a lantern . yes , i thank you with all my heart , ” said valentine ; “ and if you doubt the sincerity of my gratitude , oh , then , ask haydée ! six pistoles ? ” sure it is quite transformed since last week . who understood provençal , begged the <unk> of marseilles to give them this bare and barren promontory , where , like the sailors of old , they had run their boats ashore . man	86.8515625
; besides , he is unarmed ; at the first word from his eminence the two soldiers about him would run to his assistance . ” ? ” exclaimed de winter . already upon the scent , ” resumed d ’ artagnan . he , “ there is a horse for my lackey , and my valise . ? ” timidly asked the old soldier . plank , took out a flask of wine , drank some , and then passed it to his companion . ? ” over , the coadjutor , without stopping to change his <unk> dress , took his way toward that old tower which he knew so well . ” said the queen , “ what the count <unk> ” and she opened	51.502437591552734
the letter and read : in serving , which were unintelligible to porthos , had , on the contrary , a terrible meaning for the clerks . ” said julie , remembering valentine , but whom , with a delicacy natural to women , she did not name before her brother . rank and fortune , and to begin this hard apprenticeship i must borrow from a friend the loaf i shall eat until i have earned one . ” said monte cristo ; “ i shall content myself with being presented to your sister and her husband , if you will do me the honor to introduce me ; but i can not accept the offer of anyone of these gentlemen , since my habitation is already	82.8940200805664
prepared . ” of la samaritaine struck six ; the four friends pleaded an engagement , and took leave of m. de tréville . m. de monte cristo either in the lobby or on the stairs . of which reached d ’ artagnan , reawakened in his heart a thousand sentiments , a thousand recollections that he had forgotten . of bracciano is one of the most delightful in rome , the duchess , one of the last <unk> of the <unk> , does its honors with the most consummate grace , and thus their _fêtes_ have a european celebrity . ” said the valet , “ in the same carriage as your majesties ? ” cambric ! ” ; he had taken revenge on mazarin and had	87.66783905029297
aided in his father ’ s deliverance from prison . , and continued to descend . strange that it should not have occurred to me before ! ; we know all about that . ” it . he wrote to his wife , sending her the order for the thousand pistoles , and charging her to send him , in exchange , his most skillful apprentice , an <unk> of diamonds , of which he gave the names and the weight , and the necessary tools . , that explains all . way , had made no <unk> in the path he had marked out for himself . ever . ” cried both young men . my pretty <unk> ! ’ received dantès on board with a certain	85.55199432373047
degree of distrust . the count , carelessly ; “ for the other ( he glanced at the tablets as if to recall the name ) , for peppino , called rocca priori . will be extremely welcome . ” goat-skin , and peppino , <unk> the door , again began eating his peas and bacon . in my arms and shoulders , ” answered porthos with gratified naivete . day received a letter , stating that the <unk> of his son now offered to restore him , or at least to give notice where he might be found , on condition of receiving a large sum of money , by way of ransom . , speak . ” the barricade was opened , and the marshal ,	117.18773651123047
with the remnant of his company , retreated , preceded by friquet and his bandits , some of them making a presence of beating drums and others imitating the sound of the trumpet . , let us suppose it is providence . man whose face is not unknown to me . , then upon both . murmured the priest . he , “ is it you , captain ? to kiss . ” the banker ’ s usual punctuality , the eighty thousand francs were placed in the young man ’ s hands , as he was on the point of starting , after having left two hundred francs for caderousse . ” said she ; “ he has a right to pay the dowry , which i	55.783660888671875
shall take with me to some convent ! ” she ever existed ? ” replied cromwell . ” said he . said , making a low bow , “ why did you not begin by saying that , monsieur mordaunt ? , ” replied the magistrate , “ rely upon every reparation being made ; meanwhile , i am the bearer of an order of arrest , and although i most reluctantly perform the task assigned me , it must , nevertheless , be fulfilled . she added , “ count , will you oblige me with your arm ? ” the glass ; he uttered a cry . my <unk> , it is worth more than morcerf ’ s . ” by some invisible influence towards the	81.78963470458984
count , in which terror was strangely mingled , felt an extreme reluctance to permit his friend to be exposed alone to the singular fascination that this mysterious personage seemed to exercise over him , and therefore made no objection to albert ’ s request , but at once accompanied him to the desired spot , and , after a short delay , the count joined them in the salon . the purpose of <unk> milady , ” said athos , coolly , “ it is useless ; you will not find her . ” danglars , darting at edmond a look gleaming with hate . thou shalt be hidden here , though i risk by concealing thee neither more nor less than my <unk> , if it	126.94056701660156
was found out that i gave one rebel an asylum . ” too weak to use this sword , raoul , so much the better . are all devoted to him . ” to me , athos , ” said he . repeated the count . which now threatens you will pursue you everywhere ; your servants will be seduced with gold , and death will be offered to you disguised in every shape . my friend , ” replied the abbé ; “ god may seem sometimes to forget for a time , while his justice reposes , but there always comes a moment when he <unk> <unk> proof ! ” when d ’ artagnan stretched out his hand to receive it , m. de tréville was	77.33712005615234
highly astonished to see his _protégé_ make a sudden spring , become crimson with passion , and rush from the cabinet crying , “ s ’ blood , he shall not escape me this time ! ” he , “ up to this <unk> it is now more than four-and-twenty years since i received the direction of this house from my father , who had himself conducted it for five-and-thirty <unk> has anything bearing the signature of morrel & son been dishonored . ” she stopped . was revenged . , my dear monsieur bartolomeo ? ” my friend ; but take care or you will lose that letter which is peeping from your doublet , and which also comes , no doubt , from your publisher .	152.45301818847656
” and try to make barrois drink the rest of this glass of ether and water . and as , in all these evolutions , he did not let fall the lantern , the light showed his pale and altered countenance . of the world , and had , moreover , mixed in the first society of the day ; he wore an air of melancholy dignity which dantès , thanks to the imitative powers bestowed on him by nature , easily acquired , as well as that outward polish and politeness he had before been wanting in , and which is seldom possessed except by those who have been placed in constant intercourse with persons of high birth and breeding . shall be with the comte de	147.6470184326172
la fere , and to-morrow your majesty shall have a definite reply . ” singularly assisted . ” stranger time to pronounce his name before the count was apprised of his arrival . twenty times the lines traced by the hand of his beautiful mistress . madame de villefort , “ the door was towards the road before , and on the day of my miraculous escape you brought me into the house from the road , i remember . ” on the ground with their legs crossed like turks , or even <unk> . bonds in his pocket with one hand , while with the other he held out the receipt to danglars . duke that at the moment he <unk> grimaud for his part in it	70.98515319824219
; but on reflection he hated him more and more , being convinced he had some evil motive for his conduct . have still a certain amount of it to expend this evening ? ” except the head , which lay on the table . not ask you to tell me , ” said mazarin , astounded by this returning courage . ” inquired caderousse with a look of surprise . a most curious one . ” poet , i beg of you . ” meet in paris ? ” the officer , and left the room . : “ go , monsieur , ” he said ; “ ride fast and give this letter to monsieur de grammont . ” ” replied caderousse , “ that i	42.570980072021484
can answer for , you did not . , ” replied d ’ artagnan , with a reflective air ; “ and what do you suspect ? ” the last irresolution in the heart of d ’ artagnan . monsieur , ” replied the <unk> “ a little beyond <unk> ; a charming situation , in the heart of the bois de boulogne . ” for you , m. bertuccio , ” said he ; “ i am desirous of having an estate by the <unk> in <unk> instance , between le havre and boulogne . gentlemen ? ” asked mazarin . is absolutely in custody ? ” said the marquise . endeavor to get to the end of our story , beauchamp ; i told you that	37.02158737182617
yesterday madame made inquiries of me upon the subject ; enlighten me , and i will then communicate my information to her . ” adieu , my beloved protector . ” knew that from one day to the other he might expect to be removed from his command by the duc d ’ angoulême , by bassompierre , or by schomberg , who were all eager for his post , did but little , lost his days in <unk> , and did not dare to attempt any great enterprise to drive the english from the isle of ré , where they still besieged the citadel st. martin and the fort of la prée , as on their side the french were besieging la rochelle . . said aramis	117.7006607055664
, “ there are questions between them at this very moment . so much , and so well , that the poor girl , who asked nothing better than to believe him , did believe him . me to show you several fine statues by <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> ? —all foreign artists , for , as you may perceive , i think but very <unk> of our french <unk> . ” rode forward and desired the sentinel to call monsieur de villequier . , to inform you , sir , at the request of m. de villefort , that your projected marriage with mademoiselle de villefort has changed the feeling of m. noirtier towards his grandchild , and that he <unk> her entirely of the	84.9460678100586
fortune he would have left her . you attribute this conduct ? ” you will not see him ; he is <unk> engaged , and dines with the chief <unk> . ” said d ’ artagnan to himself , “ i believe he has become more gascon than i am ! ” then aloud : “ well , my dear aramis , do you ask me why i came to seek you ? ” ” said mazarin , “ you must understand that if i ask this service from you it is with the intention of being grateful . ” of which raoul had so often heard the comte de la fere speak , except that its aspect had much changed since the period when athos had himself	48.70708084106445
been part of it ; therefore everything which the count de guiche related was new to his traveling companion . <unk> been allowed a fire , burned the letter , but kept the ball , and went to bed , hiding the ball under his bolster . , viscount , if you please ; i do not <unk> m. <unk> least , not as concerns m. danglars . ” of a republic , a kingdom , and an empire ? ” albert cast his eyes on the passport , then raised them in astonishment to beauchamp . ” thought d ’ artagnan . again , nearer and more distinct . bertuccio . d ’ avrigny to villefort , so loud that all might hear , “ poor barrois	123.40900421142578
has led too <unk> a life of late ; accustomed formerly to ride on horseback , or in the carriage , to the four corners of europe , the monotonous walk around that armchair has killed <unk> blood has <unk> . the door shut and the shutters barred ; the dogs became in their turn silent . thing . ” franz to the count , “ with this theory , which renders you at once judge and executioner of your own cause , it would be difficult to adopt a course that would forever prevent your falling under the power of the law . ’ artagnan and porthos had been ushered was separated from the drawing-room where the queen was by tapestried curtains only , and this thin	149.78237915039062
partition enabled them to hear all that passed in the adjoining room , whilst the aperture between the two hangings , small as it was , permitted them to see . man to abandon an old servant , and when mousqueton rose above the water , blind as a new-born <unk> , he found he was supported by the large hand of porthos and that he was thus enabled , without having occasion even to move , to advance toward the cable with the dignity of a very <unk> . and at a loss what to do . prisoner that i wish to speak to your grace , ” replied felton . stupefied , without his doublet , and with his head bound up in a linen cloth	90.60641479492188
, arose then , and urged by the host , began to descend the stairs ; but on arriving at the kitchen , the first thing he saw was his antagonist talking calmly at the step of a heavy carriage , drawn by two large norman horses . the whole night thus . half a million and , although such a loan is somewhat rare , on my honor , you would annoy me less ! remembrance of monsieur the cardinal . whither he went ? ” than a league and had begun to <unk> the first houses of the village , the <unk> roofs of which stood out from the green trees which surrounded them , when , coming toward them mounted on a mule , they	122.32975006103516
perceived a poor monk , whose large hat and gray worsted dress made them take him for an augustine brother . you are punctual , thank you ! ” better . ” is my friend , has just escaped from a serious danger , ” continued aramis , with <unk> , pointing to d ’ artagnan with his hand , and addressing the two ecclesiastics . olivain to athos , “ has been done according to your directions ; the horses are waiting . ” felton , “ we are safe . ” ? ” said the president , stupefied , and without noticing the agitation which spread over the face of m. de villefort ; “ king ’ s attorney ? ” behind with a <unk> liquid	55.5085563659668
which the host recognized as his best olive oil . a man whose victim is likely to escape him ? bed . the most simple thing in the world , my dear sister . gestures , that that was well , and indicated to grimaud , by pointing to a <unk> that resembled a <unk> <unk> , that he was to stand as sentinel . hurry ? ” said the musketeer , as pale as a sheet . but the steward had sold the last <unk> . were now alone with a man who held by the bridles two horses ; they thought it was mousqueton and went up to him . erudition we are well acquainted with , evinced no more interest on hearing this quotation than	105.62226867675781
he had at that of m. de tréville in allusion to the gifts he pretended that d ’ artagnan had received from the duke of buckingham . , and if i occasionally become a confidant of the intrigues of others i am sure your eminence will approve of my keeping them secret . ” will not strike me as i go down . ” franz , “ then you are a smuggler occasionally , gaetano ? ” uncle ! ” he murmured . to be any distance from you when the carriage comes for you—at dinner or supper , for instance ? ” at each other and smiled ; they understood without speaking , their organizations were so delicate and sympathetic . hall , which was guarded by	91.56192016601562
the musketeers and <unk> . go back to the cardinal and ask him for a passport into all the convents one can find , even into the <unk> ? occupation , for i am so . ” increase ; the street was not able to contain the spectators who assembled from every direction ; the crowd invaded the space which the dreaded <unk> of the guards had till then kept clear between them and the carriage . your majesty has said , a ward , who is called the vicomte de bragelonne . ” write ! ” continued , renewing his fruitless search ; “ it shall not be said that such devotion to a grandson of henry iv . is that i awoke in bed in a	103.70294189453125
round chamber , the furniture of which was sumptuous , and into which light only penetrated by an opening in the ceiling . ” replied raoul , “ her fall is a very serious one , and without any ostensible injury , the physician fears she will be lame for life . ” if at last awakened ; the soldiers had come out of their tents and taken up their station in battle array . at this word , and beholding the man who so forcibly reminded her of her <unk> child , who still lived for her in valentine , she felt touched at the name of mother , and bursting into tears , she fell on her knees before an armchair , where she buried her	115.76879119873047
venerable head . by that pride of conscious innocence which is the <unk> to hope ; then he began to doubt his own innocence , which justified in some measure the governor ’ s belief in his mental alienation ; and then , <unk> his sentiment of pride , he addressed his <unk> , not to god , but to man . an interrogatory ! ” replied the cardinal . ? ” ” twenty sous over , making in all seven francs , are all that i have earned , and i ought to take ten to the owner . ” ” said the swiss . settled , do let me see the performance , and tell your friend albert not to come any more this evening ;	115.01415252685547
he will hurt himself with all his ill-chosen <unk> : let him go home and go to sleep . ” diamond to us only ? ” inquired caderousse , half bewildered with joy ; “ yes , nothing more true ! opening for a man to pass through . and went to work . ! ” cried the crowd . behind the chartreux , when it would have been better if you had been elsewhere . ’ s restoration , a visit was made by the inspector-general of prisons . today ? ” twelve sailors under me , and if you question them , they will tell you that they love and respect me , not as a father , for i am too young , but as	79.57875061035156
an elder brother . ” the four friends were all assembled with athos . twenty years previously had persecuted her so ruthlessly , stood before her , relating how his carriage had been <unk> , how he had been pursued and had rushed into the hotel d ’ o—— , that the hotel was immediately invaded , <unk> and <unk> ; happily he had time to reach a closet hidden behind tapestry , in which he was secreted by an old woman , together with his brother , the bishop of meaux . do , gentlemen ; for i was among those who seized him in the garden at amiens , into which monsieur putange , the queen ’ s equerry , introduced me . , and the	129.5282745361328
holy water ! monte cristo , “ you may believe me if you like , but it is my opinion that a crime has been committed in this house . ” vessel had almost overtaken them when , fortunately , night came on , and enabled them to double the cape of corsica , and so elude all further pursuit . been one <unk> if their four hearts had <unk> in one breast . ” monsieur . providing for the safety of the baroness by disposing of the horses , does not seem to have made the least impression on her . his commission . amongst them , in order to see some other face besides that of his jailer ; he sighed for the galleys , with	105.6326904296875
the infamous costume , the chain , and the brand on the shoulder . that ? ” ! of us is then true . , decided to come to england again , ” said lord de winter , “ in spite of the resolutions you so often expressed in paris never to set your feet on british ground ? ” the association for a time with his own means . the old man . ! ” again interposed some of the audience . ; then , more helpless than an infant , and <unk> and paler than marble , more crushed and broken than a <unk> trampled under foot , he fell back , doubled up in one last convulsion , and became as rigid as a corpse	103.77754211425781
. queen ; peace brought her abdication . face in her hands . dinner , when everyone , under the attraction of wine and in the warmth of conversation , believed they had two or three hours longer to enjoy themselves at table , aramis looked at his watch , arose with a <unk> smile , and took leave of the company , to go , as he said , to consult a casuist with whom he had an appointment . ’ artagnan ? ” de winter , “ provided i can find some of my good old friends of former times i will answer for anything . ” , ” said the young man . the queen , ” said aramis , “ we must first see	59.22572708129883
the cardinal ; and when we have seen the <unk> what i tell you , <unk> shall be reunited to our friends , but not in the way you wish . . excellency he is the most famous bandit we have had since the days of <unk> . ” instinct , —and although you pretend to know nothing about speculations , i think on the contrary , that your comprehension is very clear upon certain affairs , —well , you told me that your instinct led you to believe the grant would be given to the company called the southern . an order , conceived in these terms : the whole party , with vociferous <unk> . lord leven , crushed by shame , “ sire , we	118.24564361572266
are ready to give you every proof of our fidelity . ” mutton of the salt marshes , ” said porthos , smacking his lips . , and was no more heard of . , my friend ! ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ for heaven ’ s sake , don ’ t laugh , for upon my soul , it ’ s no laughing matter ! ” and her long hair swept the ground . thing which grieves me , ” observed the major , “ and that is the necessity for my leaving paris so soon . ” you , for example , that your father had no hand whatever in the defeat and death of the vizier ; or if by chance he had	64.08245086669922
, indeed , the misfortune to—— ” ” replied the citizen , giving a still fainter intonation to his voice . , armed with their swords , and athos and aramis , each carrying a concealed poniard , approached the house which for the time being was charles stuart ’ s prison . father is named m. de villefort , and i am ready to prove it . ” to milady the full extent of the space she had opened for herself by this single word . him at la <unk> , it could scarcely be worth while to gag him , as they had nearly reached the place of execution . a manner as to turn their backs on nobody . with asking d ’ artagnan if	109.35851287841797
he could do anything for him , but d ’ artagnan answered that he was supplied with all he wanted . of the admiralty , covered with dust , and streaming with perspiration . in order that he may not doubt , that he came there in the costume of the great <unk> , which the chevalier de guise was to have worn , and that he purchased this exchange for the sum of three thousand pistoles . ” ” ” he said , “ just before the death of the late cardinal , i received a letter from athos . angle of the gateway , so that if the porter chanced to awake he might see but one person . . ” property ! ” when a	49.72187805175781
thing completely surpasses my comprehension , i am accustomed not to dwell on that thing , but to pass to another . the young man , “ do you not come from paris , if you please ? ” replied porthos , “ it would be imprudent to attempt the same manoeuvre again ; it is said that no man can succeed twice in the same way , and a failure would be ruinous . , if there is no way of getting out of it . ” ” cried aramis and d ’ artagnan , at the same time . you before god , madame , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that if i am taken while accomplishing the orders you give me , i	40.305084228515625
will die sooner than do anything that may compromise anyone . ” he saw that the <unk> was not half empty . their story out , ” replied mousqueton . , he is in good hands . ” then ; and since he has chosen me as his interpreter , i will be faithful to the trust , and will not alter a word of his intentions . ” and i assure you . hand , and fought with his left hand . do you know the writing ? ” as he spoke , villefort drew the letter from his pocket , and presented it to dantès . extreme , and large drops of perspiration rolled from his heated brow . to-morrow morning at six o ’ clock	59.32072448730469
, louis , to bathe at <unk> ? restrained him , so powerful is the influence of a truly great character on all that surrounds it . procurator ’ s wife advanced toward the holy <unk> . ” answered the sergeant , <unk> . , certainly ; but then , you know , paleness is always looked upon as a strong proof of aristocratic descent and distinguished breeding . ” a thousand louis ; you save the lives of ladies of high rank and beauty ; under the name of major black you run <unk> ridden by <unk> urchins not larger than <unk> ; then , when you have carried off the golden trophy of victory , instead of setting any value on it , you give it	182.4125213623047
to the first handsome woman you think of ! ” circle of witty abbés and pretty women ; everything goes on smoothly , so certainly , dear friend , i shall not meddle in politics . ” ” replied the cardinal , dryly . thing . ” say that i received a letter almost to the same effect . ” . looked at athos , had taken on an expression that can not be described . fellow ! ” murmured caderousse . wind , and in a few minutes they were at the gates of london . with the queen ? ” my lord , you can not guess who it is ; all this happened long before you came into the country where this queen reigned .	72.5778579711914
) ” villefort “ i can truly say that i have always entertained a high respect for my father , because , to the natural feeling of relationship was added the consciousness of his moral superiority . diminished in size as it approached the outside , to an opening through which a child could not have passed , was , for better security , furnished with three iron bars , so as to quiet all apprehensions even in the mind of the most suspicious jailer as to the possibility of a prisoner ’ s escape . ; at least , nothing in good earnest . ” dantès , ” replied the young man calmly ; “ i am mate of the _pharaon_ , belonging to messrs. morrel &	140.41964721679688
son . ” alley leading out of the rue saint-jacques . hare , which i had killed yesterday in one of my <unk> . ” last trace of the preceding night ; and then supper , sinbad , hashish , statues , —all became a dream for franz . the divan ; chibouques with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> were within reach , and all prepared so that there was no need to smoke the same pipe twice . been placed here on purpose . ” deserted , and think you also poor , for i alone know your real financial position , and am quite ready to give up my accounts as an honest partner . ” me , ’ he said , ‘ to have my	135.79244995117188
guards provided with better horses ; for if they had been able to keep up with you and if each one of them had done as much as you and your friend , you would have kept your word and would have brought him back to me dead or alive . ’ ” morcerf and raoul de château-renaud to be present at this signature ; you know they are my witnesses . ” be doubled at the death of the old jacobin , noirtier . ” confidential conversation , ” returned valentine ; “ she was <unk> to me her repugnance to the marriage with m. de morcerf ; and i , on the other hand , was confessing to her how wretched it made me to think	80.22875213623047
of marrying m. d ’ épinay . ” had hardly turned the corner when porthos recognized them . personal ill-feeling towards the viscount , that is all i can say , sir , ” replied danglars , who resumed his insolent manner as soon as he perceived that morcerf was a little softened and calmed down . , ” said mazarin , placing a pen and a paper before her , “ you must ; ” then he added : “ sign , anne , i implore you—i command you . ” a good deed to kill my brother , who was a bonapartist , because you are a royalist . for the sake of the money , and on the road fear will prevent them from acting	72.35504913330078
. not go and see if your grandpapa will have his dinner ? ” eight in the evening the grand salon , the gallery adjoining , and the three other drawing-rooms on the same floor , were filled with a perfumed crowd , who <unk> but little in the event , but who all participated in that love of being present wherever there is anything fresh to be seen . ” the base man that has brought tears into your beautiful eyes ! ” rescue you . ” ; sign the liberation of milady de winter , ” said felton , holding out a paper to the duke . quarrel like a <unk> ! s room , two at the door between the rooms and two at that	88.20623779296875
by which the friends had entered . young men and placed them face to face with the prince . myself ; but watch over him. ” emmanuel looked around the room and caught sight of the pistols ; his eyes rested on the weapons , and he pointed to them . and tomorrow , when you awake , you shall find a collection of costumes with which you will be satisfied . ” than appeal for help ; but he could look , and with that look ask assistance . fear ? ” , ” said the count , in his kindest and most persuasive manner ; “ therefore do not make yourself uneasy on your brother ’ s account . ” i think so—in the street ,	83.6287841796875
” said athos ; and he looked smilingly at aramis , who looked at him with an expression of surprise . but what are you looking for ? me thus to fail in my word towards a gentleman like the count , who has all our lives in his hands ? monte cristo ; “ for that reason i wished to keep you near me . ” he added , turning to aramis , “ let us go . much at hearing the stories ; but vampa reassured her with a smile , tapping the butt of his good fowling-piece , which threw its ball so well ; and if that did not restore her courage , he pointed to a crow , <unk> on some dead branch	67.59121704101562
, took aim , touched the trigger , and the bird fell dead at the foot of the tree . account , surely , ” replied monte cristo ; “ for a man is above that sort of thing ? ” , who had now again become the friend and protector of mercédès , led the girl to her home , while some friends of dantès conducted his father , nearly lifeless , to the allées de meilhan . their good fortune in meeting such a man . the executioner , who in a few moments opened his eyes . not a gentleman , i ’ ll answer for it ; besides , he did not wear a sword , and the others treated him with small consideration	95.6613998413086
. ” head and bazin retired , after placing on the table the spanish wine . wholly personal : she was thinking only of villefort ’ s departure . ” a fresh reign of terror ? ” asked another . , it was not yours , then . ” hand athos made grimaud , who followed the little troop , understand everything , and they passed on like a whirlwind , d ’ artagnan still directing them from behind with his voice . ever a settled thing , ” said lucien , —and , considering that this remark was all that he was at that time called upon to make , he adjusted the glass to his eye , and biting the top of his gold headed cane	108.8054428100586
, began to make the tour of the apartment , examining the arms and the pictures . chamber , and had breakfast served . xxxviii . not put you to any inconvenience . ” i will be your comrade ; if you are old , i will be your son . us some ill turn ? as an abbé . ” cried d ’ artagnan . ” ! ” said porthos . man he exclaimed : they possess ? ” your carbine . ” sigh . you think that we ’ ve got them this time ? ” ” ? ” it not ? ” may be , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ i can not go thither in this guise . ” hangings , a	40.848323822021484
bed visited by the goddess <unk> ? on with a cry of joy . the door . began to cast up the accounts of his party , whose money he managed . , then , to that door ? ” to watch the effect of the shot , fell back hopeless , wringing his hands . carriage arrived . against myself ? that you are , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ instruct me , support me . correspondent redoubles his signals ; he is impatient . ” , ’ said la carconte ; ‘ i do not like open doors when it thunders . ’ the floor , his head leaning against the wall , and about him was a pool of blood which poured forth	77.58563232421875
from three large wounds in his breast ; there was a fourth gash , in which a long table knife was plunged up to the handle . his hôtel , buckingham sprang from his horse , and without thinking what became of the animal , threw the bridle on his neck , and sprang toward the vestibule . athos , “ are you jesting ? ” my friend , have you seen anything ? ” asked the gascon . it ! ” said he , with the resignation of a fanatic ; but without , however , being able to take his eyes from that ship , on board of which he doubtless fancied he could distinguish the white outline of her to whom he had sacrificed his	68.17522430419922
life . the cavalier was so animated that d ’ artagnan stopped on the other side of the carriage without anyone but the pretty _soubrette_ perceiving his presence . accompany you , ” said aramis , “ though i scarcely feel in a condition to mount on horseback . sure about the women , for they did not come in until after he had taken hashish , so that what he took for women might have been simply a row of statues . ” able to understand how all this is . ” heaven , ” said maximilian , “ if you know anything of him , tell us what it is . ” idea of the amount of your fortune ? ” young woman , who made	54.51557922363281
him a sign to follow her . home , i will give up all . till not one grain of gunpowder was <unk> . ” finish his sentence completely , and bowed in sign of assent . mazarin , “ i see it will be necessary for me to <unk> . ” my correspondent has disappeared . ! , ” said d ’ artagnan , and he presented the note to his comrades . sir , ” murmured milady , lowering her voice , and allowing herself to sink overpowered to the ground ; “ i have told my secret ! sirs . ” exclaimed d ’ artagnan , “ this proves to me that not till to-day has your majesty had a just idea of us .	57.870540618896484
” to government to cause a man ’ s disappearance without leaving any traces , so that no written forms or documents may defeat their wishes . ” count do ? ” they receive an unhappy king , who will bring such a sad story into a country already agitated by civil discord ? surprise at his friend . another in audacity and gaiety . something startling and ominous , ” said haydée , shaking her head and turning pale at the mere remembrance of the scene , “ in this long file of slaves and women only <unk> from sleep , or at least so they appeared to me , who was myself scarcely awake . hope , ” said danglars , “ but consider it a	167.71766662597656
settled thing , if no obstacle arises on your part . ” haydée , do you believe you shall be able to accustom yourself to our present mode of life ? ” was over ; we had done the business of both , admiring the foresight of our poor father , who had taken the precaution to bring each of us up in a different religion . ” him ! mother , when you see me return with an embroidered uniform ! alone ? ” asked morrel , after he had read it . , knelt as a priest might have done before a crucifix , and opened the casket . so , and i say it again . ” it will not require very much more than	90.51702880859375
the <unk> of wills . as king ’ s attorney , all the advantages of which he <unk> with marvellous skill , and which he would not have resigned but to be made deputy , and thus to replace neutrality by opposition . which he spoke . he had been imprisoned , what might he not have accomplished ? , and then returned a sign in the affirmative . with passion , without even <unk> a look at the gold which sparkled on the table . road , took the path he had before taken , and reaching the ferry , interrogated the boatman . and therefore i said , ‘ were our object money only ; ’ but we want something else , ” replied the gascon	86.8664321899414
. over the <unk> of the saddle , as he was wont to do when he wished to have both hands free , <unk> the letter of madame de longueville and started at a gallop on the road to lens , attended by raoul and his small escort , whilst messengers sent to recall the troops set out with a loose rein in other directions . of his bed , and wrapped it round him . to-morrow at stuart ’ s , the next day with me . ” who should happen to contradict my master at this moment , ” said mousqueton to himself ; “ i wouldn ’ t give a farthing for his life . ” discovered <unk> , ordinarily the most inventive of the	92.2826919555664
four ; but it must be also said that the very name of milady paralyzed him . she was twice married , once in france , the second time in england . ” him the day i had the honor of receiving you ; he has been a soldier , a <unk> fact , everything . and beauchamp read , with more attention than at first , the lines denounced by his friend . the staircase , and listened . together . almost wild . , ” said andrea , “ in consideration of lord wilmore , by whom i was recommended to you—— ” that i have a good reason , but that it is difficult to explain . ” be the use of all i have	55.115440368652344
suffered ? <unk> a single detail of this fearful scene escaped them . ? ” asked valentine . all aspects were clothed happily , all ideas wore a smile , all shades were <unk> . be a baron . ” that albert resided in the <unk> street , appeared every day on the fashionable walk , and dined frequently at the only <unk> where you can really dine , that is , if you are on good terms with its waiters . were at dammartin , but it was then too late to make <unk> host of the <unk> de la <unk> had gone to bed . attempted on both sides , without effect ; sparks were emitted from the swords like water spouting forth . but m.	172.21286010742188
de tréville launched it with knowledge of his cause . the same time making a hole in the wall . ” ” became paler than the man who had brought the news . , ” replied m. de tréville , “ that you should undertake so long a journey without that necessary passport , the sole resource of us poor béarnese . ” the french say , ” returned signor pastrini , somewhat piqued ; “ for that reason , i do not understand why they travel . ” be in , wait for me . ” is all . and retired without speaking a word . , but wait at rueil , for my conviction is that they are at rueil . d ’ artagnan ; “	58.476722717285156
he has already given me good information and he may do the same again . ” monsieur laporte , the queen ’ s <unk> de <unk> . ” , ’ said he ; ‘ today arrives the firman of the master , and my fate will be decided . without any formality ? ” the bed , to seek the only defense i had <unk> saving knife ; but i could not reach the bolster . of <unk> a musketeer ! my dear porthos . ” ” continued the count , “ that he followed and watched you the whole time , and when he saw you leave the house , ran to the angle of the wall to conceal himself . ” him all that could be	63.41196060180664
done . you , albert , ” replied franz , “ the count is a very singular person , and the appointment you have made to meet him in paris fills me with a thousand apprehensions . ” of horror and rushed toward the gibbet , which he broke at once and threw the pieces out of the window . to him ! ” he , “ if monsieur d ’ artagnan will surrender his sword to me and join his word to yours , i shall be satisfied with your promise to convey monsieur d ’ artagnan to the quarters of monseigneur the cardinal . ” death , as might have been foreseen . ” said porthos , “ let us say no more upon the subject	43.43729782104492
, i beg of you . given me this evening the best advice i have ever received . you are to say so , valentine ! pass , ” he said ; “ they are friends of the duc de beaufort . ” friend , we will go forward . ” city being formed by the city itself , nothing threatening presented itself to disturb this concert of universal hatred or <unk> the frequent <unk> of <unk> lips . , ” said d ’ artagnan . armentières . ” the cardinal , and your opinions will be held ever sacred by me . to preserve silence , to discreetly set off to accomplish her difficult mission with her usual skill ; and then , all things being accomplished	87.73043823242188
to the satisfaction of the cardinal , to come to him and claim her vengeance . that i believe i know him . ” not been mistaken , and i thank you that there is still one man in france of whom may be said , without disappointment , what i have said of you . ” , but a wife , —good heavens ! ” said he , after having vainly searched on the mantle-piece and the <unk> , “ i have not got any candles . ” the commissary , disappeared by the inside staircase , accompanied by the noise which his assertions respecting andrea had excited in the crowd . attention of the priest to the living as well as to the dead , and	54.65032196044922
the abbé promised to devote his prayers to valentine and his attentions to noirtier . four very well , will you accompany us ? ” ” said monte cristo , judging from the steward ’ s utter prostration that he could not stretch the cord further without danger of breaking it . want faithful servants . will both charge together , force the enemy ’ s line and throw ourselves into the tyne , which we must cross , either by fording or swimming ; if , on the contrary , any repulse should take place , you and your men must fight to the last man , whilst we and the king proceed on our road . not understand ; what do you mean ? ” stammered	121.38969421386719
the unhappy woman , completely overwhelmed . , who replied that nothing could be more easy than to prepare a supper when they had in their boat , bread , wine , half a dozen partridges , and a good fire to roast them by . hundred and ninety-one were royalists ? ” asked athos . like franz , viewed his position in its true light , it was a grave one . château-renaud , “ <unk> . albert ; “ but let us walk . and returned in an instant with a corporal and four soldiers . he , “ i think it just possible dantès may have been detected with some trifling article on board ship considered here as contraband . ” , then ? ”	113.59373474121094
something definite , ” said athos ; “ let us go to the peacock . ” ’ s face had not remained unperceived by the banker ; he fixed on him a look of greater assurance than before , and said : ” cried aramis . give them to him . ” ” of extraordinary admiration . that great , that sublime king , henry , of whom you have just spoken , he would be much surprised at so little pity for his family being united to such a profound admiration of himself . ” ? ” asked he , after a moment of silence . strode down three or four stairs , but at athos ’ s last remark he stopped short . moment . porthos	65.3570556640625
, “ it is always that . from the house at the same moment her guest entered from the stairs , and the appearance of the worthy lady relieved him from an awkward embarrassment . the necks of their horses . her head , opened her eyes , and sighed deeply . of triumphant ferocity . felt the heat of the flames . , the only one we can give . ” has an open look about him that pleases me , in spite of the singular remark he has made about me . ” will be progressing , events will succeed each other ; things which in the evening look dark and obscure , appear but too clearly in the light of morning , and sometimes the	106.21611785888672
utterance of one word , or the lapse of a single day , will reveal the most cruel calumnies . ” yes ; my mother is not woman , but <unk> woman . ” at having beaten a prince of the blood . ” he asked . that in a tone that frightens me ! ” back ! ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ be off , you little villain , and forget not that i have your address . ” command over himself , dantès could not restrain his <unk> . send it back ? ” to give me the studs without the casket ? ” before all who are here . ” me start when you said the other day , at m. de morcerf	65.22299194335938
’ s , that messrs. thomson & french were your bankers . impression on mordaunt . my word ; and you hurt me <unk> , i can tell you . abbé threw off his wig , shook his head , and his hair , no longer confined , fell in black masses around his manly face . out of the way , and leave things for the present to take their course . ” make a tour of the world ; things take a different name , and the vulgar do not follow <unk> is all ; but there is always the same result . pastrycooks to do with us ? ” said she , “ and when the next waiter passes , insist upon his taking something	89.8235855102539
. ” was ill , and i wished to bring her help , ” responded the maid , frightened at the terrible expression which had come over her mistress ’ s face . it was left on board . ” five minutes after . ’ ” , monsieur , and had succeeded to the business of my poor father . nothing about the matter , that the orders i had received did not come from him , and that if i had the audacity to mention his name as being concerned in this disturbance he would have me hanged . often wish for what is impossible . ” ; that is all i have to say today . is struggling in the convulsions of death , a vulture	70.90071868896484
is flying by ( there are a good many <unk> in adelmonte ’ s country ) ; this bird darts on the dead fowl , and carries it away to a rock , where it dines off its prey . artagnan ’ s practice , ever since the <unk> , to sleep in the same room as porthos , and on this <unk> morning he was still there , sleeping , and dreaming that a yellow cloud had overspread the sky and was <unk> gold pieces into his hat , which he held out till it was overflowing with pistoles . me ? ” word of what i ’ m going to say to you , porthos . artagnan found to his own taste in the rue tiquetonne	117.55465698242188
at the sign of the roe . it was in his majesty , did not prevent the courtiers from ranging themselves along his pathway . to-day what formerly the gentleman you do not know did for the queen ? ” only it seems to me that your majesty goes too far in engaging to load us with a friendship so far above our merit . i command you . ’ , but i may be prevented . ” shot rarely hits his man , for he fires with the apprehension of being disarmed , before an armed foe ; then , whilst he fires , make your horse rear ; that manoeuvre has saved my life several times . ” being a count . ” said the count	141.51800537109375
, “ we know so little of each other . ” soup , were about to lift the first glass of wine to their lips , when all at once the cannon sounded from fort louis and fort neuf . fireplace in my dungeon , ” replied faria , “ but it was closed up long ere i became an occupant of this prison . the <unk> , or st. <unk> countries , where the point of honor is better understood than among our hot-headed parisians . to complain of him . ” permitting a single <unk> of his face to betray what he felt , and his smile remained as it ever <unk> and flattering ; and when the queen finished speaking , he said : with	122.8404541015625
agony ; her glassy eyes had no longer their sight ; a convulsive shuddering shook her whole body ; the sweat rolled from her brow . interval , cocles appeared . i have studied it in all its forms and in the effects which it produces . doctor , ” said the procureur , “ heaven declares itself against my house ! he reflected . to whom i had promised the interest of this sum , shall receive it , even if i endure the most cruel privations . ” the future chancellor . planchet . ” will of his <unk> visitor . recurred to his proposed interview with the queen . ; and yet , sir , you may make me even happier than i am .	120.50431823730469
” active part in the return from elba . the count , “ and announce me . ” ’ s pardon , ” interposed the steward in a deprecating manner , “ for venturing to observe that it is already two o ’ clock . ” will be there . ” with him and the count of morcerf , so you see i have some high connections and were i to cultivate them a little , we might meet in the same drawing-rooms . ” this <unk> ? _ ” inquired aramis . sire . ” the general , as if branded with a hot iron , “ wretch , —to reproach me with my shame when about , perhaps , to kill me ! us not leave	72.52689361572266
england before the crisis . lord de winter , ” said patrick . see this young lady , for whom i already feel so great a sympathy ? ” asked milady . a cardinal . , then ? ” ; do not be lost with me . along . ” letter , when his wife entered . supper you can , and especially give us some good wine . ” now for the honor of france ! ” and the two englishmen who were nearest to them fell , mortally wounded . hear , fellow ? ” over villefort during the examination , the destruction of the letter , the exacted promise , the almost supplicating tones of the magistrate , who seemed rather to implore mercy than	87.75993347167969
to pronounce punishment , —all returned with a stunning force to his memory . replied the president , bowing with profound respect , ‘ allow me to ask one question ; it shall be the last : can you prove the authenticity of what you have now stated ? ’ have our horses saddled at the end of the first street . the hall , the thick veil which concealed her face dropped off , and madame danglars was recognized . villefort , ” cried the president , “ do you yield to an hallucination ? stopped at the beginning , and was he to wait inactive until his fellow workman had completed his task ? to play the devil ’ s game to-night . ” me ,	105.658935546875
” said franz ; “ i am a friend of the count ’ s . ” will fall upon the head of whoever wrought it . ” to avoid meeting him , my mother and i left town . ” . ” and , my faith , my seventy-five pistoles passed from my pocket to his , without reckoning my horse , which he won into the bargain . enough , my most excellent host , and you may rely upon me to proclaim so striking a proof of your attention to your guests wherever i go . the pioneers , there are four soldiers and a brigadier , armed with muskets . ” solemnity in this interrogation . did so at caderousse ’ s ideas . and	87.09861755371094
kissed his brow . the principle of horace , <unk> <unk> , had contented himself with showing his knowledge by declaring in what lake the best lampreys were caught . beauchamp ; “ the absurd reports have died away , and should they be renewed , i would be the first to oppose them ; so let us speak no more of it . ” also , ” replied albert ; “ and i very much fear you will go alone to the duke of bracciano ’ s ball . ” fellow , you know i am starving , ” said debray : “ do not set him off on some long story . ” said monte cristo , rubbing his elbow , “ it ’ s all	73.19328308105469
your servant ’ s fault ; your stairs are so polished , it is like walking on glass . ” queen remain out of the chamber ? ” i can not , must not be guilty of such a sin . ” i must scorn . to inform my wife ? ” said he . require them , bertuccio will sell them , and he expects to realize thirty or forty thousand francs by the sale . ” the doctor , after a moment ’ s silence , “ i will wait . ” had been caught wandering nearer to the harem of the bey of tunis than etiquette permits to one of his color , and he was condemned by the bey to have his tongue cut	104.70030975341797
out , and his hand and head cut off ; the tongue the first day , the hand the second , and the head the third . , ” said planchet , presenting the billet to the young man . , impatient , as has been said , had come by forced <unk> , and had that moment arrived with all his household and a reinforcement of ten thousand troops . sum he was as well lodged , and as perfectly shut out from observation , as the inhabitants of the finest mansion in the faubourg st. germain . i believe so ; for until now , no man has found himself in a position similar to mine . may not take advantage of this rendezvous to seize	87.9408187866211
us ? ” ” to the most horrible tortures he could imagine , and found them all insufficient , because after torture came death , and after death , if not repose , at least the boon of <unk> . ” refund of any money paid by a user who notifies you in writing ( or by e-mail ) within 30 days of receipt that s/he does not agree to the terms of the full project gutenberg™ license . , monsieur the curate of montdidier , and i are <unk> certain theological questions in which we have been much interested ; i shall be delighted to have your opinion . ” if caderousse was alone , to acquaint him with my presence , finish the meal the custom-house	118.66962432861328
officers had interrupted , and profit by the threatened storm to return to the rhône , and ascertain the state of our vessel and its crew . ’ s son had run a great chance of being suffocated , one of the rioters having proposed to squeeze him until he gave up all the gold he had swallowed . brute ! ” said aramis . yourself of the merit of doing so at once ? ” , as the three fugitives perceived by the night breeze which rushed into the corridor and blew the wind into their faces . better days . ” ; a sun-dial could not have shown the hour with greater precision . the door to the house , or from the house to the	96.29635620117188
door , m. de villefort would be obliged to pass by one of these clumps of trees . silence . the comte de la fere . ” for <unk> to be seen by this fellow , ” continued the stranger . this horrible secret ? ” said de winter ; “ well , then , so be it . ” the remedy i propose , and only ask you to permit me to assure you of its <unk> . ” you alone in this abominable country . ” , monsieur , ” said the count of morcerf , saluting monte cristo with a smile , “ and monsieur has rendered our house , in preserving its only heir , a service which <unk> him our eternal gratitude .	50.63882827758789
” at his house ; it had taken him six minutes to perform the distance , but these six minutes were sufficient to induce twenty young men who knew the price of the equipage they had been unable to purchase themselves , to put their horses in a gallop in order to see the rich foreigner who could afford to give 20,000 francs apiece for his horses . time the sacred words : ‘ god is great ! ’ however , my mother had still some hope . the officer , and upon his refusal , uttered such pitiable cries that the officer told him that if he continued to <unk> him thus , he should put a gag in his mouth . so , although inclination might	123.3237075805664
lead her to do so , but we shall take your eminence to paris , and the parisians will defend us . ” to laugh <unk> in another manner . ” own crime had alone been presented to his mind ; now another object , not less terrible , suddenly presented itself . with four ? ” nor killed , nor murdered . ” ! ” said a loud voice from the staircase , which porthos had just mounted . on the matter . saw the figure of the corsican between the branches . favor . ” to take him with him , as he would require an assistant priest in case the king should wish to communicate . in line with his company , saluted with an	85.05023193359375
expressive gesture his three friends , whose eyes soon discovered him , and m. de tréville , who detected him at once . against so many things , my lord . groups , assumed the command of one , gave the second to aramis , and the third to porthos ; and then each group went and took their watch near an entrance . eyes blindfolded , and was waited on by <unk> and by women to whom cleopatra was a painted strumpet . d ’ épinay , ” said he ; “ you requested to see him . coolness of his nation , addressed him in terms nearly similar to those with which he had accosted the mayor of marseilles . , scarcely twenty-three years old .	117.86959838867188
make ? ” said porthos . god when he is striking you dead ? your heart , morrel , and ask it whether you ought to preserve this melancholy exterior towards me . ” me clouds which pressed my brow , which veiled my eyes ; this was delirium . . ” father was not allowed to fall . to him as coming from you ? ” here on his own account , for i have heard that these gentlemen born beyond the <unk> are very vindictive . make their way through one of the gallery windows , and to let themselves down from the outer walls by means of the abbé ’ s ladder of cords . . second . ” , who was not completely taken	105.64341735839844
in by d ’ artagnan ’ s <unk> . he , with dignity , “ there will shortly be a ball at the hôtel de ville . going to take him in ? before some copies of albano and <unk> that had been passed off to the banker as <unk> ; but which , mere copies as they were , seemed to feel their degradation in being brought into <unk> with the <unk> colors that covered the ceiling . the island trembled to its base , and that it would , like a vessel at anchor , break <unk> , and bear him off into the centre of the storm . friend , yet andrea frequently inquired of people on foot whom he passed and at the inns	138.35890197753906
which were not yet closed , for a green cabriolet and bay horse ; and as there are a great many <unk> to be seen on the road to the low countries , and as <unk> of them are green , the inquiries increased at every step . the poor mother , who tried every means , “ when i call you edmond , why do you not call me mercédès ? ” . , ” exclaimed athos , laughing , in spite of himself , at the <unk> of the irresistible gascon ; “ for you see the bright side of everything . ” it will be time to act . ” a closet , which was entirely dark , and led d ’ artagnan into it	66.5626449584961
. athos , “ he whom we send must possess in himself alone the four qualities united . ” ” said the baroness , while the two young people were shaking hands , “ i and eugénie are come to be the first to announce to you the approaching marriage of my daughter with prince <unk> ” danglars kept up the title of prince . eyes to heaven with so fervent an expression of gratitude , that the count fancied he saw tears in them . <unk> camp all the resources heaven has left me , and i write to you in haste from thence . said the duke , raising it still six inches higher , “ jump for the king . ” self-command , not suffering	103.26432037353516
the faintest indication of a smile to escape him at the enumeration of all the benefits he would have <unk> had he been able to quit the island ; but as _la jeune amélie_ had merely come to monte cristo to fetch him away , he embarked that same evening , and proceeded with the captain to leghorn . be hard to <unk> considering , ” continued athos , throwing a glance at aramis , “ the chances that may come to us on the way . ” saved one of us from <unk> angel came from heaven , if not to make us friends ( which , alas , fatality renders impossible ) , at least to make us esteem each other . ” he would content	123.52191925048828
himself the morrow with witnessing the carnival from the windows of the rospoli palace . mouston , ” he said , “ rest satisfied . and i will die with that hope . ” all , ” said athos to d ’ artagnan , “ my friend , that i may shake hands with you—you , our <unk> , the true hero of us all . ” ” an aperture , arranged as a window to let in the night air , his eyes mechanically following the course of the moon , <unk> veiled , as we before observed , by heavy clouds . could not arrive in time to cross the ferry with the travelers , halted to wait for olivain . , ‘ nothing too much	85.6382827758789
’ ? ? ” escaped ? ” my lord , and we—we will reflect . ” . clock when he threw himself on the bed . the man , the king would have been rescued . ” from yanina . ” being given or his place of destination indicated , the coachman set off at a rapid pace , and plunged into the streets of the city . good fellow , that i would do more <unk> by the means of gold than you and all your troop could effect with stilettos , pistols , carbines , and blunderbusses included . , ” said the sergeant . . officer , ‘ do not disturb yourselves ; allow me time just to kill this gentleman , and i will	68.38704681396484
return and finish the last couplet . ’ of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.f.3 , this work is provided to you ‘ as-is ’ , with no other warranties of any kind , express or implied , including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for any purpose . enough , gentlemen ; please to understand , that ’ s enough . masquerade costumes of blue and white satin . trademark license , especially commercial redistribution . considerable interest will take place the day after tomorrow at two o ’ clock , as is customary at rome at the commencement of all great <unk> . than i promise , ” said dantès . fetch our <unk> , ” said d ’ artagnan ,	129.91197204589844
“ and when we come back , master mazarin will sign them . ” it ? ” overcame all difficulties with a <unk> majesty ’ s order ; and , in spite of the protestations which the master of ceremonies made for the honor of his office and principles , villefort was introduced . interrogated the countess , and received from her a gracious smile in token that he would be welcome , sought not to retard the gratification of albert ’ s eager impatience , but began at once the tour of the house , closely followed by albert , who availed himself of the few minutes required to reach the opposite side of the theatre to settle the height and smoothness of his collar , and	109.99230194091797
to arrange the <unk> of his coat . artagnan and porthos conducted mazarin to the queen ; and the one received his commission , the other his patent of nobility . murmured monte cristo . wanted misfortune to change my love for you to admiration . , ’ cried the men ; ‘ keep your innocent stories to tell to the judge at nîmes . d ’ artagnan ; “ no , i confess it . the guns of the louvre announced the departure of the king , and then a movement , similar to that of trees in a stormy wind that bend and writhe with agitated tops , ran though the multitude , which was compressed behind the immovable muskets of the guard . said one	97.75792694091797
of the men , descending a little path leading out of the <unk> way . ” cried he ; “ what do you want , you strumpet ? dressed ; she is quite ready , and wishes to know if she is to accompany you , sir ? ” load for a man seeking to escape . ” matter for a woman so really superior as she was . an inspector . of what we can , and not of what we will . ” revolutionary period , in the midst of which we were born , without some stain of infamy or blood to soil the uniform of the soldier , or the gown of the magistrate . ” six o ’ clock with as much impatience	65.20020294189453
as the duke himself . xxvii . in hand , said to him : , ” said the young scamp , as he tore some beautiful portraits out of a splendid album , “ the individual who took cream in his cup of poison every morning at breakfast . ” a game at tennis , la ramee . ” . , ” replied the young girl , “ for it is but right you should know . . so . ” bonacieux , “ they took good care not to tell me that ; and my wife , on her part , has sworn to me by all that ’ s sacred that she does not know . albert , “ that you have seen all my treasures	64.56830596923828
, allow me to offer them to you , unworthy as they are . ’ s . aramis . cartilages of the heads of these <unk> , and you can scarcely imagine the delight with which i welcomed the arrival of each wednesday , <unk> , and saturday , as affording me the means of increasing my stock of pens ; for i will freely confess that my <unk> labors have been my greatest solace and relief . for this key which she always kept , and which was only taken from her in childhood as a punishment ? the wine old , the fire clear and sparkling , and andrea was surprised to find himself eating with as good an appetite as though nothing had happened .	178.21693420410156
” ” she said ; “ oh , sir , what a misfortune ! that that abduction was entirely political ? ” at the same time perfectly understood that he should have been duly fortified against the poison to which he had not been accustomed . ” man appeared at the gate , covered with dust , entered the courtyard , leaped from his horse , which he consigned to the charge of a groom , and then went to greet the count and d ’ artagnan . this time a fresh <unk> was left with <unk> . have now reached the moment of decision . , doctor , you shall not have to reproach me with weakness . king from being as complacent to him as possible	53.58360290527344
whenever he met him , or from asking in the kindest tone , “ well , monsieur cardinal , how fares it with that poor jussac and that poor bernajoux of yours ? ” the great cardinal ! ” said porthos . when we are about to separate , and you are no longer jealous of me— ” all four together . . <unk> , and found the pocket-book in the drawer , and in it the letter of credit . significant manner in which the whole party pointed to my blood-stained garments , i involuntarily surveyed myself , and then i discovered that the thick warm drops that had so <unk> me as i lay beneath the staircase must have been the blood of la carconte .	113.98575592041016
cried . , ” replied villefort ; “ he is quite sure that his wishes will be held sacred by me ; besides , he understands that in my position i can not plead against the <unk> ” the eye of noirtier beamed with triumph . scarron , “ he may die now . ” given proof of this ; for , approaching the animals , who had been got upon their legs with considerable difficulty , he rubbed their <unk> and nostrils with a <unk> <unk> in <unk> <unk> , and wiped off the sweat and foam that covered their mouths . my poor felton . memory , ” said mazarin . sign that order without remorse ? ” coward , ” murmured d ’ artagnan ;	84.12805938720703
“ but <unk> was very beautiful . ” , ’ said vampa , raising his hand with a gesture of disdain , while teresa , no longer able to restrain her alarm , clung closely to him , ‘ do wolves <unk> each other ? ’ , d ’ artagnan could not bear alone the weight of that falsehood . that plan was not sure enough ; he might go out by one gate and return by another . ” fortune , my glory , all the days i have to live , for such an instant , for a night like that . mantle-piece threw some of its pale rays without , and a shadow was seen for one moment on the balcony . ” answered franz	83.93132019042969
, “ i had no such intention ; and even if i had felt a wish to witness the spectacle , i might have done so from monte pincio ; could i not ? ” was terrible . ? ” reassure me greatly . ” to obtain permission to print it , with the view of presenting ourselves someday with the pack of others at the doors of the académie des <unk> et belles <unk> , if we should not <unk> very probable thing , by the <unk> gaining admission to the académie <unk> with our own proper pack . madame : ‘ mazarin is a stumbling-block . . i treat you handsomely for thirty-five francs . ” to let things take their course without making any direct	172.85028076171875
overture to the count . ” said he ; “ leave the rest to me . ” ever since two seconds , whom i had chosen to arrange an affair , forced me to break the arm of one of my best friends , one whom you all <unk> franz d ’ épinay . ” an eagerness that showed the gascon that he had some personal interest in the matter . a reddish color , which dissolved immediately . the queen remained silent . of ? ” asked the abbé smilingly , <unk> the deep abstraction in which his visitor was plunged to the excess of his awe and wonder . correspondent in greece ? ” ” said the duke , advancing ; “ you are puzzled by	66.0566177368164
what you see here , but one word will explain everything . saying that the noise fatigued him , and that he should pass the next day in writing and looking over his journal . show me a certain embroidered handkerchief . ” danglars , “ and this is further supported by the fact of their not possessing an inch of land . ” musketeer dressed and ready to go out . the governor , who , on hearing that he came from the cardinal , went to meet him and received him at the top of the great flight of steps outside the door . arranging the dresses and linen in a closet when the king entered ; she could not get out and had heard all	85.13504028320312
. ventured thus far to draw back . , put his foot on the spur to get down , the spur broke , he fell with a broken leg , and , instead of keeping quiet , took to crying out like a gallows-bird . a cloak , appeared at the door , but seeing a stranger he beckoned to his companions , and two men who were drinking in the inn went out to speak to him . consented to her request ; and as a commencement , they were to sup together . have you learned all this ? ” inquired villefort , in astonishment . and spoke to us awaits us there ; behold ! ” unconscious of what passed . society a great kindness	113.41426086425781
. ” cried athos . athos will be chief <unk> , porthos <unk> , and aramis governor of the fortress . ” ? ” divert him , ” replied the count . morrel , “ i know not , indeed , if i may reveal this secret to mortal ears , but fatality impels me , necessity <unk> me , <unk> ” morrel hesitated . , but swear it ! ” said monte cristo extending his hand . fear me , which is more likely , but they let me trample down the <unk> with my dogs , insult and obstruct every one , and i come back still more weary and <unk> , that ’ s all . his appointed room , observed through the gratings of	86.4421157836914
his window , walls and roofs ; and was told , on inquiry , by comminges , that he was looking on the back of the pavilion where d ’ artagnan was confined . in the cloister , and the good superior was eager to make the acquaintance of her new boarder . and say with an air of profound learning , ‘ the subject has died of a <unk> on the <unk> , or of <unk> fever ! ’ ” an air as majestic as that of an emperor , he stretched his hand towards that one of the roads which the traveller was to follow . me to do so , d ’ artagnan ? ” on his road and will not be baron this time	72.08592224121094
. moment and arranged their <unk> papers on the velvet cloth embroidered with gold which covered the table prepared for the signature ; it was a gilt table supported on lions ’ claws . coadjutor , ” said bazin . ” said monte cristo , with a calmness which contrasted strangely with the young man ’ s excitement ; “ yes , i would do so . ” of the floor on which dantès was resting his two hands , as he knelt with his head in the opening , suddenly gave way ; he drew back <unk> , while a mass of stones and earth disappeared in a hole that opened beneath the aperture he himself had formed . belong to him . have i read ?	90.07127380371094
” cried the duke . but he is very avaricious ; that is his fault . ? ” you pretend it is , ” said he , “ i should be forced , my dear aramis , to reclaim it myself ; for , as you very well know , bois-tracy is an intimate friend of mine , and i can not allow the property of his wife to be sported as a trophy . ” give it away or re-use it under the terms of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org . de winter would come , and by his presence give fresh strength to her jailer . ” . read your future destiny as through a cloud . am not	57.96026611328125
liberated , ” cried he , “ and am detained here until my death ? cardinal would have done so , but this one is too mean a fellow to risk it . ” de montbazon ; well , monsieur de montbazon is the husband of madame de <unk> ” to carry matters any further , we shall find her , or rather , she will find us tomorrow ; then she will give me some sign or other , and i shall know what i have to do . ” chosen this drawing-room , where you see , smiling and happy in their magnificent frames , your portrait , mine , my mother ’ s , and all sorts of rural landscapes and touching <unk> . ,	88.60641479492188
” said aramis , noticing his awkwardness ; “ if i had known that i was to have the honor of your visit i should have procured the gardener ’ s ladder ; but for me alone this is good enough . ” villefort , fixing his eyes more steadfastly on her than he had ever done before , “ did you ever reveal to anyone our connection ? ” ” cried bonacieux . , and drew near . they entered her chamber she was still in bed . , yet he was more than half asleep . faint report of a gun was heard . <unk> man ? ” you a million , because i have it not ; but i will give you a hundred crowns	64.90861511230469
if , the first time you go to marseilles , you will seek out a young girl named mercédès , at the catalans , and give her two lines from me . ” ! ” replied porthos . former sign was repeated . you have discovered the hidden meaning ? ” , be not uneasy , and continue to take all the care of him that his situation requires . ” ? ” the queen shook her head . monte cristo ; “ and so those gentlemen down there are men of great talent . you would have caused him an access of his disease . decide . ” had placed on the stand , touched a spring , and immediately a pale light , just bright enough	88.54023742675781
to render objects distinct , was reflected on his hands and countenance . artagnan , quite amazed at the resources with which his companion ’ s gascon <unk> continually supplied him . you please , let us not <unk> , aramis . , am i not ? a few moments , then said , “ no , truly , it would take up too much time . ” the letter was from the marechal de grammont , henrietta ! ” said the queen . bad terms with him , on account of the quarrels between madame de montbazon , my mother-in-law , and madame de longueville . mme . instead of you ? stopped , thinking the king , whose eyes were closed , was really asleep ,	71.20445251464844
but charles would open his eyes and say with a smile : me . ” said raoul , “ as long as i possess the happiness of having you for a protector , shall i deem i have the right of <unk> myself from a guardianship so valuable to me . open his prison door , and restore him to liberty ? ? breakfasting , with the appetites of <unk> and with that brotherly cordiality which <unk> men in misfortune , d ’ artagnan related how aramis , being wounded , was obliged to stop at crèvecœur , how he had left athos fighting at amiens with four men who accused him of being a coiner , and how he , d ’ artagnan , had been forced	123.32864379882812
to run the comtes de wardes through the body in order to reach england . , ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ we must break in this door . ” d ’ artagnan , seizing his own ; “ now you understand , porthos ? ” , believe me , there is little left to regret . of battle , i have never done that . ” such an idea ? ” have found a corpse ; the general has been killed , and in all countries they call that a murder . ” very little noise alongside the lugger , which , no doubt , in <unk> of the compliment , lowered her own <unk> into the sea , and the five boats worked so well	56.38481521606445
that by two o ’ clock in the morning all the cargo was out of _la jeune amélie_ and on <unk> <unk> . said the wretch , ‘ is not peace much better than such a war as that ? concerning the copyright status of any work in any country other than the united states . my lord duke , ” answered the officer ; “ i don ’ t know any pleasanter sight on earth than a well covered table ; and when , added to that , he who does the honors is the grandson of henry iv. , you will , my lord duke , easily comprehend that the honor fairly doubles the pleasure one enjoys . ” <unk> should kill me . ” he	99.97235107421875
exclaimed . that i am prepared for anything . ” new guest in our great capital ? ” the sultan , who mounted it in his sabre ; another to our holy father the pope , who had it set in his <unk> , opposite to one nearly as large , though not so fine , given by the emperor napoleon to his predecessor , <unk> vii . ” said danglars , laughing , “ it would do her a great deal of good . ” found , ” replied tréville , “ ready to answer , when it shall please the gownsmen to interrogate him . you did not follow your first vocation ; what a delicious abbé you would have made ! ” where i had	99.32025909423828
concealed myself . castle behind ; that was the principal thing . beadle ’ s gown , his services being required that day at notre dame . the passage through which , not to disturb their sleep , the doctor and nurse pass , or even the father carrying the sleeping child ? ” do much better to find him a jacket and a pair of trousers , if you have them . ” athos . arrived ! ” ! is horrible , sir . as a waiting maid ? a moment motionless , asking himself where he could be ; but soon a ray of light which penetrated through the chamber , together with the warm and perfumed air which reached him from the same aperture ,	121.0696792602539
the conversation of two of three ladies in language at once respectful and refined , and the word “ majesty ” several times repeated , indicated clearly that he was in a closet attached to the queen ’ s apartment . ? ” madame ? —m . ask me if the count of monte cristo had arrived , or was expected . ” mines of <unk> , guzerat , and golconda are opened to you . i name you captain of my musketeers , that they should assassinate a man , disturb a whole quarter , and endeavor to set fire to paris , without your saying a word ? ” said villefort , “ be so kind , i beseech you , as to accompany this gentleman	129.182373046875
. time i ever heard his name pronounced . ” me , whom you accuse of speaking loud and threateningly . strange scene remained facing one another , without uttering a single word ; the queen standing near the door , d ’ artagnan half out of his hiding place , the king raised on his elbow , ready to fall down on his bed again at the slightest sound that would indicate the return of the multitude , but instead of approaching , the noise became more and more distant and very soon it died entirely away . us reckon upon accidents ! from the hands of the herdsman , he preceded his guests , not as a servant who <unk> an act of civility , but	110.84662628173828
like a king who precedes ambassadors . let us speak of ourselves , ” replied de winter . this all you have to say to me ? ” <unk> his mustache , elongated his imperial a second time , and began to make signals to a beautiful lady who was near the choir , and who not only was a beautiful lady , but still further , no doubt , a great <unk> she had behind her a negro boy who had brought the cushion on which she knelt , and a female servant who held the emblazoned bag in which was placed the book from which she read the mass . , and , without putting himself in a passion , <unk> grimaud . montlhéry , you	115.84809112548828
mean ? ” officer thus walk away , followed by two guards , amused himself by pursuing them and did this so much the more gladly as the ceremony ended at that instant and the king remounted his carriage . your position , is it not ? ” mercédès , “ i have but one word more to say to you . ” am not alluding to you ; you are the pearl of brave , bold men . ” said morrel . months more in which to await and mourn for edmond . ” powerful weapon for the king , in the first place , and the friends of the <unk> then for himself and his own friends . noirtier made a sign to her to stop	79.62145233154297
. villefort , “ you know that i am no hypocrite , or , at least , that i never deceive without a reason . his knees , to again kiss the feet of his preserver ; but d ’ artagnan , who had no longer a motive for staying so near the enemy , abridged the testimonials of his gratitude . my advice , valentine ? ” event has happened ! ” said the lady , glancing inquiringly at lucien , — “ m . been the case , he would not have perished by so dreadful a death . ” and fell upon his feet , without receiving any injury . morcerf , “ but that will plunge my mother into positive grief . ” things	82.53790283203125
than that . ? —of whom do you speak ? of the harbor , dantès proceeded to make his final <unk> on board _la jeune amélie_ , distributing so liberal a <unk> among her crew as to secure for him the good wishes of all , and expressions of cordial interest in all that concerned him . , 21st may , half-past ten in the morning . ” ah ” that the affair grew more and more <unk> . , gentlemen , ” answered athos , gravely ; “ you are eating horse . ” space traversed , of the rolling of a carriage , of a horrible dream in which my strength had become exhausted ; but all this was so dark and so indistinct in my	127.9881591796875
mind that these events seemed to belong to another life than mine , and yet mixed with mine in fantastic <unk> . to saddle eight horses and to wait , keeping together and without dismounting , at the corner of a street about twenty steps from the house where the king was lodged . alone . my life in his hands and gave it to me . i hold montague in my power ; that montague is in the bastille ; that no letters were found upon him , it is true , but that torture may make him tell much of what he knows , and even what he does not know . ” . ” in attendance on the company . , i will execute it	86.12889099121094
, provided it is not to kill the man , for mercédès has declared she will kill herself if dantès is killed . ” at our destination , ” observed the prudent d ’ artagnan ; “ beware of misadventure . ” the appointment , the young man had established himself in the small salon downstairs . do in the room , so the poisoner retired stealthily , as though fearing to hear the sound of her own footsteps ; but as she withdrew she still held aside the curtain , absorbed in the irresistible attraction always exerted by the picture of death , so long as it is merely mysterious and does not excite disgust . was hastening towards the wood , was already three-quarters of the	122.44775390625
way on the road from the grotto to the forest . it , by heavens , he may have sent the letter itself ! it may easily be seen he has been accustomed to live well . ” the day after to-morrow , ” said aramis . lord wilmore , with that tone which is only known to natives of great britain . was indeed a highly favored prince . all events , for mousqueton looked upon himself as dead . witness , at whose feet i have prostrated myself daily for the last ten years , that i would have sacrificed my life to you , and with my life the projects that were <unk> linked with it . for chance , in this case , is	107.85760498046875
too much like providence . ” asked beauchamp . are better mounted than he . ” earth before being an angel in heaven . not worth while . ” said the baron . ” he exclaimed , “ such a misfortune has happened ! ” a vineyard behind the <unk> hill ; but in these days landed property had not much value , and the two palaces and the vineyard remained to the family since they were beneath the <unk> of the pope and his son . nightmare , which might be guessed by the incoherent manner in which he sometimes <unk> and sometimes <unk> . soul , my dear fellow , it strikes me that our elegant and attentive neighbor must either be some successful <unk> who	112.06964111328125
has speculated in the fall of the spanish funds , or some prince travelling _incog_ . ” made up ; he would shoot dantès , and then kill himself . . two sons of <unk> , who had lost their brother . anne to mazarin , with an accent from which daily habits of dissimulation could not entirely chase the real expression , “ see if we can do something for these gentlemen . ” you , dear friends ? here , ” said the valet de chambre in the same tone . step . milady , raising herself , “ i defy you to find any tribunal which pronounced that infamous sentence against me . in a country where for a feast they eat boiled mutton ,	118.5331039428711
and as a treat drink beer . to this determination but he followed his master , grumbling . ” replied the host , “ and liberally . sentinel , who had been relieved at eight o ’ clock , had been watching his door . would disappear . ; “ do you not see that each of your words burns me like molten lead ? ” though empty , and dry , though situated at an <unk> distance under the earth . after she had finished her religious song , milady thought she heard a profound sigh . me , sir , ” said athos to m. de tréville , in a feeble yet perfectly calm voice , “ you have sent for me , as my comrades	94.73283386230469
inform me , and i have hastened to receive your orders . was in a court surrounded by high walls ; he heard the measured tread of sentinels , and as they passed before the light he saw the barrels of their muskets shine . zeal he had accompanied the cart containing the <unk> as far as the king ’ s window , and one of the <unk> fell on his leg and broke it . ” ? ” asked the traveller , to whose orders the yacht was for the time submitted , in a melancholy voice . father . ” my life to reading and studying these one hundred and fifty volumes , till i knew them nearly by heart ; so that since i have	88.21952819824219
been in prison , a very slight effort of memory has enabled me to recall their contents as readily as though the pages were open before me . the horrors of remorse ! the young men obeyed , pulling up their steeds , and at the same moment the two valets were seen returning at a gallop . will then be well . ’ ” gentlemen , ” said athos . had sprung before him and barred his passage . rid of the dormice chapter <unk> . his <unk> watch before the door , the road on which he so eagerly strained his sight was void and lonely as a desert at midday . , so skillfully conducted , that chanleu was almost surrounded . be obtained ;	124.57539367675781
and the party must be acquainted with english in order to ask the way to london . pentecost would not pass without your highness being out of vincennes . ” have been his mistress , madame ! ” cried milady , in her turn . something better to do to-night than to draw the sword . ” for i presume that you gentlemen are frondeurs ? ” giving way to an impulse of despair , was about to throw himself at the feet of louis xviii. , who retreated a step and frowned . to you , my dear porthos ? ” continued d ’ artagnan . leagues out of rome when daylight began to disappear . ” asked porthos , “ who is milady ? ” it	59.61784744262695
understood these words , bent its red nostrils toward the king ’ s face , and parting his lips displayed all its teeth , as if with pleasure . me in spite of franz d ’ épinay , who tries to convince me that he is a being returned from the other world . ” would avoid my house ; dead , all marseilles will follow me in tears to my last home . remained in the lane mounted to the aid of comminges ; those who were in the chariot opened the doors and presented arms . knows him well , ” cried milady , carried away by her anger . longer requires help , ” said d ’ avrigny , “ since she is dead .	86.44013977050781
” . ” truth ; but a mother has twofold sight . also , ” said the curate . what you want , and you will answer by these two words , ‘ tours ’ and ‘ <unk> ’ he will at once put himself at your orders . ” mute as ever , drew from the pie the other poniard , the rope ladder and the gag . . courier to pontoise to say the travelling-carriage would arrive at six o ’ clock . most brilliant <unk> , enormous fish , spread upon massive silver dishes , together with every wine produced in the archipelago , asia minor , or the cape , sparkling in bottles , whose grotesque shape seemed to give an additional flavor to	188.07086181640625
the draught , —all these , like one of the displays with which <unk> of old gratified his guests , passed in review before the eyes of the astonished parisians , who understood that it was possible to expend a thousand louis upon a dinner for ten persons , but only on the condition of eating pearls , like cleopatra , or drinking refined gold , like <unk> de ’ medici . horses on their part appreciated the eight hours of repose and the abundant <unk> which was granted them . pen was tolerably good and raoul began to write . emotion , advanced to meet the receiver-general . , no other than the count and haydée . , who had been for his orders , returned ,	183.39735412597656
and pointing to the three gentlemen in cloaks , said : ” said the inspector in a low tone , “ had i not been told beforehand that this man was mad , i should believe what he says . ” aramis and porthos inquired eagerly the cause of the strange interview ; but d ’ artagnan confined himself to telling them that m. de richelieu had sent for him to propose to him to enter into his guards with the rank of ensign , and that he had refused . this hour the headsman has been got out of the way by force or persuasion . said edward <unk> . you find that i act as becomes a gallant man . ” struck in france , if	67.24925994873047
you die in france , if i could imagine that your love for me was the cause of your death , i could not console myself ; i should run mad . axe , ” said the king , and resumed his speech . bayard cost me each about two hundred pistoles , and putting phoebus at a hundred and fifty , we should be pretty near the amount . ” , grimaud , <unk> by the astonishment and terror into which he had thrown his auditors , rushed from the room . . ” d ’ artagnan , “ i trust that you honorably sent them back to monsieur le cardinal ! ” according to custom , to a house which i frequented with much pleasure :	79.5529556274414
when one is young , what can be expected ? —one is weak . would have died before assistance could have been procured . on this dressing gown first , ” said the musketeer to his friend . to do so , your <unk> , ” replied the young man , returning their salutation . a horrible , tedious death ; you killed my father ; you deprived me of liberty , of love , and happiness . ” grimaud ; and he went right to the prisoner . had showed to him recurred to his mind , and every line gleamed forth in fiery letters on the wall like the <unk> , <unk> , <unk> <unk> of <unk> . that that which he is just now undergoing	111.09925079345703
is hard enough . ” little . ” causes : have already said , perfectly well acquainted with the literature of all countries . sleep , then ? , provided it is safe , ” said the commissary , with an indifference which penetrated poor bonacieux with horror . our situation we must not say all we <unk> as we have been warned that our ears should answer for our tongues . ” impossible to learn ; the despatch simply stated the fact of the landing and the route taken by the usurper . ” yourself ? —well ? ” to be sure , to get our baggage and horses ; and from there , if it please god , to france , where , at least ,	106.1052017211914
i understand the architecture of the houses . ” ” cried beauchamp , “ the minister <unk> <unk> , what shall we come to next ? ” have them back again . ” liked me and called me the most honest man in the kingdom . ” said the young girl , who at the sound of the carriage had run downstairs and whose face was radiant with joy at seeing the count return safely . villefort , smiling , “ i confess i should like to be warned when one of these beings is in contact with me . ” ” cried franz . some well merited compliments on her toilet , and offered his arm to conduct her to a seat . is to say ,	60.090335845947266
in <unk> , wrapped in a long , warm dressing-gown . , ” said the viscount , “ will you leave me thus , in such anxiety ? go ? ” asked porthos . accordance with paragraph 1.f.3 , a full refund of any money paid for a work or a replacement copy , if a defect in the electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of receipt of the work . of him , milady tumbled fainting into her chamber . another age , constructed by the genii of earth and water . ” ? ” deal , it seems to me. ” and he sat down in the hall , choosing a conspicuous place . and m. de château-renaud . ” this	90.64630126953125
is cruel of you , ” said julie , much affected ; and the young lady ’ s eyes swam with tears . service to the duke in one <unk> killed time for him till eight o ’ clock in the evening ; then would come night , and with night , sleep . was going by . think , baron , for i feel uneasy , i can assure you , having some considerable property in their hands . ” , and they say she is now coming into port . ” , and after depositing the ring in a casket filled with <unk> of every sort , for the cardinal was a connoisseur in precious stones , he called to bernouin to undress him , regardless	96.83753967285156
of the noises of <unk> that , though it was now near midnight , continued to resound through paris . intention to give a journal of the siege , but on the contrary only to describe such of the events of it as are connected with the story we are relating , we will content ourselves with saying in two words that the expedition succeeded , to the great astonishment of the king and the great glory of the cardinal . this little reptile to you ? ” asked porthos . you when you have satisfied me of your right to question me . in question made <unk> i would advise him not to buy one . ” she loved no one , ” said valentine ; “	78.35295867919922
that she disliked the idea of being married ; that she would infinitely prefer leading an independent and unfettered life ; and that she almost wished her father might lose his fortune , that she might become an artist , like her friend , mademoiselle louise d ’ armilly . ” you are dreadfully impertinent . ” years old , and your son twenty-one . passed such an act as that . ” for the reception of felton , was able to erect her <unk> for the next day . every country , m. debray , ” said château-renaud . ” cried he , springing up , “ is it really you ? of the room . excuse me ? ” been supplied solely for franz , for	83.55635833740234
the unknown scarcely touched one or two dishes of the splendid banquet to which his guest did ample justice . milady showed her the cardinal ’ s order . interesting myself for one who is so beautiful and so amiable ? , ” replied de guiche “ and left me at liberty to come to your assistance . himself upon her as de wardes , for whom she had conceived one of those <unk> fancies common to women of her character . he added , “ you , who may be called the emperor , if i claim the title of king of finance , have you many pieces of paper of this size , each worth a million ? ” as you know , or as you	116.75252532958984
do not know , this fatal campaign is to open . heaven , my lord ! ” cried mme . battles , and in these battles the king was not always the stronger . of prison and find in all italy a <unk> courageous enough to publish what i have composed , my literary reputation is forever secured . ” greatness of soul , porthos his enthusiasm , aramis his elegance . ” remarked the young woman , “ these eastern societies , in the midst of which you have passed a portion of your existence , are as fantastic as the tales that come from their strange land . upon their errand at full speed ; but ere they had gone many steps they perceived a group	151.93434143066406
advancing towards them , composed of the betrothed pair , a party of young girls in attendance on the bride , by whose side walked dantès ’ father ; the whole brought up by fernand , whose lips wore their usual sinister smile . bonacieux his name , age , condition , and abode . germain bowed . , leave the inn after <unk> paying his bill , and reaching the forest , he would , under pretence of making studies in painting , test the hospitality of some peasants , procure himself the dress of a <unk> and a hatchet , casting off the lion ’ s skin to assume that of the <unk> ; then , with his hands covered with dirt , his hair darkened	233.21005249023438
by means of a leaden comb , his complexion <unk> with a preparation for which one of his old comrades had given him the recipe , he intended , by following the <unk> districts , to reach the nearest frontier , walking by night and sleeping in the day in the forests and quarries , and only entering inhabited regions to buy a loaf from time to time . ’ artagnan was in earnest . i have heard is your custom . ” the englishmen and the frenchmen , as with one voice . , and bowing to the count , quitted the room . it is true you called her thus . ” is it ? ” know , been killed ? of really exists , and	117.88601684570312
i offer to sign an agreement with you , in which i promise to lead you to the spot where you shall dig ; and if i deceive you , bring me here again , —i ask no more . ” with the details of gastronomy , d ’ artagnan and aramis made no objection to abandoning this important care to him . smile . sir ; i am convinced that these gentlemen return your kind wishes and will be delighted to kill you also . monte cristo “ as to the mother of the young <unk> ” , pale , and threatening countenance of fernand , as it was <unk> in the shadow . stammered dantès . oxen ? ” said monte cristo , “ you have	57.87407302856445
lost nearly 1,700,000 francs this month . ” said villefort to dantès . footstep was heard descending the wooden staircase that led from the upper floor , and , with many bows and courteous smiles , the host of the pont du gard besought his guest to enter . to this threat ; but the assailants attacked their foes with such <unk> that in a moment they were upon them ; a third pistol-shot was heard , aimed by d ’ artagnan , and one of his adversaries fell . was going , invited him to <unk> invitation which the musketeer refused with a majestic air . ; instead of the costume of our fathers , which you despise , i will wear a varnished hat , a	151.5446319580078
striped shirt , and a blue jacket , with an anchor on the buttons . comte de la fere . caderousse , “ so it is ; after five-and-twenty years of labor , after having acquired a most honorable name in the trade of marseilles , m. morrel is utterly ruined ; he has lost five ships in two years , has suffered by the bankruptcy of three large houses , and his only hope now is in that very _pharaon_ which poor dantès commanded , and which is expected from the indies with a cargo of cochineal and indigo . captain groslow to colonel harrison and from colonel harrison to his friends . morning gown , but it became her still ; for , like diana of	175.2565155029297
<unk> and <unk> , anne of austria enjoyed the privilege of remaining ever beautiful ; nevertheless , this morning she looked handsomer than usual , for her eyes had all the sparkle inward satisfaction adds to expression . before the d ’ estrées ’ s pavilion and not in another street . wonder at the livid countenance of faria , whose eyes , already dull and <unk> , were surrounded by purple circles , while his lips were white as those of a corpse , and his very hair seemed to stand on end . , of that you may be satisfied . ” madame de villefort , monte cristo scrutinized the features and appearance of the boy she kept folded in her arms , <unk> on him	161.0138702392578
the most tender endearments . at court . struck dumb with astonishment . was yours . t swear . ” . mazarin , with his italian smile ; “ that may happen one day ; but in the <unk> ” as we shall see , and his uneasy forebodings had <unk> him pale and trembling to the gate under the chestnut-trees . depths of the inner cavern . stripped without his hearing the least noise . ” young man , who gazed long and mournfully at her he loved . ” now what you are ? ” . ” not an <unk> man . then , ’ said the sentinel ; ‘ or , as you know your way , go first . ’ said the host ;	67.92536926269531
“ she is still in her chamber . ” ; she is perhaps dead ! ” that his sister-in-law is on the point of having someone assassinated , and beg him not to lose sight of her . ” cried olivain , pale and disconsolate rushing about on the shore , “ how shall i cross ? ” fellow reached the end of all he had ; he owed three quarters ’ rent , and they threatened to turn him out ; he begged for another week , which was granted to him . winter ’ s day , and a ray of that pale english sun which lights but does not warm came through the bars of her prison . we have said , athos had sworn	103.02813720703125
not to stir a foot to equip <unk> out early in the morning , and returned late at night . , and this time it was not my sleep that enabled the coward to prevail , but my swoon . ” so , and as i had my boat and a lading to take in at sea , everything favored my project . mistaken ! ” exclaimed dantès . to seat himself in an armchair , and placed before him the register and documents relative to the château d ’ if , giving him all the time he desired for the examination , while de boville seated himself in a corner , and began to read his newspaper . easy , and a noble to his fingers ’	102.29414367675781
ends . forgotten , your excellency ? ” inquired the bandit , with the air of a man who , having committed an error , is anxious to repair it . monsieur de tréville held , you ask of me . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan . this affair , even a miracle . ” captain without that , ” said dantès . door close ; then the noise of two bolts by which milady fastened herself in . infamy may diminish hers . ” , porthos was talking with the soldier on guard . s arrest as a bonapartist agent was not slow in <unk> throughout the city . his old friend , danglars assumed his majestic air , and settled himself in his easy-chair .	74.0965805053711
the receiver . still by steamboat ) ... . ... ... ... 16 . of his glass , which he put down close to him , athos arose carelessly , took the musket next to him , and drew near to one of the <unk> . door to exhibit to visitors this monument of curiosity , once a scene of terror . <unk> in this country ? ” asked major cavalcanti innocently . , that ’ s right , dantès ! ; take the poker from the fireplace and strike three times on the floor . ” said she . curate , and may god assist you ! ” see . ” and when the door was closed he drew out of his pocket a pencil and a	96.31390380859375
sheet of paper . ready on the second floor at la réserve , with whose arbor the reader is already familiar . colonel , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ we are very grateful for your gracious invitation ; for without you we ran the risk of going without dinner , as we have without breakfast . his elbow and gazed with a frightened air at the monk , who became livid . think . ” replied the latter . among the spectators had so much affected one of the crowd that he did not await the arrival of the vessel in harbor , but jumping into a small skiff , desired to be pulled alongside the _pharaon_ , which he reached as she rounded into la	99.59100341796875
réserve basin . m. de villefort , who is apparently as anxious to get mademoiselle valentine married as m. danglars is to see mademoiselle eugénie settled . this and the earth proved too heavy , he would be stifled , and <unk> much the better , all would be over . sure of always retaining his situation , and wishes to provide for the future . , without being heard or seen , probably heard and saw all that passed in madame de morcerf ’ s apartments . me shudder ; and one day when we were viewing an execution , i thought i should faint , more from hearing the cold and calm manner in which he spoke of every description of torture , than from the	136.38204956054688
sight of the executioner and the culprit . ” a melancholy smile . aramis . , and beneath a canopy of blue velvet , surmounted by white and red plumes , was a <unk> portrait of anne of austria , so perfect in its resemblance that d ’ artagnan uttered a cry of surprise on beholding it . , as i said before , let us speak of yourself . s door , and hearing no sound tried to enter , but the bolts were in place . and daughter retired into the embrasure of a window to read eagerly the following letter : in understanding this character , which history explains only by facts and never by reason . as you desire , monsieur , for you	87.09056091308594
were warned just now , and i now again warn you . ” ? ” ” said aramis ; “ we are dying of hunger . i endeavor to recall circumstances . ” ” asked athos , fixing his clear , benevolent glance on the countenance of the gascon . me that dispatch . ” , that persons of our time of <unk> that you belong to the class , you are still a young man , —but as i was saying , persons of our time of life have been very unfortunate this year . friend ; in two words you will know all . by the two friends was the little interest taken by the court of france in the terrible events which had occurred in	68.82849884033203
england , which they thought should have arrested the attention of all europe . you refused to recognize me . and i want no one to see me getting out of your carriage ; we are supposed not to know each other . ” smile of terrible import passed over the count ’ s lips . the idea which had occurred to her that this might be her old chambermaid . easy on that head , ’ said ali , smiling ; ‘ selim and his flaming lance will settle that matter . ; but i heard the noise of breaking furniture . dear count ! ” cried aramis , “ is it not a warlike encounter that we are going to ? ” remove her lips from	89.17681884765625
his kisses ; only she did not respond to them . dreams with the immensity of the ocean , he came , his horse going at a foot ’ s pace , to a hill from the top of which he perceived behind a hedge , reclining on the sand and catching in its passage one of those rays of the sun so rare at this period of the year , seven men surrounded by empty bottles . slight cry of joy ; this woman , or rather this <unk> the carriage passed with the rapidity of a <unk> mme . of nature , ” said monte cristo . brought all this about , ” pursued the lady . disturb my thoughts make your house odious and fatal	94.93424987792969
. planchet , “ let us thank the queen . the political hatred which had formerly existed between m. noirtier and the elder d ’ épinay , well understood the agitation and anger which the announcement had produced ; but , feigning not to perceive either , he immediately resumed the narrative begun by his wife . the cardinal people fired better than that , do you remember the road to crevecoeur , mousqueton ? ” hermitage , it is at your disposal ; such as is my supper , it is yours to share , if you will . _ bells did you say ? ” with the cross of saint louis , now rose and proposed the health of king louis xviii . he had cast	111.31013488769531
a rapid , investigating glance into the kitchen ; and he was obliged to confess to himself , to the shame of the procurator ’ s wife and his own regret , that he did not see that fire , that animation , that bustle , which when a good repast is on foot prevails generally in that sanctuary of good living . , but improved upon by ours . me ! winter lied , and she was the more alarmed . face , i wish to be remembered alone through the affection i hope you will grant me . ’ inquired the astonished merchant . , that ought to have protected charles ’ s retreat , was advancing to meet the english regiments . to stay at	111.13517761230469
the hotel until the next day ; the horses had done ten leagues that day and needed rest . room , ” replied groslow . good fellow , use your daggers in any way you please , and i further promise you to be there as a spectator of your prowess . ” of voices which continued to draw near , amid which she seemed to hear her own name pronounced . angelo fired three cannon to indicate that number three had won . . , pieces of stucco similar to that used in the ground work of arabesques broke off , and fell to the ground in <unk> , exposing a large white stone . her knees , and began to pray . i please . ”	127.91159057617188
promise . ! ” cried anne , when he had retired , stretching out her arm to the scarcely closed door , “ one day i will make you drink the dregs of the atrocious <unk> you have poured out on me to-day . ” ? ” then he added aloud , “ did he make any resistance ? ” ” said aramis . <unk> ” on account of the ostentatious luxury of his wife , whose house was hung with red velvet edged with gold fringe . evening , however , the beautiful lioness became milder ; she smilingly listened to the soft speeches of d ’ artagnan , and even gave him her hand to kiss . . replied planchet , with a self-satisfied air .	78.59471893310547
a glance backward , and saw that porthos and aramis had placed themselves between him and the gate ; he understood that he was completely at the mercy of these four men . to the stables ; day was just <unk> . time in the <unk> surrounding the house , and gathering a rose to place in her waist or hair , she turned into the dark avenue which led to the bench ; then from the bench she went to the gate . richest and noblest families of rome accompanied them with that italian freedom which has not its parallel in any other country in the world . returned to spain ; she believes in dreams . the open doors . how good you are ! ”	97.98954772949219
, and frenchmen like you . ” said , had traced the marks along the rocks , and he had noticed that they led to a small creek , which was hidden like the bath of some ancient <unk> . , ” said d ’ artagnan , with an air of profound compassion . has commissioned me to assure you that two or three days ’ rest , with plenty of barley for their sole food during that time , will bring them back to as fine , that is as terrifying , a condition as they were in yesterday . an observatory . window , which remained open , and was praying in accents that would have affected the most <unk> ; her words were rapid ,	92.48651885986328
incoherent , unintelligible , for the burning weight of grief almost stopped her utterance . instant , and during that time he scanned the young man even more attentively than he had done at first . a state of fury , crossed the antechamber at three bounds , and was darting toward the stairs , which he reckoned upon descending four at a time , when , in his <unk> course , he ran head foremost against a musketeer who was coming out of one of m. de tréville ’ s private rooms , and striking his shoulder violently , made him utter a cry , or rather a <unk> . artagnan ’ s opinion ; we have no time to lose in regaining our camp . ”	105.58882904052734
your cousin , then ! ” turning : way through the mob , which was continually increasing and getting more and more turbulent , and reached the hotel . the best horse you can find . to you about a thousand things ; but , first tell me , were you going out or just returned ? ” say , who so strongly pointed out to me the respect due to the cardinal , if he knew i was in the society of such <unk> ? ” square of white stones , about twenty feet high ; an interior partition separated the two families , and each apartment had its entrance door . looks fall upon him which make a slave of a king . theirs . ”	124.89783477783203
tetanus and poisoning by vegetable substances are the same . ” ” ” asked porthos . why do you wish me to give up seeing such a man ? ” accept it , young gentleman ? ” rightly . room the third time when , in turning , he perceived monte cristo at the door . himself on the goat-skin . you would do in her place , ” mazarin hastened to reply . he retired into his room without even asking the cause of so much noise . valentine with a convulsive movement , “ oh , indeed , maximilian , you are too timid for an officer , for a soldier who , they say , never knows fear . us both examine the depths of	74.64672088623047
your heart . , brisemont , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ do not think so . you for this , monsieur baptistin ; but let your profits end here . . d ’ artagnan was one of those four men ? ” not in favor at the court , father . ” resource , but let us not employ it till it is <unk> called for ; let us rather <unk> in our researches . ” retained its inanimate expression . of carriages . the country , and my father in his leisure time was something of a poacher . ” t recognize me ; they will be much less likely to . ” the only means . relate the fact , with the names of	61.112457275390625
the victim and the murderer . five years ! ” said the major with a deep sigh , and raising his eye to heaven . i , ” said the count , whom a frightful contraction of the lips prevented from articulating freely . , situated in the rue du vieux-colombier , resembled a camp from by six o ’ clock in the morning in summer and eight o ’ clock in winter . monte cristo coldly , “ i did not expect that you had come here to relate to me your little family affairs . he said . if porthos and aramis deemed him superior to them in the arts of diplomacy , they would like him all the better for it ; but that athos	59.67165756225586
, on the contrary , would despise him . the great satisfaction of all ; and while we are still gaping with wonder at the news , you come and tell us today , ‘ let us say no more about it . ’ ” will obey . ” the duke , “ pistache , jump for the <unk> ” and he raised his cane six inches higher . , “ in my name i beg you ! , the queen and laporte remained each in the same state and almost in the same place , where they were listening and waiting . , i will do my best . , m. baptistin . the arm of villefort , who was obliged to support himself against the wall	59.526180267333984
. stayed andrea here ; it was that he might form some resolution , adopt some plan . with these <unk> hold me responsible ? ” ” madame , ” said he , “ for the deference you have shown to my wishes , but i think you want two of the studs , and i bring them back to you . ” in matters relating to discipline . he , “ you must change your clothes ; your servants , to whom i gave directions the moment they had left the ferryboat , ought to be already at the inn . rascal ; we are mad with hunger and thirst ! ” pride before god , who has taken me from nothing to make me what i	83.42283630371094
am . ” in a chair . , ” said she . ” said the abbé , as , opening his ragged vestments , he showed dantès a long , sharp <unk> , with a small <unk> eye for the thread , a small portion of which still remained in it . . ” sir , ” rejoined madame de villefort , “ i will leave you overwhelmed with gratitude and happiness at your prompt <unk> to my <unk> ” she then bowed to m. noirtier and retired . the king had escaped human justice and been overtaken by god ’ s . first , then the representative of m. cavalcanti , <unk> , then the baroness , afterwards the “ future couple , ” as they are	80.18805694580078
styled in the abominable <unk> of legal documents . ? ” he cried . herself that she is so , but for her son , and what you regard as a vice becomes almost a virtue when looked at in the light of maternal love . ” after my own heart . what ? ” asked caderousse . rightly . know i had been carried off ? ” a horsedealer ; he owes money to the office , and is backward in his pay . , he called his valet . ” silence ; but at length the two englishmen felt ashamed to draw back , and the <unk> one descended the five or six steps which led to the cellar , and gave a kick against the	105.3510513305664
door enough to split a wall . beaucaire without the diamond , he will inform against us , and , as he says , who knows if we shall ever again see the abbé busoni ? —in all probability we shall never see him . ’ ” cried rochefort . with ? ” cried aramis , pale with anger , suspecting that d ’ artagnan had acted as a spy on him and had seen him with madame de longueville . snake rise up on your path ? ” his fortune remained obscure . , and if porthos makes no <unk> ” recollections of the past that haunted me , partly to supply the wants of the poor widow , i eagerly returned to my trade of smuggler	130.8529815673828
, which had become more easy since that relaxation of the laws which always follows a revolution . count ! ” she exclaimed , as he entered . of la rochelle with the cardinal . for it ? ” for the first time , madame ! ” , poured out for himself a glass of water with a trembling hand ; then hastily swallowing it , went to sit down at the first vacant place , and this was , by mere chance , placed next to the seat on which poor mercédès had fallen half fainting , when released from the warm and affectionate embrace of old dantès . , a <unk> coward . ” or even venture to insinuate , anything against this ? delight in	114.6692123413086
whist , be enraptured with <unk> , and yet grow tired of them all ; but we always come back to <unk> is not only a game , it is a <unk> ’ œuvre_ ! ” said planchet , “ he was fond of <unk> truth , he drank , but not as other men drink . his infancy , either by an enemy of his noble family or by the gypsies . ’ ” ” said albert , “ i deserve no credit for what i could not help , namely , a determination to take everything as i found it , and to let those bandits see , that although men get into troublesome scrapes all over the world , there is no nation but the	113.72651672363281
french that can smile even in the face of grim death himself . child , suffer poverty and hunger ? away , and the sound of a single footstep approached the door . all taken prisoners , except aramis , and that our chances of getting out are lessened since one more of us is caught in mazarin ’ s mousetrap . ” i do not know the writing , and yet it is tolerably plain . villefort ; “ certainly , madame , you appear to <unk> some cases , and exaggerate others . hoarse , rattling sound ; the old man ’ s eyes sparkled , and the good doctor understood that he wished to behold his child . perfectly . , how shall i know	130.44984436035156
where you are ? ” <unk> , ” said another ; “ dresses in fine style . me so ! ” some motive to serve in hastening the ruin of a rival firm . asked the cardinal . till we have seen mazarin , and then—— ” him , then , emmanuel ? ” she asked . in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties . by unheard-of and excruciating tortures destroyed your father , your mother , your betrothed , —a being who , when torn from you , left a desolation , a wound that never closes , in your breast , —do you think the reparation that society gives you is sufficient when it <unk> the knife of the guillotine between the	161.4348602294922
base of the <unk> and the <unk> muscles of the murderer , and allows him who has caused us years of moral sufferings to escape with a few moments of physical pain ? ” ” blaisois , “ i can ? recovered consciousness , when again i heard groans , mingled with half-stifled cries , as if from persons engaged in a deadly struggle . dantès , “ i can tell by your voice you are touched with pity ; tell me at least to hope . ” he even a mercer , when he had talked for ten minutes with cardinal richelieu , is no longer the same man . , remained mute and motionless ; his look alone had spoken . as punctual as the <unk>	120.21047973632812
woman , and the most rigorous casuist with regard to duels could have nothing to say . twenty francs to the seven you have ? ” madame , ” said felton , blushing ; “ lord de winter is not capable of such a crime . ” of fortune be to you ? . ” people unawares . ” been deceived ; these two men had only followed for the purpose of assassinating him , hoping that the young man ’ s death would be placed to the account of the enemy . much about it , ” said athos . the sound of the door , and continued his calculations until the flash of the torches lighted up with an <unk> glare the sombre walls of his	59.47063064575195
cell ; then , raising his head , he perceived with astonishment the number of persons present . that your correspondent has deceived you ? ’ s ring ? franz , in his turn interrupting his host ’ s meditations , “ you had some motive for coming here , may i beg to know what it was ? ” see him to-morrow and tell him about you ; but i ’ m afraid , <unk> <unk> , that his liking for wine has aged and degraded him . ” cristo , — “ i hope you will permit me to leave you for a few minutes , ” continued she ; and without awaiting any reply , disappeared behind a clump of trees , and escaped to	74.50347900390625
the house by a <unk> alley . ? ” searching eye than the cardinal de richelieu , and d ’ artagnan felt this glance run through his veins like a fever . , never to let them put a crown upon your head unless you have a legal right to the crown . inquired for the woman ; you should have traced her . ” look at noirtier ; he saw the eyes of the old man dilate and become round , his cheeks turn pale and tremble ; the perspiration stood in drops upon his forehead . cried edmond , blushing deeply . dantès , and without relinquishing mercédès ’ hand clasped in one of his own , he extended the other to the catalan with a	100.65982818603516
cordial air . be called condé and to be so worthy of such a name ! ” in the count ’ s words , which once more revived the exhausted powers of the miserable man . then ? ” edge of that terrible bed , and fell into melancholy and gloomy reverie . i would accept my shame , as my shame was consummated ; he came to offer his fortune in exchange for my love . taken everything ; there isn ’ t a morsel of bread in the house . ” ! ” cried milady . . may be dangerously <unk> even . ” say is , that my mother is not quick to give her confidence , but when she does she never changes .	80.28079986572266
” monsieur d ’ artagnan provoked and braved the soldiers and inferior officers , in order , i suppose , to have his sword back . ” please them more than you are wont to do when they are under our windows . has found for <unk> ” and thanking the captain , he regained the state cabin , where his friends were . to help her out of this painful situation ? however , that , as he was with his face to the enemy , he should have received a ball between his shoulders . escape me ! ” excited look . officer , put on a felt cap with a red feather , hung on a long sword , buckled spurs to his boots ,	89.9283218383789
wrapped himself in an ample cloak and followed the curate . , you are a musketeer ! ” , also , was empty , but the third which he tried was , from the dull sound it gave out , evidently full . ; demons do not die so easily . ! ’ i did not understand . ? ” said she . his servants danglars assumed the character of the good-natured man and the indulgent father . doubting , ” answered danglars with his stupid smile . to be speaking of me . ” count guiding franz as if he had the singular faculty of seeing in the dark . dreadful thing , that i don ’ t dare to tell you . ” of the door	78.73399353027344
the prisoner stopped . room . d ’ artagnan , after a conference of five minutes ’ duration , “ let us begin our journey . ” were yet more apparent ; these horsemen , whoever they might be , had halted there . know about the state you talk of ? ” said mme . dungeon about twenty feet distant , and to which you descend by another stair , an old abbé , formerly leader of a party in italy , who has been here since 1811 , and in <unk> he went mad , and the change is astonishing . the cardinal , “ you see monsieur d ’ artagnan . the voice . my youth , i was not so on the night of	80.33915710449219
the betrothal , when we were all seated around a table in the rue du cours at marseilles . who are unjust , maximilian , ” cried valentine ; “ but there is one thing i wish to know . ” ? ” , had asked his master for some dinner , and he had answered him with the proverb , “ he who sleeps , <unk> ” and planchet dined by sleeping . handsome and in high spirits . door , enveloped in his cloak , with his hat pulled down over his eyes . with impatience , mingled with uneasiness ; he hoped for some compliments , while , at the same time , he feared to have <unk> . simple enough , ” replied the	57.38433074951172
host . really think so . . ’ , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ we didn ’ t know enough to make our profits ; this , however , doesn ’ t concern you , with your forty thousand francs income , the happiest man in the world , it seems to me . ” ; but , though unwilling to introduce money matters into our present conversation , i will just say this <unk> her extreme dislike to me has its origin there ; and i much fear she <unk> me the fortune i enjoy in right of my mother , and which will be more than doubled at the death of m. and mme . easy on that score . , these tears from	84.26066589355469
royalty melted his heart . ” replied signor pastrini , with the air of a man perfectly well satisfied with himself . is a woman . ” ; and yet it was easy to understand that he was formed to rule the young men with whom he associated at present . gasps . and find them . ” accompanied simply by the guest i am going to present to you . ” be at this moment at rueil and saint germain , ” said aramis . did escape , what hatred he must cherish against him to whom he owed his long imprisonment ; who had taken him , rich , brave , glorious , beloved by women , feared by men , to cut off his life	112.41432189941406
’ s best , happiest years ; for it is not life , it is merely existence , in prison ! read the paragraph . user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg™ works . smile . as vain as <unk> ; i plainly tell you so , ” replied aramis . usual stupidity into a strange prudence . am glad to see you are of my opinion . he allowed morrel , château-renaud , and debray to leave on horseback , and the ladies in m. de villefort ’ s carriage . will find at the door on going out , will serve you as escort	99.75991821289062
. , your esquire ’ s relative ? ” yonder , is rich and has forty thousand francs yearly , so he does not care about money . you will be discovered , arrested , obliged to kill me , which would be a crime unworthy of loyal gentlemen like you . ” formed a singular contrast to albert ’ s <unk> face , who approached also , followed by the other four young men . have been more impassive and more mute ? am <unk> ” the queen quitted the convent to go to the palais royal , a young man dismounted at the gate of this royal abode and announced to the guards that he had something of importance to communicate to cardinal mazarin . ,	109.73089599609375
as i took you , <unk> , but little respected . will pardon me—— ” then , and ask for me , not intelligence , but a trial ; not pardon , but a <unk> trial , sir , i ask only for a trial ; that , surely , can not be denied to one who is accused ! ” comfortable digestion ; d ’ artagnan , to be preparing his exordium . years , did ours a great service , and has , i know not for what reason , always denied having rendered us this service . ” succor of the english fleet will never even arrive in sight of the place . consisted in coining curses on the head of mazarin ; he even	129.7224884033203
tried to make some verses on him , but soon gave up the attempt , for monsieur de beaufort had not only not received from heaven the gift of <unk> , he had the greatest difficulty in expressing himself in prose . the queen , when the last of them had quitted the apartment , “ you would yield to these limbs of the <unk> advocates ? ” ? ” inquired aramis ; “ are we going to fight , perchance ? on the highest point of the island , —a statue on this vast pedestal of granite , nothing human appearing in sight , while the blue ocean beat against the base of the island , and covered it with a fringe of foam . more lively	109.86125946044922
and anxious to please than he had hitherto been . ” said mazarin ; “ if he has raised it he can put it down . ” of that blockhead pastrini , that i did not sooner assist you in your distress . eyes . ? ” porthos . , monsieur ? ” cried the cardinal , astonished ; “ and of what woman are you speaking thus ? ” the young woman , supplicating him and clasping her hands together , “ monsieur , in the name of heaven , by the honor of a soldier , by the courtesy of a gentleman , depart ! said he , “ my life is ended . that . ” the way ? ” , <unk> , quite short	41.617950439453125
. ” that the malady should be over , ” said she ; “ let me rise , and obtain some success this very day . , relying on you as you may rely on me . right in so thinking , ” said the man ; “ i came here direct from the castle of st. angelo , and i had an immense deal of trouble before i could get a chance to speak to beppo . ” , one of the few remaining <unk> of the days of henry iv . you were working for the good of our house and for the fortune of our daughter , i philosophically closed my eyes ; but as you have transformed that house into a vast ruin i	75.26719665527344
will not be the foundation of another man ’ s fortune . hundred thousand francs , and that would teach her prudence . ” replied mordaunt , with his harsh and bantering tone , “ you are mistaken ; you will not have me turned out this time as you did in <unk> dare not . this evening , ” he said “ return in two hours . ” his ambition , that innocent victim <unk> on the altar of his father ’ s faults , appeared to him pale and threatening , leading his affianced bride by the hand , and bringing with him remorse , not such as the ancients figured , furious and terrible , but that slow and <unk> agony whose pangs are intensified	109.9273910522461
from hour to hour up to the very moment of death . covered with dust , wearing large boots , and holding a whip in his hand . ” murmured d ’ artagnan . ? , ” said monte cristo ; “ i love everyone as god commands us to love our neighbor , as christians ; but i thoroughly hate but a few . immediately to his hôtel , and caused himself to be announced . said , “ i can tell you what is at present unknown to her majesty . me then ? ” inhabitant of france , you are naturally subjected to the french law . ” mercédès might one day be his . your father has dishonored himself ? ” one , ”	72.8936767578125
replied the abbé . you talk to him and how he answers you ; i shall very soon learn that language by signs , valentine , and i promise you solemnly , that instead of despair , it is happiness that awaits us . ” to do nothing , since you exacted a promise from these gentlemen not to let mazarin know that we were in france . ” two travelers each in a charming chamber ; but unfortunately these charming chambers were at the opposite extremities of the hôtel . shook his head . and groslow , having won some hundred pistoles , was in the <unk> possible humor . aramis , who was not quite so indifferent to the good things of the earth as athos	97.05865478515625
, “ do you remember , when we were at parpaillot , the beautiful oysters that we ate ? ” ” said the cardinal , with the greatest phlegm , “ does not tell your majesty that this innocent musketeer , this gallant man , had only an hour before attacked , sword in hand , four commissaries of inquiry , who were <unk> by myself to examine into an affair of the highest importance . ” pleasure of the surprise . ” the skiff , and sat down in the stern sheets , with the order that he be put ashore at la canebière . live at the expense of these daughters of heaven ; we are the poor , <unk> by god . ” she .	77.11165618896484
or grocers , druggist or druggists , come and say , ‘ it was i who sold the arsenic to the gentleman ; ’ and rather than not recognize the guilty purchaser , they will recognize twenty . , will your people take care of my horse ? ” officer was there . . ’ artagnan stands . , my dear monsieur mousqueton , but i pardon you , only let us remember that this gold must serve us as a joke , so be <unk> along . ” and yet he felt <unk> in the midst of the <unk> of the elements and the dazzling brightness of the lightning . ” remarked madame de villefort in an agitated voice , and with a stifled sigh . anything	95.76454162597656
you want ; by paying for it , of course , as among honest folk . ” mademoiselle , what a dreadful misfortune ! pass over his head and resumed , still with the same tranquillity : nod that these commands should be obeyed to the letter , and d ’ artagnan went out , followed by bernouin . of police appeared at the door , pale , trembling , and as if ready to faint . of him the moment i saw his wound , and since he asked for a monk you know that it was his opinion , too , that death would follow . ” style of writing is very good . ” mazarin ! ” ’ s chamberlain ? ” a good english	86.6995849609375
calash , with double springs ; he was drawn by four good horses , at full gallop ; he knew the relay to be at a distance of seven leagues . not such a fool as i fancied ! ” thought mazarin . at the person of the young man and entered the cabinet of the cardinal , to whom he transmitted the messenger ’ s words . s to our next merry meeting ! ” know her name—— ? ” ” electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder , your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.e.1 through 1.e.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder . to this hallucination that d ’ artagnan traveled , at whatever pace	124.37335205078125
his horse pleased , the six or eight leagues that separated chantilly from crèvecœur , without his being able to remember on his arrival in the village any of the things he had passed or met with on the road . valentine , restraining her tears , “ my grandfather is dead . ” his hide , for , _certes_ , the carcass is not worth eighteen livres . electronic works will be sending us a hundred <unk> beasts who will pick us off like <unk> in this place . be done ? ” asked morrel . what i tell you . cried dantès in a paroxysm of delight . not mean that , ” said he ; “ besides , here comes the confirmation of my assertion	101.27584075927734
. ” . the count , with a <unk> air , “ i am very happy to have been the means of preserving a son to his mother , for they say that the sentiment of <unk> is the most holy of all ; and the good fortune which occurred to me , monsieur , might have enabled you to dispense with a duty which , in its discharge , <unk> an undoubtedly great honor ; for i am aware that m. de villefort is not usually lavish of the favor which he now <unk> on me , —a favor which , however estimable , is <unk> to the satisfaction which i have in my own consciousness . ” most distant a ... the throne , gérard required	84.30603790283203
a different alliance to aid his career ; if louis xviii . de la fere and monsieur d ’ herblay our crime would be confirmed . a note for his duchess , ordering us to put it in the post . pavilion faced the street ; three other windows looked into the court , and two at the back into the garden . with his four companions , and followed the trench ; the two guards marched abreast with him , and the two soldiers followed behind . remained for some time apart , each absorbed in grief ; but at length the two poor victims of the same blow raised their eyes , and with a simultaneous burst of feeling rushed into each other ’ s arms	109.23937225341797
. me , ’ and you believe that is sufficient ? ” cried the gentleman ; “ begone then , on your part , and i will depart as quickly on <unk> ” and bowing to the lady , he sprang into his saddle , while her coachman applied his whip vigorously to his horses . on , monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” said he . too late , ” said gondy , still unmoved ; “ perhaps i shall have lost all influence ; while by giving up broussel your majesty will strike at the root of the <unk> and will gain the right to punish severely any <unk> of the revolt . ” me , felton ? this ? ” just for that reason that	72.25409698486328
we have called you , my good m. mouston . andrea , “ you are speculating upon me ? ” ” said milady . same price . ” that he has brought his son to france to choose a wife . ” speaking . . , she has no fanaticism , at least . ” ! ” , stepped back to the <unk> of the door , fixing his eyes on the corpse . ” said the cardinal to the young man . king was about to say and interrupted him : ” said aramis , “ that it was our friend mordaunt who made , if not the bargain , at least the <unk> . ” madeleine no news ? ” asked aramis , smiling . those	34.76798629760742
two hands had been engaged with others in drawing out from the social edifice the <unk> of royalty . to be anxious about something . ” said athos , pointing to the bastion , “ they will not come and disturb us . ” twenty-four years ’ reminiscences , he thought not of albert , of beauchamp , of château-renaud , or of any of that group ; but he thought of that courageous woman who had come to plead for her son ’ s life , to whom he had offered his , and who had now saved it by the revelation of a dreadful family secret , capable of destroying forever in that young man ’ s heart every feeling of filial piety . down ,	95.49190521240234
and they felt themselves obliged to descend from dreams to reality ; after having exhausted the ideal , they found they must talk of the actual . at least ten . 95 . ? ” hasten her marriage with franz . ” with those dreadful horses , ” said madame de villefort . the secret which i am not willing to know ? ” convent of béthune will place in the hands of the person who shall present this note to her the novice who entered the convent upon my recommendation and under my <unk> . artagnan received the money paid to him by mazarin for any future service he might render the cardinal . , d ’ artagnan , having no better employment , amused himself with	100.9539566040039
beating a march upon the window and with looking at the musketeers , who went away , one after another , following them with his eyes until they disappeared . of a horse ’ s hoofs was heard upon the road ; it was grimaud , on his way to paris . ; that is a matter of course , my dear m. cavalcanti . represents everything to you in the wrong light . ” from my friend the comte de rochefort . ” officer , ” said athos ; “ but we were ignorant with whom we had to do , and you may see that we were keeping good guard . ” said the abbé , with a bitter smile , “ that makes eighteen months	49.741844177246094
in all . , who commands your troops at charenton . tonight , ” continued monte cristo , “ and will , no doubt , wish to rest . two . letter conveyed to me by lord de winter . at once , and exclaimed : her that morrel was expecting her in m. noirtier ’ s room . watched m. de villefort , for three months he took not a step out-of-doors without my following him . much ? ” nudge of the knee and porthos got up as if to stretch his legs and took care at the same time to ascertain that his sword could be drawn smoothly from the scabbard . you were already her husband . ” asked athos . drawn upon himself	75.1644058227539
two good duels with two men , each capable of killing three d ’ <unk> two musketeers , in short , with two of those beings whom he esteemed so greatly that he placed them in his mind and heart above all other men . sees her . ” on my honor . ” chair for morrel , requested barrois not to admit anyone , and having tenderly embraced her grandfather , and sorrowfully taken leave of morrel , she went away . ” asked the count , assuming all air and tone of the utmost simplicity and candor . , does it not , sir ? ” inquired caderousse . let me confess to you what i ’ ve been thinking about during the whole of my	132.20277404785156
drive , as i looked out upon the parties of citizens who perpetually crossed our path and looked at you and your four men with fiery eyes . ” , they would not question people in this manner , ” said d ’ artagnan to himself . chapter 24 . on me , ” exclaimed de winter ; “ you wring my heart ! ” ” said bonacieux , “ you are a <unk> companion ! i assure you , though i would not say so to others , that if the queen , acknowledging the <unk> she has done me , would recall my mother and give me the reversion of the admiralty , which belonged to my father and was promised me at his death ,	70.32377624511719
well ! the cardinal know . ” , everyone seemed occupied , franz with his <unk> , the sailors with their sails , the smugglers with their goat ; but in the midst of all this carelessness it was evident that they mutually observed each other . <unk> . be registered as charlotte backson . ” discovered that your sheets were <unk> ? ” ” said debray . perugia , sir , and the hôtel des postes , and the festival of which you speak , ” said madame de villefort , “ but in vain do i tax my memory , of whose treachery i am ashamed , for i really do not recall to mind that i ever had the pleasure of seeing you before .	99.74541473388672
” humiliating me by <unk> along by my side on that magnificent charger . about eighteen years of age , but he was scarcely <unk> than raoul , who was only fifteen . ” cried athos . a stream of people , who had been disappointed in not being able to get into the house and to make amends had collected to see him come out , stood on each side , as he passed , many among them <unk> on him with threatening looks . usual manner . , edmond ? ” milady . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ more reason why we should start on our journey . treated ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . such affairs are generally arranged when it is	88.51043701171875
wished to do them <unk> : your two solicitors appoint a meeting , when the contract is signed , for the next or the following day ; then they exchange the two portions , for which they each give a receipt ; then , when the marriage is celebrated , they place the amount at your disposal as the chief member of the alliance . ” d ’ artagnan ’ s skill with the sword , began to weep and tear her hair . passed , if not rapidly , at least tolerably . ” said he to porthos . . ” robbed ? ” in this convent , my dear fellow . the family from whom all these particulars had been asked received a handsome present ,	122.05892181396484
consisting of an entirely new fishing-boat , with two <unk> and a tender . court plunged into satire . inform me . she said . beware . , ” said athos , drawing his sword in its turn , “ and yet i can not take off my doublet ; for i just now felt my wound begin to bleed again , and i should not like to annoy monsieur with the sight of blood which he has not drawn from me himself . ” and that will redeem us a little in the eyes of posterity , if posterity ever looks at us . the young girl , “ he never even glances at me ; on the contrary , if i accidentally cross his path ,	105.98576354980469
he appears rather to avoid me . , ” said aramis . leave his post , but allowed parry to pass . , ” said the duke with a smile , “ of the persons who are here ; the men run no other danger than that of falling in love with you , and the women of falling ill of jealousy at seeing you so lovely ; i meant persons who were out in the streets of rome . ” ! ” cried porthos , “ like the crows , you always bring bad <unk> . received a very good education , and have been treated by these <unk> very much as the slaves were treated in asia minor , whose masters made them <unk> , doctors	104.97455596923828
, and philosophers , in order that they might fetch a higher price in the roman market . ” perfumes of the roses and <unk> in the <unk> , the sharp and fragrant odor of <unk> salts , and he noticed in one of the chased cups on the mantle-piece the countess ’ s smelling-bottle , taken from its shagreen case , and exclaimed in a tone of uneasiness , as he entered : regard you as my son : well , then , to save my son , i will sacrifice my life , nay , even my fortune . ” was proof of a reflective and contemplative organization , and he had brought him away without any other recommendation . her , took the duke by	94.18756103515625
the hand , and after a few <unk> steps , grasped a <unk> , put her foot upon the bottom step , and began to ascend the staircase . you to suppose ? ” , as if he had seen a serpent . far superior to many clerks who work ten times harder than you do for their money . the look , and so did villefort , for his countenance became clouded , and he knitted his eyebrows angrily . him , took him in his arms , and kissed his forehead . . however , he regrets your absence extremely . not intended for you alone , porthos ? ” said aramis . united states , check the laws of your country in addition to the	84.58936309814453
terms of this agreement before downloading , copying , displaying , performing , distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other project gutenberg™ work . three duels with him , ” said the englishman , “ the first with the pistol , the second with the sword , and the third with the sabre . ” them he knew nothing about this affair ? ” the letter from him . bosom , she took her son ’ s arm , and with a <unk> step than she even herself expected she went downstairs . his eye was the meridian , drawn by the abbé on the wall , by which he calculated the time ; then he saw the remains of the bed on	64.70805358886719
which the poor prisoner had died . up every doubt ; and unless his near neighbor and would-be friend , the count of monte cristo , possessed the ring of <unk> , and by its power was able to render himself invisible , it was very certain he could not escape this time . here . ” of trouble , too . ” you , ” replied the baroness ; “ you forget that what you have just paid me is much more than a poor woman requires , who intends for some time , at least , to retire from the world . ” well-known voice above him pronounced these words : <unk> d ’ <unk> ; , ” said a soldier , less <unk> than his	63.45566940307617
chief , and who had approached milady , “ this woman is not asleep . ” ground ! ” said the young captain , shaking his head . rope ! ” said château-renaud phlegmatically . the other , “ if this last resource fail you ? ” , <unk> kitchen-gardens and a common . caderousse , waving his hand in token of adieu to danglars , and bending his steps towards the allées de meilhan , moving his head to and fro , and muttering as he went , after the manner of one whose mind was <unk> with one absorbing idea . groslow ; “ it is impossible . ” gutenberg™ electronic works , and the medium on which they may be stored , may contain “	77.1009521484375
defects , ” such as , but not limited to , incomplete , inaccurate or corrupt <unk> , <unk> errors , a copyright or other intellectual property infringement , a defective or <unk> <unk> or other medium , a computer <unk> , or computer codes that damage or can not be read by your equipment . mention one circumstance , which nevertheless ought not to be omitted ; in one of the rooms he crossed , the <unk> of the <unk> was on exhibition . me to show you the way. ” they passed silently into the breakfast-room , and everyone took his place . said porthos , “ shall make him my sole heir . ” cristo , i believe ? ” said he . ” planchet	139.0427703857422
only touched the tips of the count ’ s fingers . faria , “ we are prisoners ; but i forget this sometimes , and there are even moments when my mental vision transports me beyond these walls , and i fancy myself at liberty . ” , <unk> as high as a tower . ” i will inquire . ” through the barrier without exciting suspicion ? speak aloud in one or the other . ” the most sublime genius that ever upheld the <unk> of france . the arbor of the hôtel des postes , at perugia , seeing a man in a brown cloak , whom your stepmother was questioning upon _aqua tofana_ ? , before he died , give you a letter for me	116.1462173461914
? ” is at last ! ” said d ’ artagnan , as he drew the letter from his pocket . every poniard ! , and sent parry to ask the sentinel to beg the workmen to strike more gently and not disturb the last slumber of one who had been their king . ; but , unless i am much mistaken , there will be a storm in that quarter . ” the marvellous grottos , but they had suddenly <unk> , and now the path became a labyrinth , and then the entrance vanished , and in vain did he tax his memory for the magic and mysterious word which opened the splendid caverns of ali baba to the arabian fisherman . was as well cleared	109.62101745605469
as the right , and they drew up the blind of the window which mazarin , less heroic than the king , had taken the precaution to lower . and delighted in the regiment when they saw the young man come back safe and sound . cried mme . fear , uttered a shriek on reading the first line , and seized the paper . valentine is rich in right of her mother , and that she will , in all probability , inherit the fortune of m. and madame de saint-méran , her mother ’ s parents , who both love her tenderly . ” tormented by fear , he was more often in need of counsel and information , and he was therefore sufficiently accessible .	92.96780395507812
other , and in ten minutes , after having commended his friend to the cares of the hostess and bazin , d ’ artagnan was trotting along in the direction of amiens . upon him , when the queen sank , half fainting , into the arms of her women . of restoring <unk> and clearness to his judgment . just as long as friendship required , and then avowed to franz that he would do him a great favor by allowing him to occupy the carriage alone the next day . full of powder instead of having a cargo of wine , grimaud hastened to awake d ’ artagnan , who had no sooner beheld him than he perceived that something extraordinary had taken place . him	100.69828033447266
, not of his party , his resources . ” ” continued franz . the latter , “ i should say that i do pledge myself to it ! you , madame , ” said athos , withdrawing his hand , “ hoping that in your turn you will do something for him ; till now i have watched over his education and i have made him , i hope , an accomplished gentleman ; but i am now obliged to return to the dangerous and wandering life of party faction . but bowed a second time . of course he will be set at liberty ; if guilty , why , it is no use involving ourselves in a conspiracy . ” athos ; “ embrace me	70.73444366455078
, my son . ” not know ? ” mousqueton , “ the man you upset is getting up . ” whom you are receiving at your house , and to whom you intend to marry your daughter , is a felon who escaped with me from confinement at toulon . , shall we not , monsieur ? ” said château-renaud , “ to come on horseback to fight a duel with pistols , after all the instructions i had given him . ” plundered , were they ? dazzled . to contend with an unpolished nature , concentrated and insensible by force of <unk> . longer time and may make a greater disturbance , but you will be outside with swords and will rush in at the	100.66510772705078
proper time . ” ? ” ! expression ? ” she cried , “ never ! ” . after this <unk> ’ <unk> , which took place on the very evening of the day in which the parisians had been beaten at charenton . may have much to suffer , but i feel as if my grandfather ’ s look at that moment would more than compensate for all . ” a sharp strong blade , with a handle made of <unk> . ! athos , “ very bad . ” mention his name at once ? ” replied the king , betraying some uneasiness . , these <unk> , which i alone possess , to be destroyed ? the lackeys saddle the horses . ” you will	64.1195297241211
see what no looking-glass has ever shown you—a frank and honorable countenance . ” , without doubt , ” said athos . courtyard , where , close to a portico formed of <unk> columns , were the dog <unk> , rose an oblong building , the pavilion of the orangery , a half circle , <unk> the court of honor . to be dead , or at least insensible , and went toward him for the purpose of taking the order ; but the moment he extended his hand to search for it , the wounded man , who had not dropped his sword , plunged the point into d ’ artagnan ’ s breast , crying , “ one for you ! ” the cellar all this	74.03681945800781
time ? ” ? ” mixture of greek words . , the executioner of lille ! ” cried milady , a prey to <unk> terror , and clinging with her hands to the wall to avoid falling . said aramis , “ if you like to ascend i shall be delighted to receive you . ” mounted , and took the road to st. germain . , do not spread that report . lively mood to his room and sent to the swiss the things that belonged to him . come yet ? ” no one answered . clarik d ’ artagnan , pressing her hand more closely . to proceed to the last part of the speculation . cristo acts <unk> to m. de morcerf , and	64.58650207519531
is justified by his son ! albert with all the cajolery of which he was capable . old friend . ” old grandfather , ” said beauchamp . ’ clock , ” said madame de villefort , evidently agitated . his ill-humor , the baron became more calm ; mademoiselle danglars had that morning requested an interview with her father , and had fixed on the gilded drawing-room as the spot . make a speculation in beer , as we did in straw , ” said porthos . grand to promise anything ; he <unk> only to do all that he could to increase the glory of his name . ’ s all settled ! ” exclaimed caderousse , who , by a last effort of intellect ,	74.2524185180664
had followed the reading of the letter , and instinctively comprehended all the misery which such a denunciation must entail . was making unnatural efforts to subdue her anger ; she <unk> herself , smelled at her <unk> and walked up and down . up the slope of the moat , on the top of which he met de rochefort . the queen summoned him to her cabinet . in a room , the walls of which are seven feet thick , with grated windows , each bar as thick as my arm . ” informed of this by his eminence , packed his portmanteau ; and as without knowing the cause he knew the great desire and even imperative need which his friends had of returning to	142.94439697265625
paris , it goes without saying that he fixed upon them to form part of the escort . porthos to aramis , “ we must do something . ” shares , the news got out , and i no longer <unk> gave them away , next day i find the news was false , and by this false report i have lost 700,000 francs . ” amount of his wages , which captain gaumard had not dared to apply for . thanks . be in his own house , and only see them when he thinks fit to do so . ” had received a sword cut . ” and drawers was entirely concealed by one of the <unk> <unk> , whose brilliant hues and rich silken fringe	102.52449035644531
have rendered them so precious in the eyes of parisian belles . the first to enter , was the last to leave . poor kitty , forced to put on a pleasant face , responded in a stifled voice whose dolorous accent her mistress did not however remark , solely because happiness is egotistical . to be as brave and loyal as you are yourself . ” being , and did not believe in the existence of gratitude . ” say , then , to husband the means you have , however large the sum may be ; but you ought also to endeavor to perfect yourself in the exercises becoming a gentleman . yet , while i do belong to the earth , i wish to speak	158.6327362060547
of <unk> our friends . ” them ? ” the nubian offered him . and continued to descend , while the stranger and cocles continued to mount the staircase . married , ” proceeded caderousse ; “ but although in the eyes of the world she appeared calm , she nearly fainted as she passed la réserve , where , eighteen months before , the betrothal had been celebrated with him whom she might have known she still loved , had she looked to the bottom of her heart . name ! ” repeated caderousse , becoming excited and eager . for a time , i only fight when i am forced to do so , and always with great repugnance ; but this time the affair is	84.52936553955078
serious , for here is a lady compromised by you . ” he , “ friend , what matters the regiment of guards to us , and art thou not mad to make such a disturbance ? you want ? ” the crowd , who for the sake of gain styled him “ your <unk> ” as danglars had hitherto contented himself with being called a baron , he felt rather flattered at the title of excellency , and distributed a dozen silver <unk> among the beggars , who were ready , for twelve more , to call him “ your highness . ” ? , and the thick and mephitic atmosphere he had expected to find , dantès saw a dim and bluish light , which ,	125.87621307373047
as well as the air , entered , not merely by the aperture he had just formed , but by the interstices and crevices of the rock which were visible from without , and through which he could distinguish the blue sky and the waving branches of the <unk> <unk> , and the tendrils of the <unk> that grew from the rocks . , according to your excellency ’ s orders . ” eight hundred piastres . ” ’ artagnan ; “ there ’ ll be firing ! . necessary to affect weakness and <unk> a very difficult task for so finished an actress as milady . ” agreed upon . horror ; morrel took her in his arms , as if to defend her from some unknown	87.60623931884766
danger . ” said aramis , “ we must form a plan of battle . ” was aramis . out , her bonnet was placed beside her on a chair , and her gloves were on her hands . her terror joined her hands , —for she felt that the moment had arrived to ask for courage , —and began to pray , and while uttering little more than incoherent words , she forgot that her white shoulders had no other covering than her long hair , and that the <unk> of her heart could be seen through the lace of her <unk> . near to the same enclosure , entered , and joined the musketeers . little island i have often heard spoken of by the old	95.53840637207031
sailors my father <unk> grain of sand in the centre of the mediterranean , an atom in the infinite . ” why dantès should die ; it would , indeed , be a pity he should . they were heartrending . , and the same calm soft light shone through the window . franz , “ the hero of this history is only two-and-twenty ? ” artagnan struck his hands together in anger and muttered the most convincing reasons that he could discover ; but to all these reasons athos contented himself by replying with a calm , sweet smile and aramis by nodding his head . <unk> , pale with fatigue and vexation , milady saw only the blue coasts of <unk> appear . as to <unk>	154.05801391601562
<unk> <unk> , dark passage , a staircase <unk> by bars through which stole a glimmer from a neighboring yard ; on the first floor a low door studded with enormous nails , like the principal gate of the grand <unk> . you , fabulous as it may seem , i tell it as a true one from beginning to end . agreement with the navy , that the access to my island shall be free of all charge . ? ” unscathed , and it was fright alone that had overcome teresa . beautiful turkish arms , his fine english guns , his japanese china , his cups mounted in silver , his <unk> <unk> by <unk> or <unk> ; examined the cupboards , and placed the	186.41749572753906
key in each ; threw into a drawer of his secretaire , which he left open , all the <unk> he had about him , and with it the thousand fancy jewels from his vases and his <unk> ; then he made an exact inventory of everything , and placed it in the most conspicuous part of the table , after putting aside the books and papers which had collected there . ? and his companion are still here . in the _coupé_ to châlons . bed , and looked around for anything with which he could pierce the wall , penetrate the moist cement , and displace a stone . all , you must admit that this count of monte cristo is a most singular personage .	111.42218780517578
” madame , of the allusion made by that insolent gentleman , whom you have caused to be arrested , to the duke of <unk> him whom you allowed to be <unk> the duchess de chevreuse , whom you suffered to be <unk> the duc de beaufort , whom you imprisoned ; but if he made allusion to me it was because he is ignorant of the relation in which i stand to you . ” the boat ; the boat replied . , that duel with the englishman in the inclosure des carmes ? from god ; art thou a minister from hell ; art thou an angel or a demon ; <unk> thou thyself <unk> or <unk> ? ” hour we set off . ” ”	85.95870208740234
replied grimaud . staircase , and before a table , illumined by a lamp whose light was concentrated by a large shade while the rest of the apartment was in <unk> darkness , he perceived the abbé in a monk ’ s dress , with a <unk> on his head such as was used by learned men of the middle ages . , ” said porthos , “ i swear nothing , but i ’ m choked . ” replied the tutor ; “ but in heaven ’ s name do not expose yourself to danger ! ” m. de tréville ; it was important that he should be informed of what was passing . , whom your majesty knows by name , and whose devotedness you have	66.01678466796875
more than once appreciated , and who have , i dare affirm to the king , his service much at <unk> of my best soldiers , i say , athos , porthos , and aramis , had made a party of pleasure with a young fellow from gascony , whom i had introduced to them the same morning . violent effort over himself to keep his face from being too expressive . madame danglars ; “ yet i think this will all pass off , and that you will one day see her enter your study . ” ; in the meantime , we will have a merry night ; this young girl is charming , and does credit to your taste . albert de morcerf . the	96.74030303955078
man . say to you about the matter , ” said aramis , “ is not for the sake of seeking a quarrel . of our friend , and let him hasten home . ” it is , ” said the count . aramis , “ how did you manage it ? ” a small <unk> where ? am <unk> . ” denoted the greatest agitation . home to any one , ” said the duchess de chevreuse to the footman . . wished for a thousand things , but still she never really wanted any . thou knowest whether i am guilty ! cardinal arranged his shoulder belt , then looked with great complacency at his hands , which were most elegant and of which he took	61.95120620727539
the greatest care ; and throwing on one side the large kid gloves tried on at first , as belonging to the uniform , he put on others of silk only . on guard , you know . true ! ” said anne of austria ; “ and the spies of the cardinal have served him faithfully . interesting and even necessary that we should say a few words about it , particularly as many details of this siege are connected in too important a manner with the story we have undertaken to relate to allow us to pass it over in silence . walk in the corridor . , feeling that he could not long maintain his severity toward his prisoner , rushed out of the room	136.36143493652344
. said . lord de winter came in . of poor bazin had always been to serve a churchman ; and he awaited with impatience the moment , always in the future , when aramis would throw aside the uniform and assume the cassock . that to us ? as anxious to learn news of grimaud , mousqueton , and bazin as i am to know what has become of athos , porthos , and aramis ? ” with a rapid glance . us , and we take <unk> bring him back to rome , and present him to his holiness the pope , who asks how he can repay so great a service ; then we merely ask for a carriage and a pair of horses ,	96.94412994384766
and we see the carnival in the carriage , and doubtless the roman people will crown us at the capitol , and proclaim us , like <unk> and <unk> cocles , the <unk> of their country . ” morrel made extraordinary efforts to get in all his resources . expert in all bodily exercises , passed with d ’ artagnan to the opposite side and challenged them ; but at the first effort he made , although he played with his left hand , he found that his wound was yet too recent to allow of such exertion . , ” asked the count , “ that not only my person , but also that of my friends , should be respected by you ? ” the whole	91.37149810791016
group in a bad humor except cardinal mazarin . danglars , smiling , “ they are bonds on the bank of france , payable to bearer . watch ! he whom d ’ artagnan thus provoked , “ it appears to me that this place is badly chosen , and that we should be better behind the abbey st. germain or in the <unk> . ” valentine should see him , hidden as he was , he thought he heard the shadow at the window call him ; his disturbed mind told him so . the banks of the loire , he might have been said to have been <unk> on its waves ; a hundred times he had crossed it on horseback , a thousand times had	89.84996795654297
swum across . slipped along the barrel of the <unk> weapon , and passed through the thigh of the assassin , who fell . , company of dessessart . ” his duels , his caprices ; then the insurrection in greece broke out , and he had served in the grecian ranks . them a sign to go away , and i am convinced they would have left us in peace . ” easy for you to say , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ for you , athos , who live like a dumb man with grimaud , who forbid him to speak , and consequently never exchange ill words with him ; for you , porthos , who carry matters in such a magnificent style	88.48136138916016
, and are a god to your valet , mousqueton ; and for you , aramis , who , always abstracted by your theological studies , inspire your servant , bazin , a mild , religious man , with a profound respect ; but for me , who am without any settled means and without <unk> me , who am neither a musketeer nor even a guardsman , what am i to do to inspire either the affection , the terror , or the respect in planchet ? ” it is quite impossible to procure a carriage . ” muttered , “ the doubt i felt was but the commencement of forgetfulness ; but here the wound <unk> , and the heart again thirsts for vengeance . ,	139.8441925048828
filled with surprise and terror . that tomorrow i shall no longer suffer , is sweet to my heart . ” , say the accused person . ” said d ’ artagnan , half rising and bowing ; “ you are my landlord ? ” ” cried monte cristo with well-feigned astonishment . he did not yet speak italian , he understood it very well . through the trees , and lighted up the face of the dead . a bride built on the model of diana , the huntress , and yet you are not content . ” been signed three days since ; we shall find it all ready , and can sign it today . ” were easily seen from the steps of the street-door	69.04512786865234
. , with an expression of sorrow and gratitude mingled , and retired in order to saddle his horse . , ” whispered porthos to aramis . sword , and cast myself into politics . he added , with one of those singular smiles which did not escape the young man , “ when i have completed my affairs in paris , i shall go and die in the east ; and should you wish to see me again , you must seek me at cairo , <unk> , or <unk> . ” then , that any harm can have happened to him ? ” asked aramis . ! _ joannes , the jeweller . ’ to slip away among the crowd , without even thanking the worthy	54.729522705078125
priests who accompanied him . ” interrupted château-renaud . place any reliance on that , madame ; _one_ drop of that elixir sufficed to recall life to a dying child , but three drops would have impelled the blood into his lungs in such a way as to have produced most violent <unk> ; six would have suspended his respiration , and caused <unk> more serious than that in which he was ; ten would have destroyed him . is in high favor with charles i . ” felton , looking at those beautiful hands , and shaking his head sorrowfully . any such encounter . whose <unk> name of <unk> his master had changed into the infinitely more sonorous name of mousqueton . speechless ; then he	210.52001953125
remembered that these caves might have been filled up by some accident , or even stopped up , for the sake of greater security , by cardinal spada . carriage . . let us go to your friend ’ s house . <unk> glance which shone in the dark eyes of his neighbor . he , “ did you read it ? ” going to make an imprudent and <unk> request , but—— ” occupied in <unk> movements which resulted only in the carrying off of a few <unk> of <unk> and the burning of two or three houses . pavilion situated at the corner of a large court , and directly opposite another building , in which were the servants ’ apartments . had traveled for five	103.29130554199219
or six hours without a rider the day before , might have been able to pursue the journey ; but by an inconceivable error the <unk> surgeon , who had been sent for , as it appeared , to bleed one of the host ’ s horses , had bled mousqueton ’ s . , who wanted to keep up against me the spirit of cabal she had raised against m. de richelieu . ” he couldn ’ t understand visits of ceremony made under arms . entered to inform them that groslow was waiting for them . chambers forming the apartments remained as it had been in the time of the elder dantès ; the very paper was different , while the articles of antiquated furniture with	118.69107055664062
which the rooms had been filled in edmond ’ s time had all disappeared ; the four walls alone remained as he had left them . reply ; d ’ artagnan made him a sign , and his mouth , remaining silent , gradually closed . from that time till midnight . mansions built by puget in the rue du grand cours opposite the medusa fountain , a second marriage feast was being celebrated , almost at the same hour with the nuptial repast given by dantès . lord , but at the very first hint you give of such a thing i will strangle you and become frondist . faithful to me , arthur . ” emotion of terror reminded her that she was a woman .	127.32290649414062
asked , “ that will do , will it not ? ” one who fears neither god nor satan , they say , and would at any time run fifty leagues out of his course to do a poor devil a service . ” , “ you have ruined us <unk> king , yourself and me . ” ? these words , though evidently irritated and annoyed by the interruption , but , addressing the abbé , said , “ can a man be faithful to another whose wife he <unk> and desires for himself ? pass with difficulty through convent gratings ; but after all , as i have given you proofs , my dear cousin , i am not <unk> in such affairs , and i	111.15202331542969
will take charge of the commission . ten years engaged in war , as grimaud and i have been , my dear blaisois , you would know the difference there is between the goods of others and the goods of enemies . is it : ‘ <unk> <unk> et <unk> <unk> , ’ which means , ‘ beware of the enemy who makes you presents . ” forced to suspend payment . ” all those things i have , but i am a <unk> in the midst of <unk> . ” muslin dress on and as nothing concealed her figure , i saw she would ere long become a mother . well constructed . ” it . ” occurs to me that the puritans are furious against buckingham	112.6038589477539
, and their <unk> designate him as the antichrist . ” of his mind , though <unk> and even <unk> so , had procured for the abbé unusual privileges . objects near him . majesty is ready . ” old man . mean ? ’ added caderousse . dance begin ? ” d ’ artagnan proceeded to draw his sword in earnest , he found himself purely and simply armed with a stump of a sword about eight or ten inches in length , which the host had carefully placed in the scabbard . understand that vigorous nature which appeared to have none of the <unk> of woman . pen and wrote : said milady , with the utmost ingenuousness . ” replied he . ? ” she	91.10267639160156
said . , sir ? ” repeated the agitated mother . for uneasiness ; monte cristo had promised him that valentine should live , and so far he had always fulfilled his word . <unk> , neither of them was inclined to sleep . he , “ see why mademoiselle eugénie has asked me to meet her in the drawing-room , and why she makes me wait so long . ” porthos . was passing in the house of the king ’ s attorney after the departure of madame danglars and her daughter , and during the time of the conversation between maximilian and valentine , which we have just detailed . you desire . propose to you as an <unk> into parisian <unk> life of politeness ,	54.97643280029297
visiting , and <unk> . ” dark they remained silent ; in spite of themselves they submitted to the influence of the obscurity , and apprehended ambushes on every side . consider that i have abundantly exercised that in beginning every morning the task of the night before , and every night renewing the task of the day . i believe he is a <unk> . ” that , —he is a devil ! ” returned the turnkey . commentaries , ” replied la ramee , with his coarse laugh . , <unk> to my mind . ! ” revelation was stunning ; he trembled and was on the verge of apoplexy . upon the top stair , naked sword in hand , prevented , or at least	99.0547866821289
endeavored to prevent , the three others from ascending . will pity me who has for twenty years alone borne the heavy burden of grief i am about to reveal , without casting the least portion upon you . ” hands of the young woman with a burst of emotion , gazed at her as if to read her very heart , and , seeing nothing but sincerity in her beautiful eyes , embraced her tenderly . commander , bragelonne . ” . ” murmured , “ none of my enemies would have waited so patiently and <unk> for so long a space of time , that they might now come and crush me with this secret . go upon deck again , but controlling himself he answered	136.19488525390625
: whole scene at a glance . instance , i say to my friends , be on a certain day , on a certain hour , at the other side of the moat with two horses . ” , a silken robe , a lace <unk> , a pretty slipper on the foot , a <unk> ribbon on the head do not make an ugly woman pretty , but they make a pretty woman beautiful , without reckoning the hands , which gain by all this ; the hands , among women particularly , to be beautiful must be idle . know how we are situated ? to the cardinal the precious piece of paper which athos had forced from milady , and which he had given to	106.2193603515625
d ’ artagnan to serve him as a safeguard . still to <unk> the most distressing period of my life . wrong , since it was you who suspected the queen . ” gesture , and <unk> his route with the same precautions he had used in coming . a daughter whom i know to be philosophical enough to understand my indifference , and not to <unk> it to me as a crime . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ this is your brother , madeleine ; you don ’ t know him perhaps , but i know him ; he has arrived from amsterdam . noticed . he , in a tone strangely firm for a servant speaking to his masters under such solemn	66.12512969970703
circumstances , — “ gentlemen , m. noirtier de villefort wishes to speak immediately to m. franz de quesnel , baron d ’ <unk> ” he , as well as the notary , that there might be no mistake in the person , gave all his titles to the bridegroom elect . for the court , produced quite a different effect to that which was intended . like the preceding ones ; she saw albert attempt to persuade the count , but he obstinately refused . said athos . its velvety <unk> ; her hands and arms were of <unk> beauty , all the poets of the time singing them as incomparable . <unk> on the first <unk> seems to have been fitted up entirely afresh . ”	131.5438995361328
, what has she to do with all this ? ” but help <unk> we could both together defeat their plan ! i purchase all this delight , joy , and happiness , for which i would cheerfully have surrendered ten years of my life , at the small cost of <unk> francs per annum , paid <unk> ? de la boucherie . queen , who <unk> mazarin to make him say something in his turn . with an indescribable expression of interest and pity . is another finer and younger , why , you may take the old one ; and let us drink . ” felton ; “ we are here . ” ! ” returned the prince . and tell me all . ” where	72.63789367675781
his own orders were locked up , and took out two ribbons of the order of the garter . , gentlemen , too many ! said the old man , ‘ aid me to bury my child. ’ carlini fetched two pickaxes ; and the father and the lover began to dig at the foot of a huge oak , beneath which the young girl was to repose . wine , <unk> ” fernand filled caderousse ’ s glass , who , like the confirmed <unk> he was , lifted his hand from the paper and seized the glass . your grimaud ! , which cleared a way through the crowd ; but on arriving on the quai they were obliged to stop ; the carriage was upset	101.32965850830078
, the horses carried off , stifled , <unk> by the crowd . go to war ? ” again , ” said aramis , as they took leave of planchet ; “ if anything happens to us we shall blame you for it . ” ; and now—— ” my daughter ? ” said the baroness , smiling . though nature had at least taken compassion on the vigorous frame , nearly bursting with its own strength , the words of morrel were stifled in his throat ; his breast heaved ; the tears , so long rebellious , <unk> from his eyes ; and he threw himself weeping on his knees by the side of the bed . have said , was dead . and found the	76.19139862060547
carriage at its post and the musketeer on the box . , to express my surprise , ” said the abbess . to inform your majesty , ” continued m. de tréville , in the same tone , “ that a party of <unk> , commissaries , and men of the <unk> estimable people , but very inveterate , as it appears , against the <unk> taken upon themselves to arrest in a house , to lead away through the open street , and throw into fort l ’ evêque , all upon an order which they have refused to show me , one of my , or rather your musketeers , sire , of irreproachable conduct , of an almost illustrious reputation , and whom your majesty	77.283447265625
knows favorably , monsieur athos . ” your excellency has been to monte cristo ? ” those horrible symptoms which he already knew , and which had so seriously alarmed him when he saw them for the first time . himself down by his hands and from a height of fifty feet . ” replied the mercer , in a tremble , feeling that it was at this point affairs were likely to become perplexing ; “ that is to say , i _had_ one . ” you wish , madame , ” said villefort ; “ more especially since your wishes <unk> with mine , and as soon as m. d ’ épinay arrives in paris—— ” and opened the window . , ” resumed mazarin ,	61.531795501708984
“ you accept your <unk> ” , but what matters it ? ” added monte cristo . athos and aramis to stand on each side of the door and clap their hands if they catch him . , who have made a sortie from newcastle and are surrounding us ! ” exclaimed athos . ” said he , “ tell me what is the matter with me . ’ clock in the afternoon ; i ascended into the red room , and waited for night . have rescued the man that i had accepted for a husband , guilty though he were ? said harrison , laughing , “ did this serious calamity of going without breakfast happen to you ? ” ” m. franz ? ” the	60.42830276489258
eyes repeated several times , “ no , no , no . ” capital . , who in the society of his friend parry has perhaps picked up a little english , and can act as my interpreter . ” complete darkness . the rest , had , besides the main entrance , another in the rue de <unk> . in love allow the clocks to go on peacefully . ” cried d ’ artagnan . . , doubtless , yet i have never seen you at court . door of his study ; having in a few words thanked the district doctor , he turned to d ’ avrigny , and said : ” said athos . in the turkish style , ” replied franz . as	72.0217056274414
well as he could , and promised to remain insensible to the seductions of milady . with an appearance of perfect indifference , at the same time giving a side look at valentine , which made her understand that she also was to remain in the room . not go this very instant , i will have you arrested by the queen ’ s orders , and i will have you placed in the bastille which you dread so much . ” was searching for a means of making him accept something and the idea that the blood of his friends and himself was about to be paid for with english gold was strangely repugnant to him . of a man , mr. o ’ reilly ; but	79.42817687988281
that is not all . ” tell your grace , ” replied felton , “ that he very much regretted not having that honor , but that he was prevented by the guard he is obliged to keep at the castle . ” you ? ” he , “ you are aware that valentine is about to enter her nineteenth year , which renders it important that she should lose no time in forming a suitable alliance . exclaimed , running furiously and tearing his <unk> “ oh , who will deliver me from this man ? what her name was as a young girl . ” ? ” inquired the innkeeper . eastern nations have too much good sense to waste their time and attention on objects	80.49718475341797
<unk> of either . little eyes and his great mouth , to inhale better the joke his eminence deigned to address to him , and ended by a burst of laughter , so violent that his great limbs shook in hilarity as they would have done in an ague . <unk> understand . ” longer , she arose and left the room ; saying she would go and make some inquiries into the cause of his sudden disappearance . should persuade the marquis to give me my capital , which is not likely , but still is possible , we would place these two or three millions in your hands , whose talent might make it realize ten per cent . ” home , and i will carry	125.7305679321289
away the key , after having placed you in his apartment . ” , and a moment later was saluting the baronne danglars , who could not restrain a cry of mingled pleasure and surprise . having to do with a gentleman of such a kind disposition , pressed d ’ artagnan in his arms , and paid a thousand compliments to the three musketeers , and as porthos ’ s adversary was already installed in the carriage , and as aramis ’ s had taken to his heels , they had nothing to think about but the dead . plan was formed . ” had scarcely passed away when the door of the king ’ s closet opened , and m. de tréville saw m. de la	69.26547241210938
trémouille come out . , you are in love with this lady as you were with madame bonacieux , ” said athos , shrugging his shoulders contemptuously , as if he pitied human weakness . to go to him without first seeing you . ” athos . afterwards the postilion , having been put in the right road , passed with a crack of his whip through the gateway of the barrière saint-martin . in beholding these dreadful spectacles ? ” ” . ” this country marvelously ! ” replied , “ and my protector is very kind . ” able to tell me better than any other person . ” by all present , and no one was deceived by the expression of his countenance . whose	66.54242706298828
desire to partake of the good things provided for the wedding party had induced him to become reconciled to the dantès , father and son , although there still lingered in his mind a faint and <unk> recollection of the events of the preceding night ; just as the brain retains on waking in the morning the dim and misty outline of a dream . , say to him what you have said to me , but do not breathe a word of this letter . ” murmured caderousse , seeking to regain the window , which the count pitilessly <unk> “ reverend sir , i don ’ t <unk> me—i take my <unk> ” at any of the windows . something else , ” said he .	119.50253295898438
clock in the morning and the pious sisters have just finished saying mass for the success of the armies of king charles i . among the guards one man with a very good countenance ; and he favored this man the more as grimaud became the more and more odious to him . to , and his cries only served to arouse the attention of the spaniards . athos . be observing her return , she walked slowly ; and instead of immediately directing her steps towards the gate , she seated herself on a bench , and , carefully casting her eyes around , to convince herself that she was not watched , she presently arose , and proceeded quickly to join maximilian . , my dear	127.03460693359375
athos , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ open the door , i beg of you . ” ” replied milady . upon him , and approached almost to impertinence . his desire to hear the conversation was augmented by this discovery . ” said andrea , “ you need not be ashamed , even though you did post after me . as he would have done a friend of twenty years ’ standing . order to assure himself that this was not a dream . ! ” france she had a young woman who was attached to one of her <unk> poisoned in the convent of the augustines at bethune . that scrap of paper so that i may justify , by a pretext at least	62.20800018310547
, my abandoning my countrymen . and when i had finished , burst out laughing . and porthos enter with internal pleasure , yet showed no joy in his countenance . let me know sooner ? ” with wondering eyes . , these swords should be devoted to the service of your eminence , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i shall venture to express a wish , which is , that in its turn the purse of your eminence may become light and theirs <unk> with these three men your eminence may rouse all europe if you like . ” would be popular , can not forgive the count of morcerf for being created a peer ; and this marriage broken off without a reason being	110.4984359741211
<unk> , it is all from the same cause . ” , and yet it seems to me that when the minister is out of spirits , the opposition ought to be joyous . ” that they required all their strength to support the blow that <unk> . upon you , for i shall be there , ” replied the cardinal , pointing with his finger to a magnificent suit of armor he was to wear , “ and on our return , <unk> will settle our account ! ” to the reading of the contract , which half paris assembled was to sign . manifested ? thy daughter , ’ said the bandit ; ‘ i loved her , therefore i slew her ; for she would	67.60115051269531
have served as the sport of the whole <unk> ’ the old man spoke not , and grew pale as death . documents , an indefinable expression of pleasure lighted up his countenance , and looking at the major with a most peculiar smile , he said , in very excellent tuscan : he disappeared , and then touched a spring in a panel made to look like a picture , which , in sliding partly from the frame , discovered to view a small opening , so cleverly contrived that it revealed all that was passing in the drawing-room now occupied by cavalcanti and andrea . been told that i should see you today at seven o ’ clock . ” which he had come at the	95.93291473388672
count ’ s door , intending to take a turn on foot . rush into his arms , and strain him to my heart , crying , ‘ my father , my father ! ’ like monsieur <unk> ” 27 ’ s apartment while i was there . ” ” said the officer , “ everything is quiet <unk> i did not know that something is going on in yonder house ! ” one , if he is not already ; it is no uncommon thing in italy . to treat me harshly in speaking of me to the abbess . ” felton , “ i hear footsteps . ” . around , and thus obliged us to conceal ourselves . a bunch of fresh violets , thrown	77.54187774658203
from a carriage filled with <unk> , indicated to albert that , like himself and his friend , the peasants had changed their costume also ; and whether it was the result of chance , or whether a similar feeling had possessed them both , while he had donned their costume , they had assumed his . on your answer . gate . ” is , morrel , i was thinking that i too am weary of life , and since an opportunity presents <unk> ” mademoiselle danglars bent her head slightly . cried , “ what a frightful dream ! ” ” said the executioner ; “ for as i am a good catholic , i firmly believe i am acting justly in performing my functions on	130.76397705078125
this woman . ” , rose , reseated herself , smiled at d ’ artagnan with an air which said , “ you are very amiable , no doubt , but you would be <unk> if you would only depart . ” expect to be happy ? ” monsieur commissary ; yes , that is true , and i confess that i was in the wrong . it be necessary to reassure you , ” answered the minister , and mazarin , who was delighted to get off so cheaply , led the way , in high spirits , to the corridor and opened the door . is for him . ” nor does it much disquiet me . ” , felton . ” rochefort . ” foreseen	47.436702728271484
. , if i remember , ” returned château-renaud . ” said lucien , “ here is the count of monte cristo , who will say to you , as the italians do , — you ? ” , that enables me to <unk> them , i am very ignorant of <unk> , a count of a fresh creation , <unk> in tuscany by the aid of a <unk> of st. stephen , and who would not have taken the trouble had i not been told that when you travel much it is necessary . of the salon was another portrait . undertaken with his <unk> same who was <unk> carry off a young woman who was to leave paris by the barrière de la villette ; but	56.36099624633789
having stopped to drink at a cabaret , they had missed the carriage by ten minutes . to keep you all to myself . ” conversation valentine had remained silent . ” exclaimed athos , “ let us not lose an instant , but set off . ” her name ; but it is she , sir , it is she ! ” in that parisian society which gives such ready access to foreigners , and <unk> them , not as they really are , but as they wish to be considered . but in everything , friend , one must always return to the same <unk> stupid one , i admit , but very <unk> you any money ? ” . ” other cavaliers made their appearance	86.41879272460938
, detached , as it seemed , from the principal group ; they again disputed the road . the cardinal , like a man who says , “ lord , thy will be done ! ” ” said the queen , moved even to tears , “ this is the first time for five years i have felt the least approach to joy or hope . . noble lord as you are , my dear athos , neither princesses nor queens would be secure from your amorous <unk> . ” desire but a good wife and careful housekeeper , and where can i look for these better than in you ? ” , the count ? ” , i could not give him the particulars without naming our	84.66220092773438
friends ; to name them would be to commit them to ruin , so i merely said they were fifty and we were two . turned out of doors , with sundry blows of a good stick to accelerate his <unk> . to hide the ball under his bolster and as soon as the door was closed he tore off the cover of the ball with his teeth and found underneath the following letter : fail to move d ’ artagnan . that he might not be disturbed while fulfilling his sacred mission , the priest rose as soon as d ’ avrigny departed , and not only bolted the door through which the doctor had just left , but also that leading to madame de villefort ’	111.62718963623047
s room . tell you at what idea i smiled ; you would hold me in <unk> ” doubt we would all be broken on the wheel ; but for god ’ s sake , do not forget , as you yourself said , athos , that we only write to him concerning a family affair ; that we only write to him to entreat that as soon as milady arrives in london he will put it out of her power to injure us . much injured by too much <unk> as by too much confidence ; and—let us admit it—the involuntary sentiment which she felt for her young protector decided her to speak . english justice will be under an obligation to me for having saved it	173.61973571777344
trouble . quite what i mean to ask you , aramis , ” replied athos . ” cried mademoiselle d ’ armilly , taking the bell from her companion ’ s hand , and ringing it yet more violently . the ground and groaned . faith of <unk> ” , ” added d ’ artagnan , “ that we would have come to meet you , if we could have supposed it was monseigneur coming toward us with so few attendants . ” ! he , ‘ does not the emperor , who has devised so many clever and <unk> <unk> of improving the art of war , <unk> a regiment of lawyers , judges and legal <unk> , sending them in the hottest fire the enemy could	77.87581634521484
maintain , and using them to save better men ? ’ you see , my dear , that for picturesque expression and generosity of spirit there is not much to choose between the language of either party . not ! athos , “ by his own nephew . ” you speaking , dear constance ? ” and came opposite to an iron gate , ornamented in the taste of the period . ” much , perhaps , for i have no title to request it . morrel , smiling , “ it was the 5th of september , the anniversary of the day on which my father was miraculously preserved ; therefore , as far as it lies in my power , i endeavor to celebrate it by	89.69257354736328
<unk> ” , m. danglars ! ” right to <unk> that country . ” ought to return to france ; your mission is accomplished , but ours is not . ” to me , who am always at his house . out of the fort , gained the field of battle , picked up the four muskets of the <unk> and the half-pike of the brigadier , and convinced that the fugitives would not stop till they reached the city , turned again toward the bastion , bearing with them the trophies of their victory . he said , “ going out of this chamber isn ’ t all . ” at rogliano , and i said to assunta : dress , was accompanied by his royal highness	75.19007873535156
, m. le comte de soissons , by the grand <unk> , by the duc de longueville , by the duc d ’ <unk> , by the comte d ’ <unk> , by the comte de la <unk> , by m. de <unk> , by m. de <unk> , by the comte de <unk> , and by the chevalier de <unk> . wishes to believe . means for making a possible settlement on account . beg you to make to lord de winter . ? ” asked milady . the old burgundy ; i have no objection to that , ” said aramis , from whom the letter and the gold had removed , as by magic , his ideas of conversion . for me to meet the	35.98588562011719
count of monte cristo at your house . , and go first ; we will see where it leads to . ” a town or village is written in her hand ! ” cried athos . it with as much impatience as i do ; perhaps this evening madame bonacieux will visit the conjugal domicile . ” monte cristo “ i think m. danglars mentioned that in a visit which i paid him ; and , ” continued he , casting a <unk> at lucien , who was turning over the leaves of an album , “ mademoiselle eugénie is <unk> think i remember that to be her name . ” , ” exclaimed he , “ forgive me if i have offended you , and forget the	76.88739013671875
words i spoke if they have unwittingly caused you pain . ” , ” returned bertuccio ; “ it was a vendetta followed by restitution . ” well remembered that albert particularly <unk> himself on the entire absence of color in his own complexion . , madame , to do that i must forget the hour ’ s conversation i have had with you , which is indeed impossible . ” make dull jokes , my dear , ” said porthos . for an instant locked in each other ’ s arms ; then athos , looking into his friend ’ s face and taking him by both hands , said : said morrel , as he went away , “ may your new master love you as	92.29285430908203
i loved you , and be more fortunate than i have been ! ” nothing . first exploit , sprang upon lubin ; and being strong and vigorous , he soon got him on the broad of his back , and placed his knee upon his breast . ” ” to hear it , perhaps ? ” the abbé , with an affable smile , “ when that report is in accordance with the truth , everybody must believe it , the police as well as all the rest . ” is that true ? ” cried albert . he shall live , ” said monte cristo , surprised that without more emotion mercédès had accepted the heroic sacrifice he made for her . then ? my first	65.68820190429688
note . , tell it . ” spanish , but the family of morcerf is french , and , i have heard , one of the oldest of the south of france . ” the most of my arms , though i never forgot my origin . ” said the count , speaking to ali in the arabic language , “ is desirous that her son should thank you for saving both their lives ; but the boy refuses , saying you are too ugly . ” the men in black whom you put to flight . ” were you arrested , then ? ” asked the inspector . it will be a happy day for me when i can cross something more than a look with you	67.93968200683594
. ” give them . ” aramis , who shut the gate after him , last . that order , my lord ! ” said felton , making a step toward the duke . this is not a servant , but a friend . the house of monsieur de la fere , ” said d ’ artagnan . these two noble lords who came to visit him , endeavored to raise himself up in his bed ; but he was too weak , and exhausted by the effort , he fell back again almost senseless . , one can not win all one ’ s battles ! a single moment <unk> to change the strongest doubt into certainty . much easier to descend from the whole to a	61.67346954345703
part than to ascend from a part to the whole . the lane , d ’ artagnan turned to the left . and you , signora , ” said albert , in italian , “ excuse my apparent stupidity . ! ” muttered mazarin , unable to recover from his astonishment . ! ” the banker was enthusiastic in his applause . harbor ! ” the window with his habitual composure . ” said the cardinal . astonished persons present , the young men took the road to the bastion st. gervais , followed by grimaud , who carried the basket , ignorant of where he was going but in the passive obedience which athos had taught him not even thinking of asking . and was about to	80.73117065429688
contradict the baroness upon this latter point , when the door opened suddenly . , do not serve as a conductor between that man and me . finding a father , all the delight of a mistress seeing an adored lover , were felt by haydée during the first moments of this meeting , which she had so eagerly expected . be better for me to retire , with your permission , for the sight of me appears still to <unk> your <unk> ” madame de saint-méran heard her . between us two would be a serious affair , because you are brave , and i am brave also . heat of the fire ; the other ten were sunk three hundred fathoms deep into the sea .	118.94795227050781
has not a fatal chance revealed all this ? down with two of my servants ; but he flew into terrible rage . aramis received the following letter : him to come out , monsieur , i should owe you the gratitude of my whole life ; i should adore you as my patron saint ! ” then , that right ? ” cried the queen . it , it should fall on the guilty person ; and that , you know , is fernand . make my teeth chatter and seem to <unk> my bones , begin to <unk> my whole frame ; in five minutes the malady will reach its height , and in a quarter of an hour there will be nothing left of me	108.09738159179688
but a corpse . ” of the <unk> fair round arm of a woman but twenty-five years old , and who yet spread death around her . adieu ! ” said morrel , bowing . money with it , and let your husband set out . ” with clenched hands , his mouth in a spasm of agony , and his hair on end in the sweat of death . familiar with the french language , which you , monsieur le coadjuteur , both speak and write so well . ” , ” stammered milady , “ i am not really very intimate with any of them . the count , “ i do not say it to blame you , but you made an unnecessary sacrifice in	67.46946716308594
relinquishing the whole of the fortune amassed by m. de morcerf ; half of it at least by right belonged to you , in virtue of your vigilance and economy . ” only fulfil your promise of rescuing peppino , and henceforward you shall receive not only devotion , but the most absolute obedience from myself and those under me that one human being can render to another . ” valentine , with her adorable smile , “ awake , and look at me ! ” morrel uttered a loud exclamation , and frantic , doubtful , dazzled , as though by a celestial vision , he fell upon his knees . four frenchmen . will pardon this intrusion on her meditations , but a foreign lord has	181.09596252441406
arrived from england and waits in the parlor , demanding the honor of presenting a letter to your majesty . ” not love me ! ” cried kitty , “ and i am very wretched . ” ; i only drank a glass of my master ’ s <unk> ’ s <unk> ” and barrois turned towards noirtier , who , <unk> fixed in his armchair , was contemplating this terrible scene without allowing a word or a movement to escape him . asked albert . i came about six weeks ago to plead for clemency , as i come today to plead for justice . way . comte , ” said the duchess , smiling , “ does one leave so solemnly his old friends ? ”	71.73735809326172
incredible , ” said madame danglars , “ that a person having at least half a million of <unk> money at his command , should possess so little information ? ” passing at the back of the boxes , and the count knew that the approaching storm was intended to fall on him . square was paved with heads . noisy hilarity which usually prevails at such a time among people sufficiently free from the demands of social position not to feel the <unk> of etiquette . valentine , “ whatever happens , i promise you not to fear . ” will no longer treat us as men of vulgar stamp . held the lives of five men in his hands . ” said dantès ; “ of	124.1072998046875
what did you make your ink ? ” not save my life , but he may strengthen me to give my evidence . ” same slow step and said : to say ? cemented by the hand of time , with his pickaxe . ’ clock at night . such a scene , to be alone . ” . of monsieur de conti , unable to be cardinal , he was obliged to remain a soldier . the abbé in his , and affectionately pressed it . tone he would be happy to die ; and as every prisoner is worth ten sous a day to his jailer , he replied in a more subdued tone . monsieur oliver cromwell , general of the army of the english	73.9421615600586
nation . ” the <unk> <unk> which madame de saint-méran took , and madame de saint-méran is dead . ! ” cried one of them , in very good french , though with a foreign accent , “ that this madman will not allow these good people access to their own wine ! ? ” . ” had been right in believing that the house was not illuminated . discovered the whole history in confession from the executioner of bethune , and having confessed him , after having learned everything from him , he gave him absolution by <unk> this dagger into his heart . morrel , “ is there no way of <unk> all these <unk> releasing him from arrest ? ” permission , i shall do	78.0140380859375
myself the honor of paying my respects in the course of the evening . ” concerns the war which the king , my husband , is now sustaining against his rebellious subjects . can be told . ! , during which these two persons , who at first sight recognized each other so clearly as of noble race , examined each other without embarrassment on either side . because the poor devil ’ s death was accompanied by a singular incident . ” ” bring you your two hundred francs . ” at the place of sojourn of the future abbé ; the defiles of the chamber of aramis were as well guarded as the gardens of <unk> . physician ? ” said she . mr. jackson ,	107.05020141601562
” replied buckingham . rose to the surface of the sea , while the shot dragged down to the depths the sack that had so nearly become his shroud . he said , “ i must admit that i sent for you to appoint you to quiet service ; i have certain <unk> , what is the meaning of that ? ” ” fee of 20 % of the gross profits you derive from the use of project gutenberg™ works calculated using the method you already use to calculate your applicable taxes . room the young man was carelessly stretched on a sofa , tapping his boot with the <unk> cane which he held in his hand . said she , “ how came you here ? through	77.28031921386719
the clouds , and there , standing where you do , and wrapped in that cloak that conceals your figure , you remind me of m. de villefort . ” pastrini ’ s hotel ? ” shall never escape my lips ; say , albert , my friend , do you wish it ? ” lord , i am to be taken back to the bastile . ” , ” said franz . sire , who have now incurred hers . contents into the ashes , which she disturbed that they might the more readily absorb the liquid ; then she carefully <unk> the glass , and wiping it with her handkerchief replaced it on the table . one another , morrel trembling in every limb , the	83.0975570678711
stranger gazing at him with an air of profound pity . sort of diplomatic arrangement ; ask planchet . ” : his head ; his resolution was made . reports afloat , was no longer to be had ; and to meet the one hundred thousand francs due on the 15th of the present month , and the one hundred thousand francs due on the 15th of the next month to m. de boville , m. morrel had , in reality , no hope but the return of the _pharaon_ , of whose departure he had learnt from a vessel which had weighed anchor at the same time , and which had already arrived in harbor . know this horse ? ” said mousqueton . read it aloud	74.83667755126953
. cherish no resentment . ” hours before nine o ’ clock arrived , andrea employed in riding , paying visits , <unk> to induce those of whom he had spoken to appear at the banker ’ s in their gayest equipages , <unk> them by promises of shares in schemes which have since turned every brain , and in which danglars was just taking the <unk> . senses at receiving this magnificent present , which dantès hastened to account for by saying that he had merely been a sailor from whim and a desire to spite his family , who did not allow him as much money as he liked to spend ; but that on his arrival at leghorn he had come into possession of a	203.1171112060547
large fortune , left him by an uncle , whose sole heir he was . for your master. ’ i have no other master but you ; <unk> pretty little <unk> , my faith , is that <unk> ! _ ” , in a less dangerous situation than the one in which he was now placed , he had already endeavored to sacrifice her to his honor . ” repeated the major , “ <unk> . ” the world , my lord ! ” cried raoul , feeling an unknown enthusiasm for that young general , who seemed to him so worthy of his renown . , ” said he , with emphasis . dismissed the boy and horse , knocked at the door of the hotel ,	61.37505340576172
which was opened , and again closed after his entrance . were placed masquerade dresses . it were only possible to place a deaf and blind sentinel in the gallery beyond us . ” for you , my dear host , so much the worse ! —by no means , ” said villefort , who was afraid of seeming to abandon his ground . more on the subject ; you tell me so , i believe you . . a friend ? ” she asked in a tone full of mournful dignity . my dear count ; i am at your orders . ” my dear gérard , and by your obedience to my paternal orders , or , if you prefer it , friendly counsels , we	74.14828491210938
will keep you in your place . there , sir . ” go , ” said louis xviii. , “ and remember that i am waiting for you . ” who through want of money , time , or enthusiasm , have not been to see the carnival before , mingle in the gayety , and <unk> to the noise and excitement . ” terms , do you really think that what you do deserves being called anything ? ” entered , saw d ’ artagnan and uttered a little cry , whereupon d ’ artagnan , judging that he had been recognized , rose , ran to her and embraced her tenderly . silence succeeded these words . he thinks ? ” , and only admitted the	71.05945587158203
mysterious light calculated for <unk> reveries . . ” towards the clump of trees , and morrel soon recognized the other gentleman as doctor d ’ avrigny . you sold and <unk> am he whose betrothed you <unk> am he upon whom you trampled that you might raise yourself to <unk> am he whose father you condemned to die of <unk> am he whom you also condemned to starvation , and who yet <unk> you , because he hopes to be <unk> am edmond dantès ! ” his sword , which stood against a chair in a corner of the room ; but a glance from the worthy broussel , who in the midst of it all did not lose his presence of mind , checked this <unk>	153.26644897460938
action of despair . ” resumed danglars , after a brief silence , “ i will endeavor to make myself understood , by requesting you to inform me for what sum you propose to draw upon me ? ” a meeting on thursday last in this very room , did you not ? ” by the lining of the trench , till they came within a hundred paces of the bastion . , who understand only german . know what connection there can possibly be between your sickly <unk> and the affairs of the state ! ” d ’ artagnan , “ how did you escape ? ” asked , “ did you notice that ? ” secretary . ” ” said the procureur . betrayed me ?	61.18850326538086
” ” exclaimed de winter , seizing the arm of athos ; “ it is he ! of ten such men . ” s friendship twofold . this interview , and i trust it will convince you how <unk> are your objections to valentine ’ s marriage . ” the right , to the left ; they were <unk> by a troop of horsemen . ” said albert , “ i beg pardon for my intrusion , but i was anxious to know from your own mouth if your master was really out or not . ” hope would have been destroyed . and disappeared . hat , examined the hole made by the ball , and shook his head . comminges , “ suppose one thing .	51.935482025146484
” de guiche . as small as possible , another note on the <unk> of his horace , and then looking at the duke with the air of a man who thinks he has an idea of his own , while he is only commenting upon the idea of another , said : well ; you will not appear to have gone out of your way to please the queen . ” you know everything , you know it was not <unk> was la carconte ; that was proved at the trial , since i was only condemned to the galleys . ” it is the custom , not from gallantry but prudence , that in time of war foreigners should be conducted to particular hôtels , in	66.79486846923828
order that they may remain under the eye of the government until full information can be obtained about them . ” ” will only cross the river in case of danger . ” he , “ dear valentine , you must not speak <unk> let me die . said , they were within a hundred paces of the city ; they left their two nags upon the high road , and ran toward the quay . say to the people ? ” chevalier , ’ it is in presenting you to my guests , that they may know who you are . sir , ’ replied the president . a six months ’ , a year ’ s advance even , and retire to brussels ? waiting for	62.91203308105469
him ; neither in the antechamber , nor in the corridor , nor beneath the great door . received his congratulations with the air of a man conscious that they are merited . rich to pay a ransom , a messenger is sent to negotiate ; the prisoner is hostage for the security of the messenger ; should the ransom be refused , the prisoner is irrevocably lost . the better ! ” exclaimed the king . , that he is not happy ? ” said the count . been each in search of his equipments , there had been no fixed meeting between them . ” said d ’ artagnan . portion , assured that if the first were seized , no one would be able to	74.65447998046875
discover its real meaning . of departure ; it is a <unk> . said danglars , becoming pale . with a feverish rage , which gave a ferocious eloquence to his words . ” asked d ’ artagnan . was passed to find the fastening , then a second ; the window turned on its hinges , and a man entered . little confused ; i will take a turn in the garden . ” editions not protected by u.s. copyright law means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works , so the foundation ( and you ! ) is time for us to enter the service ? ” me in what year ? ” proverb to the effect that it is only mountains	86.23351287841797
that never meet ; and popular <unk> contain sometimes a wonderful amount of truth . ” palace to congratulate the queen on the battle of lens , determined beforehand to act with or against the court , as his congratulations were well or ill received . ? ” said debray , who had not failed to notice the agitation of madame danglars . see what is to be derived from this gloss . created from several printed editions , all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included . , ” answered aramis ; and they all laughed so heartily that the host appeared in order to inquire whether the gentlemen wanted anything ; he thought they were	160.6948699951172
fighting . , maximilian ; it is nothing , and has already passed away . and paper , ” muttered fernand . is imprisonment or death ? ” was caught between two fires , but he was brave and made up his mind to die where he was . rochefort cast a glance toward mazarin , which was answered by one , equally furtive , from the minister . ” said haydée ; “ your order shall be executed , my lord ; i will forget even your name , and be <unk> ” and she stepped back to retire . for the hope of the nation and the spirit of the lord are with me . was a good mother , since it was for my son	74.2914810180664
’ s sake i became criminal . he be , if he had entered his mother ’ s room and not since returned ? exterior of the house at auteuil gave no <unk> of splendor , nothing one would expect from the destined residence of the magnificent count of monte cristo ; but this simplicity was according to the will of its master , who positively ordered nothing to be altered outside . interfere with you in anything , my friend , ” said the count ; “ gather your strawberries , if , indeed , there are any left . ” best became the king . , despite one slight shade of care , light as a summer cloud , seemed a physiognomy of absolute felicity .	129.4752960205078
” the person to whom the house in the allées de meilhan belonged , dantès next proceeded thither , and , under the name of lord wilmore ( the name and title inscribed on his passport ) , purchased the small dwelling for the sum of twenty-five thousand francs , at least ten thousand more than it was worth ; but had its owner asked half a million , it would unhesitatingly have been given . porthos , “ we have mousqueton , but since he has been steward , he has become very heavy ; never mind , let us call him , and to make sure that he will reply <unk> ” here athos spoke , “ rest assured , if we were mazarinists we should	125.39241027832031
come well prepared with every sort of passport . ” returned he , with a negligence evidently <unk> , for he could not imagine with what intention the question was put . quiet street , looking to the right and the left to see if he could catch any vestige of his beautiful englishwoman , when from the ground floor of a pretty house , which , according to the fashion of the time , had no window toward the street , he saw a face peep out with which he thought he was acquainted . ever make use of the details i am about to give you , that you will never let anyone know that it was i who supplied them ; for the persons of	83.35308837890625
whom i am about to talk are rich and powerful , and if they only laid the tips of their fingers on me , i should break to pieces like glass . ” was read in _le messager_ : felt the duke ’ s arms on his shoulders like two iron claws ; but instead either of calling out or defending himself , he placed his forefinger on his lips and said in a low tone : ladies , he extended his hand to debray . de winter that his prisoner has <unk> this event not having been foreseen , i don ’ t know what to do . ” , and each time took his friends and their lackeys with him . so . on her part	84.74774932861328
, and on your return , i shall perhaps have some good news to tell you . madame de saint-remy is at blois with the duchess of orleans . caught the next soldier by his neck , gagged him and pushed him like a <unk> through the bars into the room , and entered after him . said d ’ artagnan , “ i should indeed <unk> with you had i not at this moment something very pressing to attend to . ” then , my beautiful lady , ” cried the captain ; “ and may god often send me such passengers as your ladyship ! ” m. de morcerf , ” said monte cristo quietly ; “ i thought i had not heard aright . ”	67.97989654541016
francs on account . ” a quill , and some ink , then , ” said the cardinal . from time to time to the captains in charge of the two vessels so as to keep them on the alert . ” to leave blaisois and grimaud at compiegne with the horses , resolved to take post horses ; and having snatched a hasty dinner they continued their journey to louvres . was somewhat <unk> , as may be imagined . she , “ lord wilmore had a family or friends , he must have known someone , can we not—— ” ” ; cromwell has time for everything ; and believe me , dear friend , we ought not to lose our <unk> is precious . king	103.37556457519531
’ s attorney , m. de villefort , who lives in the faubourg saint-honoré . understand , ” said porthos . reply to you , madame , that it was precisely because i was not , that i had cured my patients ; for myself , i am content to say to you that i have studied chemistry and the natural sciences somewhat deeply , but still only as an amateur , you understand . ” presented himself at the already opened carriage door , and held out his hand to a young woman , completely enveloped in a green silk mantle heavily embroidered with gold . . ” me <unk> for what is worth 5,000,000 ? the object of universal attention ; the most extraordinary traits of	75.67998504638672
ferocious daring and brutality were related of him . , or rather , one cause , to whom a man like me can be <unk> of the king . ” : this question was addressed drew from an inlaid secretaire a small portfolio with a lock , in which she counted twenty-three bank-notes . pronounce then , madame de morcerf ? ” said he . sure , i have not answered you ; be satisfied , we shall have this ‘ lion ’ ; we are among the privileged ones . ” with his usual familiarity , and ascending lightly to the first story met him at the top of the stairs . the audience arrived athos was obliged to stay until the queen , who was waited	104.8316421508789
upon by a new deputation from paris , had consulted with her minister as to the propriety and manner of receiving them . , “ be still , edward ! ” she then added , “ this young madcap is , however , very nearly right , and merely <unk> what he has heard me say with pain a hundred times ; for mademoiselle de villefort is , in spite of all we can do to rouse her , of a melancholy disposition and taciturn habit , which frequently injure the effect of her beauty . the carnival at rome that year , and that franz , who for the last three or four years had inhabited italy , should act as _cicerone_ to albert . valentine ’	134.6995391845703
s <unk> , and m. de saint-méran wished to sell it ; for if it had remained another year or two uninhabited it would have fallen to ruin . ” , ” said louis , smiling in a manner which proved that all these questions were not made without a motive ; “ i forgot you and m. noirtier are not on the best terms possible , and that is another sacrifice made to the royal cause , and for which you should be recompensed . ” then—— ” her hands . lost ! chair , which the procureur was obliged to take the trouble to move forwards himself , while the count merely fell back into his own , on which he had been kneeling when m.	73.56607055664062
villefort entered . ; and he rendered very important services to your father . anne , “ to humble myself thus ! nothing , from fear . ” is franz d ’ épinay or albert de morcerf has not much difficulty in procuring them . ” fools laugh , which caused the minister to have a sleepless night , which has caused the minister ’ s secretaries to <unk> several sheets of paper , but which has cost me 700,000 francs . ” heavy , deep sleep stole over me , and having no suspicion of anything wrong , i sought not to shake it off . been at home when planchet came to his abode , he had doubtless hastened to the rue des fossoyeurs , and	115.63726043701172
finding nobody there but his other two companions perhaps , they would not be able to conceive what all this meant . he left her . , ” interrupted comminges ; “ the cardinal said so ; there is no prison here . ” when the abduction of mme . lawn i stopped to light it , then i continued my path . to give you another piece of good advice . ” in particular , in consequence of the <unk> that were perpetually breaking out in avignon , nîmes , or <unk> . names , and concealed under other costumes , are police agents , magistrates , <unk> , and bailiffs . man ; i will depart from the strict line of my duty to aid you	119.6392593383789
in discovering the author of this accusation . d ’ artagnan , “ deuce take it , the campaign is going to begin ; i wish to be there , i expect to get something by it . ” regard to porthos , i received a letter from him , too . , shall we not ? ” said albert to the count . <unk> “ <unk> is he ? ” the young woman , placing her hand upon his lips ; “ silence , and go the same way you came ! ” advice prudent . s quite another sort of <unk> formidable gentleman , indeed . of his patron , respectfully placed the arm of his affianced bride within that of m. morrel , who ,	57.44346618652344
forthwith conducting her up the flight of wooden steps leading to the chamber in which the feast was prepared , was gayly followed by the guests , beneath whose heavy tread the slight structure creaked and groaned for the space of several minutes . be easily understood , resounded to the very bottom of d ’ artagnan ’ s heart . you may be quite at ease ; she will soon be softened . ribs , ” said the commander , in a low voice . you free ? and brawls , they excited them secretly to quarrel , deriving an <unk> satisfaction or genuine regret from the success or defeat of their own combatants . countenance , holding his hat in his hand and awaiting the good	154.69143676757812
pleasure of his eminence , without too much assurance , but also without too much humility . , stupefied , cast down , annihilated by all that happened , stood , with crossed arms , before the musketeer and mme . so act on me , that i shall , on <unk> , consider such a contemptible possession as the utmost happiness . , i think . ” twenty yards , danglars looked back and saw fernand stoop , pick up the crumpled paper , and putting it into his pocket then rush out of the arbor towards pillon . albert had employed his time in arranging for the evening ’ s diversion ; he had sent to engage a box at the teatro argentina ; and franz	171.3639678955078
, having a number of letters to write , relinquished the carriage to albert for the whole of the day . the queen , “ you have doubtless come for some important purpose . succeed with him , i pronounce you the demon himself . ” ! ” he exclaimed . , ” said aramis ; “ and it is a rather difficult matter . have also confirmed my ideas on the subject of sudden inspirations , for i have several times owed my life to a mysterious impulse which directed me to move at once either to the right or to the left , in order to escape the ball which killed the comrade fighting by my side , while it left me unharmed . ” in	76.5553207397461
. gentleman could have written such a letter to a <unk> ” then all at once , starting , she cried , “ my god ! custom , was thinking much and saying little . come now to what is most difficult . ” ” asked albert , “ do you remember his name , signora ? ” more than the others . is above ! , ” said franz , “ since m. noirtier sent for me , i am ready to attend to his wish ; besides , i shall be happy to pay my respects to him , not having yet had the honor of doing so . ” aramis , and give me the remaining twenty-five . ” be really true ? ” said	57.78233337402344
athos smiling , “ midnight . ” the sketch he had made for their escape . of the pasha of yanina , do you not ? ” ” table without looking at them , so sure was he of victory ; d ’ artagnan turned aside to conceal his ill humor . afterward . ” must live somehow , ” returned the other , smiling <unk> . cardinal , raising his voice , as if to arouse the dreamer , “ my reply to this letter will be more satisfactory to general cromwell if i am convinced that all are ignorant of my having given one ; go , therefore , and await it at <unk> , and promise me to set out to-morrow morning . ” mme	81.6134262084961
. . ” , but the way by the subterranean passage would take too much time and i have none to lose . ” greek , ” asked he . , andrea , a charming young man , about your own age , viscount , bearing the same title as yourself , and who is making his entry into the parisian world , aided by his father ’ s millions . —a fearful misfortune . ” yard , there would still be three iron gates for you to pass . the wounded man , in an accent of terror which made the young men shudder ; “ you will not allow that ? is this about ? ” asked porthos . was ready to go to the end	68.67147064208984
of the world to seek her ; but the world , being round , has many ends , so that he did not know which way to turn . ” said the coadjutor , “ i am to preach to-morrow and have twenty texts to examine this evening . ” . ” accompanied by a <unk> which seemed to crack the very <unk> , attracted the attention of m. d ’ avrigny ; he left m. noirtier , and returned to the sick man . the good curé again . the allées de meilhan , enter the house no . , for they thought that he was about to attack the inspector , and the latter recoiled two or three steps . to make a little excursion with	59.32281494140625
the king to saint germain . ” was a conspiracy to rescue the king . ” was burning there , and it appeared like a star set in a heaven of blackness ; it was selim ’ s flaming lance . such as it is , it is filled with dormice , who eat everything . ” electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder , your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.e.1 through 1.e.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder . have you forgotten the glances you favored me with at the ball of mme . love nothing else in me ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . it . greatest horror of pirates , who are hung	116.50104522705078
up to the <unk> ; he would not die by what seemed an infamous death . you remember the little goat <unk> of the luxembourg ? _ ” road , excellency , and now you can not again mistake . ’ suit . ; the banker accompanied him to the door . mere question of speed . ” cried d ’ artagnan , recognizing the handwriting . came home four days ago , monsieur . d ’ artagnan ? ” ought never to name the persons who answer my questions , ” answered the child , “ for if i do i shall learn nothing further . ” you belong to the house , and in a fit of passion might run his sword through you or blow	86.13529205322266
out your brains . ” said d ’ artagnan , with an astonishment which this time was not pretended . know me ; i have done all in my power to oppose it . ” of going out in such weather as this . ’ the same ? ” said he , “ and shall i never succeed in overcoming the old leaven ? girl ; you have outraged , defiled her . , such as i am , gone through this morning , then ? ” asked raoul . sorry to tell your majesty a cruel fact ; but the feeling in dauphiné is quite the reverse of that in provence or languedoc . burial of his father , and the marriage of mercédès . then ?	69.67115020751953
” asked the <unk> “ i have my carriage here , ” said the president . ? ” , ” said beauchamp , “ on our friend albert ’ s account . ” you it was impossible . ” to noirtier , on leaving madame de saint-méran , who in the midst of her grief had at last yielded to fatigue and fallen into a feverish sleep . you will remember those two vows , will you not ? place i will remember everything . porthos could not afford to have a baldric wholly of gold , but had at least half . lackey ? ” resumed the procurator ’ s wife , hesitatingly ; “ but that is doing things in lordly style , my friend .	60.015625
” more violent than the first , and he had slipped from the couch to the ground , where he was writhing in agony . count , in a contemptuous tone , “ do not tell me of european punishments , they are in the infancy , or rather the old age , of cruelty . ” advance she whispered to the lackeys , “ a thousand pistoles to each of you , if you will assist my escape ; but if you deliver me up to your masters , i have near at hand <unk> who will make you pay dearly for my death . ” ” said the abbé , turning towards dantès , and surveying him with the kindling gaze of a prophet , “	69.5406494140625
you are young , you will see all this come to pass . ” ” continued the count , “ i see you are still the same , —an assassin . ” ? ” <unk> has suffered everything . morrel , with a glance full of bitter reproach , “ do you think it possible that i could be ? ” order four men to conduct them to my lodging . ” his wife and daughter . ” to them by way of inducement to serve your eminence ? ” and with eyes inflamed , albert stepped back , and morrel closed the door . saw diavolaccio bearing the young girl in his arms . , taking with them all the guards they found on their road ,	63.57863235473633
and crying out , “ to arms ! how strangely he expresses himself , count ! ” said julie . my fault , as i shall endeavor to prove . ” another thing , ” said athos , “ which is , that in firing off your pistol you hold your arm too far outstretched . in the eyes of the doctor and his father , he only saw an expression as inflexible as that of maximilian . struck a quarter to twelve ; the west wind bore on its moistened gusts the <unk> vibration of the three strokes . being warmed ; come . ” had shared the grief of the family , for she was pale and looked fatigued . name and looked at the count	122.71270751953125
to be quite sure that it was he whom the lieutenant thus addressed . and i my title ? ” remain in paris ? ” she inquired . rapidly advancing wheels was heard , and almost immediately a carriage appeared , drawn by a pair of wild , ungovernable horses , while the terrified coachman strove in vain to restrain their furious speed . <unk> ’ s building , and with horses and harness for which drake had , to the knowledge of all the lions of paris , refused on the previous day seven hundred guineas . strange , ” said m. de tréville , after meditating a minute ; “ you mentioned my name , then , aloud ? ” it is a dream ; a	108.34983825683594
retired baker , my poor benedetto , is <unk> has an annuity . ” . replied the jesuit . ” cried d ’ artagnan , after a moment of reflection , “ i shall surmount it , be assured . ” , <unk> fellow he is . ” was villefort who seemed to entreat , and the prisoner who reassured him . they told me it was 4,500 francs . <unk> , had recovered its gracious expression ; but some little red spots on her handkerchief indicated that she had bitten her lips till the blood came . visit paid him , monte cristo had , from behind the blinds of his pavilion , as <unk> observed the baron , by means of an excellent lorgnette , as	93.57003021240234
danglars himself had scrutinized the house , garden , and servants . will enable me to reach the king ’ s presence without all the formalities of demanding an audience ; that would occasion a loss of precious time . ” must be saved ; as for my body , it is lost . ” ’ s smile . said he , “ here is a strange thing ! to see her too often . in a state of uncertainty . this daring act with so much indifference wore the transtevere costume . m. bertuccio , ” said the count , “ since you have been in paris , you have become quite nervous , and apparently out of your element ; you no longer seem to understand	73.642333984375
me . ” the coadjutor , on seeing him , “ you are in disgrace , then , abbé ? ” ” cried the duke . her hands , as if she could not endure the shame which this name recalled to her . dear monsieur , if you can handle a sword as skillfully as you can a dice box . ” ” said he . , ” said d ’ artagnan . ” disappeared , your majesty , but a man has offered his services instead . small staff . away all my pains ; i could mount him with thirty balls in my body . , but it was easy to see , from the manner in which the hand that held the light trembled	53.63161087036133
, how much it cost him to obey . an ambassador worthy of the high interests he is authorized to discuss with his sovereign . ” her hand , closing her eyes , and leaning with the other upon estafania , for she felt that her strength was about to fail her . be , the eloquence of the grandson of henry iv . of sherry and a biscuit . two or three marines , who brought her trunks and packages , deposited them in a corner , and retired without speaking . de boville ’ s study . chair , andrea threw himself upon the bed ; the keeper retired . of monte cristo ! was dry , led into a deep <unk> . mordaunt , “	71.8681869506836
i could compel you ; i command here . ” ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . monte cristo , “ it is the <unk> of our nature always to believe ourselves much more unhappy than those who groan by our sides ! ” formed a circle . athos ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . to have made you the offer of these horses . and embarrassed , and stopped for the third time . into a broken down old man , with <unk> nose and eyes that <unk> ; we shall find him extended on some lawn , whence he will look at us with a languid eye and <unk> will not recognize us . . ” and instructions were given him . me to say	69.98316955566406
? ” ” said the cardinal after reading the letter , “ is that , at least , in this chase , d ’ artagnan has done me one good turn—he has destroyed broussel . his lessons <unk> , and i will <unk> him , or he must never set his foot again in my house ; —do you understand , madame ? ” , all is lost ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . likes to march with as little baggage as possible . ” ? ” said he . good-morning , ” said albert ; “ your punctuality really alarms me . monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” continued his eminence ; “ you are prudent , which is still better . swear never to utter	61.867130279541016
the name of noirtier ? ” is fixed for the day after tomorrow , and that you have but one day to work in . ” porthos , “ i will run to the hôtel , and engage our comrades to hold themselves in readiness by eight o ’ clock ; the rendezvous , the place du palais-cardinal . and the other chieftains recoiled before this unexpected rescue , which seemed to come from heaven for the prince they already thought was their prisoner , athos and aramis dragged the king from the perjured assembly into which he had so imprudently ventured , and throwing themselves on horseback all three returned at full gallop to the royal tent . ” interposed d ’ artagnan , proudly . your	105.09626007080078
relative , then ? ” , ” cried bonacieux , who saw he had taken a false step , “ that is to say— ” , ” returned caderousse . accompanied this , the englishman understood that it might have been added by some inspector who had taken a momentary interest in dantès ’ situation , but who had , from the remarks we have quoted , found it impossible to give any effect to the interest he had felt . when you have read the letter . ” surprised him , and when she inquired what had become of her lover , it seemed to him that she was the judge , and he the accused . come with me . ” my dear friend—— ” ,	64.90130615234375
in whose journal this paragraph appears , and i shall insist on his <unk> the assertion before two witnesses . ” . ” <unk> faithful friend of cardinal richelieu . ” of his words ? ” mousqueton , “ parry kept it . this , in heaven ’ s name ! ” he said , “ or i shall leave my carcass here and those of all my men . ” d ’ artagnan , “ they will miss me ; if they fire we will ride after the carriage , and exterminate those who may be in it . tell me ? ” asked he . that he had changed his baldric and relinquished his cloak . ( <unk> et <unk> ) ! ’ ” saddle and	73.95866394042969
bridle , to which operation he lent himself with the best grace possible ; then , putting the 4,500 francs into the hands of the astonished dealer , i proceeded to fulfil my intention of passing the night in riding in the champs-élysées . ’ t know , that that is what we ask of you . ” , ” said athos . all now , ” interrupted caderousse ; “ they say the dead know everything . ” waiting to answer , and in two seconds reappeared , bringing on a <unk> , all that his master had ordered , ready prepared , and appearing to have sprung from the ground , like the repasts which we read of in fairy tales . priests struggling and raving	117.99398803710938
like a wild beast , and striving desperately to break the cords that bound his hands . of the vessel , ” replied morrel , “ that was his duty as captain ’ s mate ; as to losing a day and a half off the island of elba , he was wrong , unless the vessel needed <unk> . ” , each of which burnt before a window , one looking upon the city , the other upon the palais royal , and a third upon the rue saint denis . the crowd and fancied that every one was occupied with the same thought that tormented them . is no more , and therefore can have nothing to do with hatred or revenge , so let all	86.34004211425781
such feeling be buried with him . ” shortest of the other three men seemed more attentive than ever to what was going on , wrapping his cloak around him more carefully than before . his service . ” crime will profit , ’ says an axiom of <unk> . ” then ? ” . ” pledged my word , and unless you order me to be arrested i shall be forced to return . ” ” exclaimed the duc de blacas , “ m . monte cristo , “ here are 200,000 francs gone <unk> ” ? ” he was a strapping fellow of forty , or five-and-forty , who had more than once , in time of danger , given ample proof of his presence of	92.56588745117188
mind and courage . ” dantès , “ you are goodness itself . ” you say ? ” , i hope ; that is to say , you are invited , m. danglars , and you , caderousse . ” , who had hitherto saluted everyone with courtesy , but at the same time with coldness and formality , stepped a pace forward , and a slight tinge of red colored his pale cheeks . he said , as he was about to mount and start on his dangerous mission , “ athos , for generosity , is a hero of romance ; porthos has an excellent disposition , but is easily influenced ; aramis has a <unk> countenance , always illegible . albert . ” , ”	79.82319641113281
said grimaud , “ until the last moment . ” the slip , ” said eugénie ; “ this woman to whom we have given twenty louis may betray us for forty ; we will soon alter our direction . ” you imagine he would speak to me ? affair ; on their way he confiscated the two magnificent beasts which were being sent to us , and substituted these horrible animals . ” spite of m. de villefort ’ s promises ? ” as many as we shall want . ” murmured de winter . tomorrow . to go near him—at least tonight ; and if tomorrow your curiosity still continues as great , pursue your researches if you will ; but tonight you neither can nor	126.18955993652344
shall . it was known at marseilles that he had left town in the <unk> , and then it was said that the bills would go to protest at the end of the month , and that morrel had gone away and left his chief clerk emmanuel , and his cashier cocles , to meet the creditors . <unk> every day , so that now they have scarcely any . when he searched on to find in the register this note , placed in a bracket against his name : any enemies ? ” at this very moment extremely uneasy as to the state of affairs ; that his orders are not respected like those of our former <unk> , the deceased cardinal , whose portrait as you	134.09405517578125
see hangs <unk> whatever may be thought of him , it must be allowed that richelieu was great . ” barony was perhaps dependent on that affair . to question this man ; he did not wish to hear from another what he had himself said to planchet . elegant , <unk> young man , was also possessed of considerable talent and ability ; moreover , he was a <unk> recently created one , certainly , but in the present day it is not necessary to go as far back as <unk> in tracing a descent , and a <unk> tree is equally estimated , whether dated from <unk> or merely 1815 ; but to crown all these advantages , albert de morcerf commanded an income of 50,000	191.64154052734375
livres , a more than sufficient sum to render him a personage of considerable importance in paris . admiration , then looked around to see the instrument with which it had been shaped so correctly into form . not be surprised had we been forestalled by cromwell . the parliament , members of which can , of course , be bought , but even monsieur de mazarin is not rich enough to buy the whole body . ” . ’ of love . that such might be the case , i took , in spite of my ignorance of affairs , certain precautions . are an accursed race ! ” , and by a desperate effort severed the cord that bound his legs , at the moment when	105.18781280517578
it seemed as if he were actually strangled . but my messenger is like the <unk> you refer to , for he has posted two hundred and twenty leagues in scarcely three days . ” our epoch the traditions of another reign are troublesome ; since there are two of them already there , let us add a third . ” ” of <unk> and <unk> to be discussed and set to rights . ” has returned to tours . ” soon disappeared with him behind the <unk> of sand unobserved . had cared little for curiosities , was mechanically tearing off the blossoms of a splendid orange-tree , one after another . him , at the bottom of his heart , that he was but an instrument	129.7875213623047
of vengeance , that he was only caressed till he had given death ; but pride , but self-love , but madness silenced this voice and stifled its murmurs . you this title ? ” continued the count in french , “ it is necessary to excite this man ’ s confidence . ” necessary . , plunged his fingers into the holes which the balls had made , and tore up one of the planks entire . hills enough between rome and florence by the way of aquapendente ! ” cried olivain , “ the rope which holds the ferryboat has broken and the boat is <unk> . the saddle , then the old companions in arms again shook hands . project gutenberg™ , including how to	109.12202453613281
make donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , how to help produce our new ebooks , and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new ebooks . would fight , then ? greatly delighted . continued the banker , “ you have perfectly explained to me the sentiments which influence a girl like you , who is determined she will not marry ; now it remains for me to tell you the motives of a father like me , who has decided that his daughter shall marry . ” , for in five minutes the queen entered in full gala costume . to seven , ” returned the duke ( suiting the action to the words ) , “ i raise the crust	119.64747619628906
of the pie ; i find in it two poniards , a ladder of rope , and a gag . you frighten me . serious reflection and becoming more pale than usual , made a sign of assent to d ’ artagnan , who by it understood he was at liberty to speak . ” said monte cristo . . thing . ” madame , ” replied monte cristo , “ but i never eat muscatel grapes . ” ” many things can be done . ” count , “ i know who he is , gentlemen ; will you return to the salon ? , the women ! ” cried the old soldier . is one of my best friends . ” on the head and immediately	43.41024398803711
his face was covered with blood . ” a horse , or will you go afoot ? ” ” said monsieur de retz ; “ they are looking at us. ” and leaving aramis he went to talk with madame de chevreuse , who was in the midst of a large group . , ” said the count , “ that you do not always yourselves understand the signals you repeat . ” gutenberg literary archive foundation was created to provide a secure and <unk> future for project gutenberg™ and future generations . ” he thought to himself , “ how can i take care of both ? an <unk> divan , for the use of <unk> . an hour you will be a king , not a	52.81906509399414
king of a petty kingdom hidden in some corner of europe like france , spain , or england , but king of the world , king of the universe , king of creation ; without bowing at the feet of satan , you will be king and master of all the kingdoms of the earth . tréville porthos and d ’ artagnan roared out both at once . tongue against his teeth informed athos of the gascon ’ s uneasiness . , my dear fellow , ” said château-renaud , “ i can not imagine what objection you can possibly have to mademoiselle <unk> is , setting aside her want of <unk> and somewhat inferior rank , which by the way i don ’ t think you care	117.00559997558594
very much about . i shall not hear , and i shall die without knowing what she has written to me . ” comminges . ” the abbé , closing his hiding-place , and pushing the bed back to its original situation , “ let me hear your story . ” see ? —always to wait till the end of the month . ” he , “ i am chief clerk of the house of thomson & french , of rome . is a man of great foresight and prudence . . boy , ” said old dantès ; “ and heaven bless you in your wife , as it has blessed me in my son ! ” , and made kitty repeat the smallest details of the	58.021846771240234
pretended interview of the _soubrette_ with de wardes when he received the letter ; how he had responded ; what was the expression of his face ; if he seemed very amorous . side to give place to a young man of refined and dignified bearing , with large and open brow , piercing eyes , and black moustache , whom our readers have already seen at marseilles , under circumstances sufficiently dramatic not to be forgotten . inquired valentine , uneasily . , ” replied the major with the greatest possible coolness . yet a musketeer , ” said he to his new friends , as he passed through the gateway of m. de tréville ’ s hôtel , “ at least i have entered upon my	92.8759994506836
apprenticeship , haven ’ t i ? ” enemies of the cardinal said that it was he himself who set these <unk> assassins to work , in order to have , if wanted , the right of using reprisals ; but we must not believe everything ministers say , nor everything their enemies say . sound he heard . ! ” replied d ’ artagnan , who wished for nothing better than an opportunity to distinguish himself under the eye of the lieutenant general . madame , ” replied monte cristo “ but i have an engagement which i can not break . ? , ” said anne of austria . to your fancy , ” replied mazarin . of hunger rather than part with these precious pledges	70.3328628540039
; but now that this ornament may be useful to him or his <unk> , everything must be sacrificed . to you beyond a doubt . ” , to combat the fast of the evening with the nourishment of the morning . , two hundred <unk> hundred pistoles for you and a hundred pistoles for me . we be in accomplishing the necessary work ? ” reply he threw himself into the arms of the <unk> , who received him with great coldness . the remainder of his pistoles in his pocket . us . , the trademark owner , and any distributor under this agreement will not be liable to you for actual , direct , indirect , <unk> , <unk> or <unk> damages even if you	86.38228607177734
give notice of the possibility of such damage . , filled his pockets with the radiant gems and then returned to daylight , when he discovered that his prizes had all changed into common pebbles . but his voice failed him . fortune also ? ” inquired the abbé , with an ironical smile . certainly , but their principles you may ; to learn is not to know ; there are the <unk> and the learned . , — “ it is a pity you do not understand either ancient or modern greek , both of which haydée speaks so <unk> ; the poor child will be obliged to talk to you in italian , which will give you but a very false idea of her powers	130.31661987304688
of conversation . ” , which his father had delighted to train before his window , had all disappeared from the upper part of the house . or three fathoms to reach the boat , for the approach of death seemed to give him supernatural strength . ” said beauchamp , “ what is life ? count , ” he said , “ let us on with all the speed we may . of continuing to interrogate him , made him a long speech upon the danger there is for an obscure citizen to meddle with public matters . ribbons , his face bleeding , felt not only his strength but also his reason going ; a red mist covered his sight , and through this mist he	97.1543197631836
saw a hundred threatening arms stretched over him , ready to seize upon him when he fell . piercing look on this modern babylon , which equally engages the contemplation of the religious <unk> , the <unk> , and the <unk> , — you all day . almost dumb . ” it was the devil who gave way , or the monks who grew tired ; but within three months the penitent reappeared in the world with the reputation of being the most terrible <unk> that ever existed . evening <unk> are brought , ” thought he , “ i will cast them out of the window , and they will think that i have eaten them . ” doubt , of his <unk> confidence by his adventure	105.8981704711914
of chantilly , played with skill and prudence . silent upon the dreadful catastrophe . woman you would dare not fly , i presume ? ” of the poet voiture . clock had not died away when germain announced , “ his excellency the count of monte <unk> ” the involuntary start everyone gave proved how much morcerf ’ s narrative had impressed them , and albert himself could not wholly refrain from <unk> sudden emotion . his carriage , then ? ” a spot on the earth which the cardinal can not reach if he takes the trouble to stretch forth his hand ? my side ! i have not here , as i had there , the ponds of monsieur le prince , where i could	186.05001831054688
catch those beautiful carp , nor the forests of his highness to provide me with partridges . her hands , and fell on her knees . word ? ” said bazin , “ where was he carried ? ” it arrived and i never received it until the month of april , <unk> ; and as the invitation was for september , 1646 , i couldn ’ t accept it . the head of the first . assembly when they saw that the confidence of the prisoner increased in proportion to the terror of m. de villefort . ! ” and a frightful , <unk> laugh finished the sentence , which was lost in a hoarse rattle . news to you ? ’ artagnan ’ s arms .	71.22489929199219
fetch them , and come to my apartment . he , in so changed a tone that no one would have supposed it was the same person <unk> “ besides , who says that it will begin again ? ” now , and yet you are yourself no longer ; you who , like <unk> , verge on the angelic , are but an inert mass , which , like <unk> , <unk> on the brutal ; and this is called in human tongues , as i tell you , neither more nor less than apoplexy . therefore , more at my ease , <unk> <unk> , in a subject of my own choice , which would be to these hard theological questions what <unk> are to <unk>	104.7544937133789
in philosophy . ” effectually force you ; ” and monte cristo drew another packet from his pocket . after this conversation the report was circulated that the prince de condé had arrived . in the united states , you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook . the two friends rode on . that which personally concerned him , for he never beheld again the five persons i have named to you , or heard mention of anyone of them . ” fere ! ” he cried in his turn . worth , porthos ? ” , are not a courtier . ! ” interrupted the procureur , shrugging his shoulders . de winter would have brought	67.93988037109375
up that young viper ? the crowd of guests rushed in alarm into the principal salon as if some frightful monster had entered the apartments , <unk> <unk> <unk> . ” asked aramis . upon the carriage they had left , and seeing that it was empty , she said : her . worth . ” my treasure , my hope . . ” he went on with a smile ; “ i will remain here , rush on the first person that opens the door , strangle him , and then they will guillotine me . ” great interest in him , asked him whence he came , who were his friends , and whether he had not sometimes thought of attaching himself to the cardinal .	83.3964614868164
the best of <unk> beauty , her noble appearance , and the liberality with which she distributed her pistoles . cried mousqueton , with open arms and eyes full of tears . bought for less ; but while d ’ artagnan was discussing the price with the dealer , athos was counting out the money on the table . <unk> thing i am , ” said she with feverish volubility ; “ i don ’ t know my way . , ” said he , calmly , “ believe that i know and appreciate , more than anybody , the merit of the incomparable eminence by whom we have the honor to be <unk> . ” d ’ artagnan to himself . said porthos , “ you appear	59.820770263671875
to be in a somewhat better humor to-day than you were yesterday . eminence be reassured . the high forehead , courage in the dark eye and bent brow , and frankness in the thick lips that showed a set of pearly teeth . asked mazarin , turning pale . trouble . isn ’ t contrary to the rules . ” brow as he said : , like his friend ’ s ; he not only gets used to his captivity , but jokes about it . ” ” replied the king ’ s attorney , as in an almost joyful manner he conducted her to the door . a gascon as when i saw you at meung , twenty-two years ago , you know ; alas !	93.33380889892578
” and he concluded his speech with a deep sigh . was raised and a noble and handsome head , but frightfully pale , appeared under the fringe . then . . rid of the dormice that eat his peaches whispered to each other . the seminary from nine years old ; in three days i should have been twenty . words and bent so forward over the rock that one might have supposed he was about to precipitate himself from it . you , my dear doctor , that you may be deceived . ” marseilles , that really i believe that the respectable inhabitants will in time go without any clothing whatever . declivity of twelve or fifteen feet . it they want to know ?	101.32661437988281
is done already . one of these two is about to die ; the other has many years to live . ” the count , shrugging his shoulders , “ shall i tell you the cause of all these <unk> ? that the four friends seemed to have no acquaintance with one another . who told you something which made you angry ? monte cristo , “ with your post-horses going at the rate of two leagues an hour , and that absurd law that one traveller shall not pass another without permission , so that an invalid or ill-tempered traveller may detain those who are well and active , it is impossible to move ; i escape this annoyance by travelling with my own postilion and horses	97.75070190429688
; do i not , ali ? ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ we are observed . ” the angry look . the affirmative , and pointed to a dozen bodies which he had set up in the most picturesque attitudes . will go on by the <unk> 6 . was an easy one . ” said planchet , “ is it you ? ” this moment , the religious ecstasy in which she appeared to be plunged gave such an expression to her countenance , that felton was so dazzled that he fancied he beheld the angel whom he had only just before heard . since you are so liberal , i ought to offer you something . ” tall , the president offered	56.01366424560547
him the side of the <unk> to assist him in getting down . already mounted . mind to take a wife from paris . ” ” said debray , “ you have come in the nick of time . the old man . , it is because we generally judge under the influence of excitement . then , to my good and faithful parisians , ” continued anne , with a smile , the expression of which did not deceive d ’ artagnan , “ that you have seen the king in bed , asleep , and the queen also ready to retire . ” that . ” ” replied caderousse ; “ say no more about it ; i will take all the consequences upon myself .	39.952232360839844
” ” said morrel , “ if this be so , it must be a miracle of heaven ! she summoned you this morning and that she told you to return at five o ’ clock . ” ” said the queen . his friends at the café de paris , so that the innkeeper , picking it up after andrea had left , was convinced that he had let his horse to the count of <unk> , 25 rue <unk> , that being the name and address on the card . old casket which stood in a corner of the room , and which was full of <unk> referring to an estate during a period of two hundred years lost to his family . ” throw again	56.0255241394043
, do you not ? ” the water <unk> over his burning brow and over his body , agitated by feverish <unk> . morrel , recovering his assurance as he proceeded , “ do you recollect that a few days before the landing of his majesty the emperor , i came to intercede for a young man , the mate of my ship , who was accused of being concerned in correspondence with the island of elba ? had engaged to serve on board _la jeune amélie_ having expired , dantès took leave of the captain , who at first tried all his powers of persuasion to induce him to remain as one of the crew , but having been told the history of the <unk> , he	94.21558380126953
ceased to <unk> him further . , and would have gone down to her grandfather ’ s room , but on the stairs she met m. de villefort , who took her arm and led her into the drawing-room . ; but god has supplied man with the intelligence that enables him to overcome the <unk> of natural conditions . forgive for my sake , who love you still ! ” my heart , all the gratitude i feel , will reward you ! with full success have been long meditated upon , and carefully arranged ; such , for instance , as the escape of the duc de beaufort from the château de vincennes , that of the abbé <unk> from for l ’ evêque ; of	88.60003662109375
<unk> from the bastille . window , he guarded the door . ” very candidly , but as this is intended only for ourselves , i do not see why i should weigh my words . villefort approached . men can do much , assure yourself , madame ; and those of whom i speak performed great things at one time . ” . not you who have directly made this <unk> and brought this sorrow on us , but you <unk> provoked it . ” <unk> against such infamy ? ” asked the abbé ; “ if not , you were an accomplice . ” brother ! ” she cried . as he had often been to see me when the king was at newcastle . said	72.63823699951172
he . who <unk> ; she has a clear and penetrating judgment , and does not smile on the proposed union . said athos , taking some small change from his pocket , “ <unk> ” , gentlemen , you know that i was the means of monsieur de rochefort ’ s escape ; well , i was very near being hung by mazarin and that made me more popular than ever . ” he sent for me to his house , gave me money for my journey , procured a horse , and made me promise not to stop till i had reached you , i have come in fifteen hours . ” anger , he left the apartment . hair . as he opened the door	73.50589752197266
, the stranger bowed and took his leave , and the carriage conveyed him straight to the house of m. de villefort . few words how d ’ artagnan had been led to choose that place of residence . dying ! ” , and it is true . ” ” in seeking to avenge his father was so natural that château-renaud did not seek to <unk> him , and was content with renewing his assurances of devotion . business ! ” murmured d ’ artagnan <unk> his note . ” exclaimed château-renaud , who because he had seen his <unk> summer fancied himself duly <unk> in assuming a sort of paternal air with his more youthful friend , “ you young people are never satisfied ; why ,	92.44009399414062
what would you have more ? ” debray , “ but then ostia is only a few leagues from rome . ” athos , “ madame , in the name of heaven , whose empty glass is this ? ” and i repeat it for the third time ; that house is one inhabited by my friend , and that friend is aramis . ” , which , enclosed between two <unk> , and <unk> by the <unk> <unk> of the <unk> , seemed , but for the difficulties of its descent , that path to <unk> of which virgil speaks . d ’ artagnan , ” cried aramis , “ you are killing me ! ” a great chemist , and the elixir you administered to my	61.617000579833984
son , which recalled him to life almost <unk> ” , madame has visitors . ” ? ” almost screamed the countess . conducted him straight to the bastille , where he passed trembling before a party of soldiers who were loading their muskets . to see you , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ although i am not yet sure that it is aramis i am speaking to . ” . you know him already . ” his camp tin cup , filled it with wine and arose . by the help of two signs , with which i will acquaint you presently , you may ascertain with perfect certainty that my grandfather is still in the full possession of all his mental faculties . forget	117.8320083618164
that i have done everything in my power to prevent a rupture . ” longer a riot , madame , ” he replied , “ but a revolt . ” ” replied milady ; “ she first , and he afterward . ” a signal , and , as if only awaiting this signal , the yacht instantly put out to sea . ” said monte cristo , “ i understand your emotion ; you must have time to recover yourself . ” answered the host , even more surprised at the question than he had been by the silence which had preceded it ; “ i am gaspard caderousse , at your service . ” ” continued caderousse , “ the marriage took place in the church	46.36845397949219
of accoules . ” thee ! ” , aramis continued his way with d ’ artagnan , and both soon arrived at athos ’ s dwelling . the count , “ do not joke in so loud a tone ; haydée may hear you , perhaps . ” me , and did not leave me ; it is of this <unk> thought that i now bear the punishment . ” home in thoughtful mood , finding a somewhat lively pleasure in carrying mazarin ’ s bag of money and thinking of that fine diamond which he had once called his own and which he had seen on the minister ’ s finger that night . keeper of the seals , looks more than once for the bell chapter	83.50672912597656
xvii . my friend wilmore is peculiar , but he is sincere , and as rich as a gold mine , consequently , he may indulge his <unk> without any fear of their ruining him , and i have promised to adhere to his instructions . said beauchamp , in the most affectionate tone , “ i should gladly make an apology ; but , alas ! <unk> ” once or twice at madame de morcerf ’ s , among the rest ; she appeared to me charming , though rather melancholy . . the best possible friends , and m. de morcerf even wished to take him to the chamber to hear the speakers . ” accursed spot , a little behind the trampled ground , was	117.29624938964844
the same track of small feet as in the garden ; the carriage had stopped here . as much happiness as this world can possibly confer . ” me . see what you know . ” ” said monte cristo whose countenance brightened at these words ; “ you wish it—you are inflexible . your journey a certain monsieur mordaunt , distrust him , in a letter i can not say more . ” what then ? ” and resumed his usual calm manner , at the same time casting his eyes down , either to give himself time to compose his countenance , or to assist his imagination , all the while giving an <unk> at the count , the <unk> smile on whose lips still announced	97.72362518310547
the same polite curiosity . island , up the side of which ascended a volume of smoke , increasing as it rose . idea , and maybe i should find my friend under the name of achilles . that house , which villefort himself had called accursed ? so ? ” he said , “ i feel that my place is not in the judge ’ s seat , but on the prisoner ’ s bench . ” council of state , ” d ’ artagnan remarked to porthos ; “ but we held better ones at la rochelle , with athos and aramis . ” determined to put an end to all these petty intrigues of policy and love . read these two lines , sank into	86.88623046875
a profound reverie ; but he did not return the paper to d ’ artagnan . , at half-past ten in the morning , rue du helder , no . the boulevard , on my way here , ” said beauchamp . the month of april , 1625 , the market town of meung , in which the author of <unk> of the <unk> was born , appeared to be in as perfect a state of revolution as if the huguenots had just made a second la rochelle of it . riches chimerical ? <unk> of the brain of the poor abbé faria , had they not died with him ? . <unk> the fashionable <unk> number 6 , and he undertook to call and take d ’	84.56375122070312
artagnan with him in order to introduce him . death ; and still further , upon my honor , i don ’ t like english horses . again appeared ; all eyes were fixed on the door , and i , ” said beauchamp , “ shared the general expectation and anxiety . said the young girl . , monsieur , ’ i replied ; ‘ he has perished by the poniard . ’ , under the prince , count . ” which he meant to imply , “ very well. ” the carriage again moved on . . ” ’ s way amid these turbulent and conflicting waves , it was necessary to be an officer , a great noble , or a pretty woman . the	72.16357421875
city . replied the stranger , “ is so well known to the prefect that he wishes as a magistrate to ascertain from you some particulars connected with the public safety , to ascertain which i am deputed to see you . for my d ’ artagnan , the noble and loyal gentleman ? ” spoke to m. de tréville of the exploit of the morning , which was the talk of the whole camp . , and as if to prevent my <unk> the testimony of only one of my senses , i heard my glass <unk> same which is there now on the table . ” seat , pale and cold . switch with a nail at the end of it , with which he urged	74.85037994384766
on his slow <unk> , was walking with the cart . for from a chemist ’ s that i have not examined ? ” trembling not for himself but for the poor woman who had evidently exposed herself to great danger by <unk> this rendezvous . young man ; do not fatigue yourself with speaking . about to retire ; but when he reached the door , he paused , and then said , “ at what o ’ clock does your excellency wish the carriage and horses to be ready ? ” you know . have worn these studs was at a ball given by the king eight days ago at windsor . to wound him . joy , but delirium . and motionless , having but	105.91574096679688
the force of will and not the power of execution . never did <unk> , produce a greater effect on the <unk> . ” and tried to climb it ; but the wall had been recently pointed , and d ’ artagnan could get no hold . still ali , thanks to his wild nature , and the count , thanks doubtless to his long confinement , could distinguish in the darkness the slightest movement of the trees . office is located at 809 north 1500 west , salt lake city , ut 84116 , ( 801 ) 596-1887 . was twisting his mustache ; aramis was saying his prayers in a charming little book of hours , bound in blue velvet . them drink it . ”	205.54156494140625
! ” said porthos , “ i am sorry for that ; it would have been one language more . ” ” added athos and the other two . in the bed , shook the curtains , opened the closets , and finally stopped at the chimney . said to morcerf , “ you are most welcome as the friend of my lord and master. ” this was said in excellent tuscan , and with that soft roman accent which makes the language of dante as sonorous as that of homer . find them out by accident , but from our notions . the bearer of the letter , is naturally the head of the enterprise ; let him decide , and we will execute . ” were	70.34319305419922
standing on the steps , whilst the unhappy man seemed to suffer dreadful pain and yet to be concerned only to know if he was followed by the monk . to me , d ’ avrigny ? ” said villefort in despair ; “ so soon as another is admitted into our secret , an inquest will become necessary ; and an inquest in my <unk> ! foundation ( “ the foundation ” or pglaf ) , owns a compilation copyright in the collection of project gutenberg™ electronic works . make their appearance in the ante-chamber , where about a dozen noblemen were collected in waiting . said franz . he was <unk> some unfortunate idea in his mind . , my nubian mute , whom you saw	102.08705139160156
, i think , at rome . ” replied the young princess , “ a cavalier has just entered the louvre and wishes to present his respects to your majesty ; he arrives from the army and has , he says , a letter to remit to you , on the part of the marechal de grammont , i think . ” ” said the countess , “ and my fears are weakness , especially when directed against a man who has saved your life . say , sir ? ” cried morcerf , turning livid with rage . vengeance upon milady . . i shall feel much pleasure . ” off to his post , whistling a tune then popular among the party called the “ fronde	73.22480773925781
, ” whilst mazarin returned , in a pensive mood , toward the palais royal . their promise . ” for it is with the justice of all countries especially that i have occupied <unk> is with the criminal <unk> of all nations that i have compared natural justice , and i must say , sir , that it is the law of <unk> nations , that is , the law of <unk> , that i have most frequently found to be according to the law of god . ” i will content myself with arresting you ! ” the corner of the rue de la <unk> ; she had returned to the catalans , and had despairingly cast herself on her couch . speak of ? ”	59.113014221191406
preference for this gentleman . about ? ’ said caderousse . on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement . paces of you , monsieur , ” replied the procurator ’ s wife ; “ but you did not perceive me because you had no eyes but for the pretty lady to whom you just now gave the holy water . ” , are not prisoners , ” returned mazarin , with his ironical smile , “ only guests ; but guests so precious that i have put a grating before each of their windows and bolts to their doors , that they may not refuse to continue my visitors . d ’	78.28924560546875
artagnan , “ i comprehend ! still in the <unk> , d ’ artagnan ? ” so heavy when i was in peril , ” interrupted the queen , with a sad smile , “ and i ask no more for my husband than has been done for me ; you see that we are very humble monarchs , sir . ” , but aramis was furious ; the sight of such royal misery exasperated him and his eyes examined every new trace of poverty that presented itself . what athos had said respecting mme . rode ; it belonged to the butcher , who lets it out now and then to m. bazin . la fere requests ; that is your name , is it not ,	79.54051208496094
sir ? ” gone to fetch her , no doubt , from madame de morcerf ’ s ; i will await her return , and beg her to come up here . , asking bicarat what o ’ clock it could be , and offering him his compliments upon his brother ’ s having just obtained a company in the regiment of navarre ; but , jest as he might , he gained nothing . . he heard a tremendous noise and found a dense crowd near the house . known among the honorable corps of the king ’ s musketeers , in which it was known he would one day take his place ; he was considered beforehand as a comrade . opinion , sir , ”	77.60857391357422
said the major , “ and i—— ” with me ? ” he said ; “ i shall pass by blois . ” commission which i have intrusted to you ? ” ” said d ’ arminges , “ it is the common lot ; even an executioner is not exempted . it may please the count to take me , ” said morrel , with a smile full of grief ; “ i am under his orders for the next month . ” a sign with his hand , to which bonacieux replied by bowing to the ground . owner we ’ d shake hands on it now , my dear dantès , and call it settled ; but i have a partner , and you know	51.922454833984375
the italian <unk> ha <unk> ha <unk> ‘ he who has a partner has a master. ’ but the thing is at least half done , as you have one out of two votes . francs , —it was , you know , the month of the spanish bonds . mania of which you spoke just now , that of living again in their grandchildren . name of your wife and daughter and of the children you have still in london , and i say to you , ‘ live , sire , ’ —it is the will of heaven . ” ! ” are ; we must not send for a notary , but for a doctor ! ” , on which were paper , pens and	92.95677185058594
ink , she hastily began to write . ’ artagnan . ” answered m. morrel ; “ but still he is <unk> ” girl , villefort , ” said the marquise . madame , —this is the terrible news i have to tell you , ” said villefort in a hollow <unk> “ no , nothing was found beneath the flowers ; there was no child <unk> . no longer like a furious woman , but like a wounded panther . influence you , because it is only my own personal impression . ” up ? ” he asked again . you are ! ” exclaimed danglars , calling to his assistance all his philosophy and dissimulation . house be sent to yanina ? and his wife hurried	73.42112731933594
down with lamps into the cellar , which had so long been <unk> to them and where a frightful spectacle awaited them . ” ” downfall of the man , but over the defeat of the <unk> idea , that they rejoiced , and in this they foresaw for themselves the bright and cheering prospect of a <unk> political existence . been presented . ” the cup under the name of lord <unk> ” very ill indeed ! ” continued morrel , answering his own thoughts . his head was bent down , his arms were powerless . , as i have just heard ? ” <unk> ! , from the fund deposited by me , the sum of a million , and charge the same to my	109.34385681152344
account . will refresh your memory . d ’ artagnan , calm as he was in general , felt an unusual disturbance within his <unk> powerful during the whole course of life are the recollections of youth . and taking a letter from his <unk> , presented it to raoul . hunting and <unk> , and had one day when conversing on this great art astonished even louis xiii . christian ? ” he said , falling on his knees . sent for ! ” swear it ! ” of the carriage : returned monte cristo “ you know full well that whenever we part , it will be no fault or wish of mine ; the tree <unk> not the <unk> flower falls from the tree .	109.6032943725586
” she , “ if everything does not second us ! village planchet turned to the left in obedience to the orders of aramis , and stopped underneath the window which had light in it . on the first day of every month , and you will receive the same sum . ” barrois gradually increased , the features of the face became quite altered , and the convulsive movement of the muscles appeared to indicate the approach of a most serious nervous disorder . renée , “ i can not help regretting you had not chosen some other profession than your <unk> physician , for instance . tastes united to greater magnificence . a sword thrust , why then— ” who my father is , ” said	126.77445983886719
the obstinate youth ; “ i will perish if i must , but i _will_ know it . , it seems . ” remained under the arbor ; do you not remember , that while you were seated on a stone bench , and while , as i told you , mademoiselle de villefort and your young son were absent , you conversed for a considerable time with somebody ? ” at last a baron , and d ’ artagnan a captain . , which makes us proceed from a known to an unknown quantity , and not from an unknown to a known ; but sit down , sir , i beg of you . ” ” , just as d ’ artagnan and his companions were	75.04715728759766
prepared to mount . weak mind , was wanting in generosity . choose your part , ” replied jussac . arms of the count ; emmanuel embraced him as a guardian angel ; morrel again fell on his knees , and struck the ground with his forehead . herblay , ” resumed de winter , “ is one of those gallant musketeers formerly belonging to his majesty king louis xiii. , of whom i have spoken to you , <unk> ” then turning to athos , he continued , “ and this gentleman is that noble comte de la fere , whose high reputation is so well known to your majesty . ” me there one day with you . ” his real name ( as was the	83.40648651123047
case with those of his two comrades ) , his life was very easily known . then ? ” man to you ? ” when albert bent his steps to his mother ’ s room ; and , no one being there to announce him , he advanced to her bedchamber , and distressed by what he saw and guessed , stopped for one moment at the door . great grief is insensible to minor emotions . for word , a sentence which he had heard from the comte de rochefort ; but the poor wife , who had reckoned on her husband , and who , in that hope , had answered for him to the queen , did not tremble the less , both at the	74.02559661865234
danger into which she had nearly cast herself and at the helpless state to which she was reduced . in time ; i feel my life fast <unk> . ” greatest perplexity possible . ? ” inquired the vicomte de bragelonne . , ” said the host . lived . my lord . ” coming over yonder . ” his self-control , was visibly affected , and when monte cristo touched his hand , he felt it tremble . was not quite at ease , excited by its carelessness , at once full of dignity and submission , the admiration of d ’ artagnan , who beheld in these two men <unk> , and in their leader an <unk> jupiter , armed with all his thunders . the	86.68916320800781
contrary , rose , and going with a firm step towards the door , opened it , saying , as she did so : ? ” said d ’ artagnan . the duke , and announced to him in the terms directed that a messenger awaited him . can behead me with a single blow ? ” asked the king . ten by st. paul ’ s . his piercing glance on the young man , on whose heart caderousse ’ s words fell like molten lead . of their horses , not theirs . ” , but i owe this money to the charity fund , —a deposit which i promised to pay this morning . ” are not guilty toward me , and i have already	69.9256591796875
pardoned you . ” me ? ” of monte cristo , and gathered a bunch of muscatel grapes . that the owner was a smuggler , ” replied the sailor . d ’ artagnan listened to these details with increasing interest ; before grimaud had finished he rose without noise and putting his mouth to aramis ’ s ear , and at the same time touching him on the shoulder to prevent a sudden movement : light , they rise but to mislead . door . ” interrupted d ’ artagnan . , —two , perhaps , into silence . was you ! ” filled with roman peasants . ” is ready . give it away or re-use it under the terms of the project gutenberg license included	81.9989013671875
with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org . unfortunate prince ? has taken the place of liberty , the first desire of a manly heart is to possess a weapon , which at once renders him capable of defence or attack , and , by rendering its owner terrible , often makes him feared . porthos , that i continue to study theology for that purpose . ” barthois ! brought mine with me , ” replied albert . arrived ; two feet of earth removed , and dantès ’ fate would be decided . my caprices , my wants . , cured ; and one fine morning , in better health than ever before , he set out for france . all this to turn a head	175.14073181152344
only twenty-three years old , and mme . chapter 77 . chapter xxiii . door , and seeing the apartment , had returned to the man in the cloak , whom he had left alone for an instant . dark could not find the right key . order me to arrest the devil , i would seize him by the horns and would bring him in . ” are in a constant state of change . no other safe and satisfactory way . ” of the story chalais ’ s esquire relates ? ” asked another musketeer , without addressing anyone in particular , but on the contrary speaking to everybody . health , and the travelers returned his politeness . , you will sup with me ,	99.48487854003906
will you not ? ” asked aramis . he was <unk> prudence with respect to himself . duchess . clock in the morning . ; see what confidence i have in you ! ” exclaimed julie ; “ do you leave us thus , so suddenly , without any preparations for your journey , without even a passport ? ” bow with m. de boville , who was standing in the <unk> , and who was introduced into danglars ’ room as soon as the count had left . and the laughing recommenced . is proud of them ; he is better pleased with rewards given to the benefactors of man than to his <unk> . ” milady to herself ; “ without thinking what it is ,	61.16799545288086
he calls it a crime ! ” then aloud , “ the friend of that wretch is capable of everything . ” , although i am astonished that you know it . ” at this explanation of the thoughts which had unconsciously been working in his mind , or rather soul ; for there are two distinct sorts of ideas , those that proceed from the head and those that emanate from the heart . agitated you seem ! ” know whatever i desire to know , and i can promise you i am not wanting in curiosity . overcome a wild beast like you ; in the name of that god i act , <unk> that , wretch , —and to spare thee at this moment is	102.09580993652344
still serving him . ” the activity , and more particularly the hatred , of buckingham . among these forty there had been one good way he would have been out long ago . ” there a charming hotel , with a court and garden . ” as the guardsmen were only two against four , they began to cry , “ to the rescue ! , the first man , in short , at the court , he had been obliged to yield his place to mazarin and so became the second in influence and favor ; and eventually , as he was stupid enough to be vexed at this change of position , the queen had had him arrested and sent to vincennes in charge of	124.20160675048828
guitant , who made his appearance in these pages in the beginning of this history and whom we shall see again . ” he repeated ; “ ‘ delirium , ’ do you say ? forget my purse ? ” ” muttered the count , “ fire can not burn , nor water drown it ! bits of paper ? ” <unk> the troops summoned by the prince arrived in successive detachments . for you , valentine ? ” losing her senses ! ” said , “ the wood that i am <unk> is his ; i cut it in his <unk> and i am taking it to the chateau . ” of that ; or , if she did , it was only in the same way	77.84295654296875
in which i think of her . ” milady ; “ let us not , even here , speak thus of him . worked in me the change you see ; i was dried up like a miserable tree , isolated , attached to nothing on earth ; it was only a deep affection that could make me take root again and drag me back to life . may be relied on . ” i should say , for instance , ” resumed danglars , “ that if after a voyage such as dantès has just made , in which he touched at the island of elba , someone were to denounce him to the king ’ s procureur as a bonapartist <unk> ” s good , ”	96.02738189697266
said albert , with a gloomy tone . again , ” said château-renaud ; “ pray have compassion upon me , and do not take up every word i say . ” too warm , in my opinion , about the fate of madame bonacieux . think of holding out against a whole regiment , do you ? ” said porthos . old , and <unk> to the family . morcerf , ” answered monte cristo . ’ s envoy desired to retain his incognito . i think you said . ” . ” . ” and yet wished to kill your friend the chevalier ? ” were a friend of mine , i should ask you if you would sell your horse . ” midst of her	45.700443267822266
<unk> . soldiers at the door of each drawing-room , and was advancing towards danglars , preceded by a commissary of police , girded with his scarf . . i am at home there . ” master , or have i ceased to be your slave ? ” ’ artagnan had quarters in the rue tiquetonne , at the hotel de la chevrette . these ideas . it . thomas-du-louvre they stopped at the barrier distinguished by the name of <unk> . grimaud , ” said athos , “ and we , gentlemen , will go on with our breakfast , and resume our conversation . , by all the gods , that she did not know aramis ; and a quarter of an hour after having made	47.59477996826172
this assertion , he found her hanging on the arm of aramis . you say , athos and aramis are in real danger , this is not the time to abandon them . seated before his desk , one of the drawers of which was partly open . leader of smugglers , ” continued franz , “ venture to build a vessel designed for such a purpose at genoa ? ” ” , ” he resumed , “ do you wish to become a captain ? ” had disappeared , only i had still the knife in my hand . king had halted to fly the magpie , and the four friends , according to their custom , instead of following the sport had stopped at a cabaret	67.38127899169922
on the high road , a man coming from la rochelle on horseback pulled up at the door to drink a glass of wine , and darted a searching glance into the room where the four musketeers were sitting . man , but the woman told me that if any misfortune happened to her betrothed , she would kill herself . ” closet of the wounded duke laporte and patrick . replied . ’ s choice succeeded them , and never left till about ten or eleven o ’ clock , when valentine was asleep . cried anne of austria . a sacrilege . too true , ” said comminges , “ ’ tis almost a prison ; but what a singular fancy this is of yours ,	67.44901275634766
<unk> , who are the very flower of our <unk> <unk> your valor and loyalty amongst these upstarts , the frondists ! woman was entirely unknown to her . the comte de la fere . ” forget your eyes when you run ? ” asked porthos . he was , i would console myself ; but to be in the midst of persons elevated by myself to places of honor , who ought to watch over me more carefully than over themselves , —for my fortune is <unk> me they were <unk> me they will be nothing , and perish miserably from <unk> ! how a gardener may get rid of the dormice that eat his peaches . ” the duke and the scream of patrick , the	118.79718017578125
man whom felton had met in the antechamber rushed into the chamber . ladder , when he found no more support for his feet , he clung with his hands ; at length , arrived at the last step , he let himself hang by the strength of his wrists , and touched the ground . what had become of edmond . franz to his friend , “ what think you of all this ? ” , she looked at the manly countenance of monte cristo , on which grief and hatred still impressed a threatening expression . ” he said , “ if you will make haste , we shall yet have time to finish the night at torlonia ’ s . kinds of people about ,	67.04651641845703
who were in a state of stupefaction at the unexpected arrival of the court , he whispered in his friend ’ s ear . officer who had been sent to constantinople resounded on all sides amongst our palikares ; it was evident that he brought the answer of the emperor , and that it was favorable . ” the carmelites of béthune . the queen , “ it is requested . ” owe her . ” flattered him , for certainly , as you say , he has no manner . of it . forgive him . ” . ” that that did the business ; after <unk> heavily for twelve hours we sprung a <unk> . down , seize the man unawares and bring him to you	67.8209228515625
ready gagged . ” but he was desirous of testing his strength , and , brought up in the principles of athos and certain of having heard him speak a thousand times of stages of twenty-five leagues , he did not wish to fall far short of his model . porthos ; his opinion has been given . ” ” exclaimed mazarin , piteously . , ” said the duke , “ you are the only man to turn such <unk> compliments . ” that people came <unk> to the scene of action from all sides . herblay , —i learned from d ’ artagnan who has embraced me on the part of the comte de la fere and yourself , that you are setting out on a	69.17361450195312
journey which may perhaps last two or three months ; as i know that you do not like to ask money of your friends i offer you some of my own accord . and the seven lean <unk> . ” said the latter ; “ prince cavalcanti , where are you ? ” you say strange things , ” said aramis . he , “ yes , that would flatter me very much ; but i should not have time enough to enjoy the distinction . of it now . ” and half the garden , and building a wall between the garden and the <unk> , had let them upon lease with the pavilions at the bottom of the garden . the story relative to the diamond	54.08393478393555
, and there existed no such person as the abbé busoni , then , indeed , i was lost past redemption , or , at least , my life hung upon the feeble chance of caderousse himself being apprehended and confessing the whole truth . cavalcanti to himself , “ if i only had that britzka , those two good post-horses , and above all the passport that carries them on ! ” and he sighed deeply . dear count , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ his eminence didn ’ t actually insist on our attending him ; it is du vallon and i who have insisted , and even in a manner somewhat <unk> , perhaps , so great was our longing to see you	109.14617156982422
. ” had returned to his service , not in the army of his majesty the emperor of austria , but at the <unk> of the baths of lucca , of which he was one of the most assiduous courtiers . an angel ! ” was also <unk> off , ” he answered , moving backward and forward as he spoke ; “ and had it not been for the hostess , ” he added , with his air of vulgar <unk> , “ who is very agreeable and understands a joke , i should have got a lodging elsewhere . ” the tuileries ? ” and find that young man with your daughter , he might be displeased . ” my poor sister would go to the	53.049705505371094
town , five or six leagues off , to purchase the earliest fruits and the most tempting sweetmeats , preferred to palma grapes or genoese preserves , the chestnuts stolen from a neighbor ’ s orchard , or the dried apples in his loft , when he could eat as well of the <unk> and apples that grew in my garden . next day to milady ’ s , and finding her in a very ill-humor , had no doubt that it was lack of an answer from m. de wardes that provoked her thus . as others . ” and a flask of monte <unk> , was the bill of fare . . ” sir , ” said danglars to fernand , “ here is a marriage	127.19310760498047
which does not appear to make everybody happy . ” mother , ” said albert , putting his hand to the bell , “ they must be taken into the antechamber . buy a pretty little house with two acres of land ; the remaining twenty thousand will bring you in a thousand francs a year . ” a second glance toward parry , on whose face such an expression of joy was manifested that charles stretched out his hand to him , smiling . ! ” exclaimed the cavalier . his hiding-place with a beating heart , and looked through the small opening in the gate ; there was yet no one to be seen . , hasten ! he could gain that of her mistress .	55.192893981933594
silent grimaud , divided into ten portions . ” ” guard . ” an indescribable desire to know what was going on in the dungeon of his unfortunate friend . blaisois , “ i warn you that i can only swim in rivers . ” render an account to herself of the changes she could place upon her countenance , so <unk> and so expressive , she made it take all expressions from that of passionate anger , which convulsed her features , to that of the most sweet , most affectionate , and most <unk> smile . these matters ( forgive me if i begin by speaking of myself , but i must claim that importance which has been given to me , not assumed by me	131.17214965820312
) he who has arranged matters for the return of the cardinal , ought , it appears to me , in order that his reward may not be unworthy of your majesty , to be made commandant of the <unk> appointment something like that of captain of the musketeers . ” , athos , ” said d ’ artagnan , shrugging his shoulders . go , in the name of heaven ! to a climax , and set all <unk> at defiance , was the knowledge that the same stranger who had in the morning visited the allées de meilhan had been seen in the evening walking in the little village of the catalans , and afterwards observed to enter a poor fisherman ’ s hut , and	62.555850982666016
to pass more than an hour in inquiring after persons who had either been dead or gone away for more than fifteen or sixteen years . cardinal arrive , he will take no notice ; if it is monsieur d ’ artagnan and his friends , he will bring them to us . ” him , morrel remained an instant standing with his eyes fixed on the door ; then putting forth his arm , he pulled the bell . he played at whist , and then care was taken to select <unk> worthy of <unk> they were ambassadors , sometimes <unk> , or sometimes a prince , or a president , or some <unk> duchess . by the rebuke he had received , repeated what the concierge	100.26155853271484
had said . at this scene that he took andrea by the hands and began examining his person , <unk> the sudden submission of the inmates of the lions ’ den to something more <unk> than mere fascination . cried raoul . artagnan took quarters in that hotel , the mistress of the house , a pretty and fresh looking flemish woman , twenty-five or twenty-six years old , had been singularly interested in him ; and after certain love passages , much <unk> by an inconvenient husband to whom a dozen times d ’ artagnan had made a pretence of passing a sword through his body , that husband had disappeared one fine morning , after <unk> selling certain choice lots of wine , carrying away with	194.70977783203125
him money and jewels . very simple , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i expected this letter . wind . , i guess your wishes , and that is all that ’ s necessary , ” said madeleine . for d ’ artagnan and for porthos . , and confessions die in my breast . each other , fearing really to abuse the count ’ s kindness . , ” said mordaunt , “ his commands are not to be disputed . , ” replied the queen , “ that your enemies are mine . ” to come with them . athos , leaning down his head as if to remember who it could be . the influence of the scene , bend over their balconies	41.39906311035156
, or lean from their windows , and shower down confetti , which are returned by bouquets ; the air seems darkened with the falling confetti and flying flowers . overheard by him at the colosseum , between the count and vampa , in which the count had promised to obtain the release of the bandit peppino , —an engagement which , as our readers are aware , he most faithfully fulfilled . hurry yourself a little , monsieur monk . ” said a voice which he recognized as that of the mendicant , whom he found lying on a kind of <unk> bed . for a better to sail round the world . ” to say to me ; i had risked my life and favor to	128.36312866210938
see you but for a second . caderousse ; “ it is so <unk> that your hat can easily appear to have blown off . ” i understand , ” replied the patron , “ to find the entrance to the enchanted apartment . head bowed beneath the weight of grief , and , shaking his damp , dishevelled hair , he who had never felt compassion for anyone determined to seek his father , that he might have someone to whom he could relate his misfortunes , <unk> by whose side he might weep . épinay ; i think he tasted them one day . ” of that cottage , silent and obscure , which had no doubt seen all , and could tell its tale .	99.29289245605469
and i think i have the honor of addressing count andrea cavalcanti ? ” mistress , ” replied the young sailor , gravely ; “ she is my betrothed . ” the baldric of porthos and the handkerchief of aramis had not belonged to the father-in-law of the procureur , one might have thought it some accursed place where a horrible crime had been committed . ” morcerf , “ i may as well be <unk> , and tear myself away to forward your wishes . , go to the right ; porthos , come with me to the left ; these gentlemen should file off into normandy , whilst we , by the nearest road , reach paris . ” us , you know ; let us	77.78841400146484
leave to-night , we have nothing more to do here . ” ? as is the custom in prisons , but it looked quite brilliant to a prisoner , though a stove , a bed , a chair , and a table formed the whole of its sumptuous furniture . i say that he is , so that he can not try to rejoin him ? ” thought d ’ artagnan . , ” added planchet to his master ’ s <unk> expressed reflections , “ that we perhaps owe our lives to him . come to me . raoul , as he turned to leave the room , “ i have thought of one thing , and that is about the duchess of chevreuse , who was	57.61186599731445
so kind to me and to whom i owe my introduction to the prince . ” , will you tell me ? ” laugh last ! ’ ” you know they are select affairs ; those who remain in paris in july must be true parisians . the people a report that troops had only been stationed on the quays and on the pont neuf , on account of the ceremonial of the day , and that they would soon withdraw . man ; they heard the street door close , then m. de villefort locked the garden door , and returned upstairs . ” severe struggle in the mind of caderousse ; it was plain that the small shagreen case , which he turned over and over	85.9435806274414
in his hand , did not seem to him <unk> in value to the enormous sum which fascinated his gaze . a wife , who through everything has behaved like an angel ; he has a daughter , who was about to marry the man she loved , but whose family now will not allow him to <unk> the daughter of a ruined man ; he has , besides , a son , a lieutenant in the army ; and , as you may suppose , all this , instead of <unk> , only <unk> his sorrows . cried he , throwing himself on his horse . ; be satisfied . by a key which he took from his pocket , but with such shaking fingers that he	70.32461547851562
could not find the keyhole . is dressed as a monk , grimaud ? ” she shuts the door after him , ” he muttered . the troop passed over their heads . awake , madame , ” he said ; “ then i have nothing more to do here . evening , perhaps ; you will certainly need it to-morrow . ” great proof of his sympathy , at any rate . ” setting off on an expedition , ‘ go , ’ said she ; ‘ at your return i will give you a <unk> ’ i questioned her , but in vain ; she would tell me nothing , and i departed . his will , it is generally in favor or in prejudice of	66.4012222290039
some person . ” aramis , “ i understand . ” porthos and aramis . little village of eccuis , in which there is but one <unk> shield of france . mean ? ” asked the countess . with the sarcastic calmness of the <unk> , strong at once by power and genius , “ you should not have allowed yourself to be taken . ” young and handsome ? ” asked the cardinal , with a certain degree of anxiety . will shut themselves up , ” said albert , “ and can not be seen because they are bathing , dining , or asleep , we must avail ourselves of the opportunity whenever they are to be seen . ” majesty be uneasy , we will	52.29362106323242
find means . ” father , who brought his daughter ’ s ransom in person . the marriage settlement he promised me has come ? ” the majesty of justice . ” much as i , madame ? ” said d ’ artagnan , deeply piqued . thing for him . ” as on her knees at my feet , with her head thrown back , she begged for life . believe all that the vainglorious musketeer had told him , convinced that no friendship will hold out against a surprised secret . , find this man , and when you have found him bring him to me . ” arrive here ? ” inquired she . the wrong there ; for if you knew my name ,	65.48601531982422
perhaps you would not be so pressing . ” , don ’ t remind me of it ; ’ tis that which has made me so cross since yesterday . vallon two years ago , ” he said , “ and you find me still in <unk> on that account . <unk> bolted . ” speech , which showed that she had taken the minister ’ s proposal seriously . to me ? ” said buckingham , feebly , streaming with blood , and suppressing his agony to speak of her he loved , “ what has she written to me ? you are sacred to me . , my lord ; there lies in him a sanguinary <unk> . ” said , “ i am an abbé	54.38336181640625
, it is true , but i am so against my will . her lover desired ; she was mad . and he could see well enough to <unk> his road . the more easy , the coachman being sound asleep . take care ! . ” richelieu , “ rest assured that particelli , the man to whom your majesty <unk> , has been hanged . ” opinion i have submitted to you does not please you it is doubtless because you have better counsels to follow . transient as lightning , replied to raoul . be the case , he remained paralyzed in the right arm and the left leg , and had given up all hope of ever enjoying it himself . answered comminges ,	126.75106811523438
“ he begs to be taken to the place where monsieur d ’ artagnan is <unk> is , in the hunting lodge , opposite the orangery . ” , and we believed that not being on duty we were at liberty to dispose of our time as we pleased . for release , and tréville carried it away without delay . son of general d ’ épinay who was on our side , and who was assassinated some days before the usurper returned from the island of elba ? ” new world have with the bottles which are on the commode and the wardrobe ? ” lost for an instant ; when all at once she perceived that no signature was attached to the order . he paid	92.70034790039062
the price demanded , without thinking to ask for any <unk> . save athos to gayety . ; let her go free , and i will exact nothing else from you . ” ” porthos , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that ’ s the very thing it came into my head to do . ” ” said dantès , “ what shall you teach me first ? first place , i heard it from madame danglars , who , by the by , is dying to see you in her box , or to have you seen there by others ; secondly , i learned it from beauchamp ’ s journal ; and <unk> , from my own imagination . ” said aramis to juxon	62.68021011352539
. this jealous anger of milady was his revenge . , you received a visit from cavois , ” resumed the cardinal . to affirm upon oath that i have not . day , and for a month he returned to his lodgings gay as a <unk> , and affable toward his master . the young man , “ honest men are not to be paid with such coin . , already told you , sir , i was entirely ignorant of the contents of the letter . ” ” , <unk> a glass of wine and changed his clothes . by heaven ! passed , and the most <unk> search had been unsuccessful ; the attempted robbery and the murder of the robber by his comrade were	81.53722381591797
almost forgotten in anticipation of the approaching marriage of mademoiselle danglars to the count andrea cavalcanti . them , <unk> , a hundred , even , all the company , and i would not allow a whisper . ” sign from a confidential clerk at the first desk . to pass , supposing the king were five years older than he is ? ” ” in his arms and was carrying her toward the boat . , who looked at her with such tenderness that her eyes again filled with tears , whose sources he thought must be exhausted . the major , taking a second biscuit , “ that consummation of my happiness was indeed wanting. ” the worthy major raised his eyes to heaven and sighed	95.96041107177734
. ” , ” said athos . as if by magic , and the doors of the church opened . renée , for he fancied she was again about to plead for dantès . ” ? ” have happened ? ” he exclaimed , “ what has thus disturbed you ? , ” added the curate , groaning , “ do not regret the devil , i implore you ! ” , turned toward the young man and grasped his arm . see our young vicomte . ? ” said d ’ artagnan . the king . ” , entered the church , and addressing a verger who was sweeping the chapel , asked him if he knew monsieur bazin . touch me to the heart , ”	42.502716064453125
said julie . the person who is now with her , and at others she is merely attended by a black servant . ” ” said athos , “ i ride horses when i have any ; when i have none , i go afoot . ” , kill me , but you shall not have my signature again ! ” _ there is yours , my dear friend , ” replied d ’ artagnan . ” murmured cromwell ; “ the french fight well ; and if my glass was good and i mistake not , they were foremost in the fight . ” you find insufficient ? asked the count . longer any doubt but that it is himself , ” said he . minister ’	47.853271484375
s schemes with the more ardor , because his natural activity would be doubled by necessity . ground were scratched the following words : numerous for me to remember them all , and i will content myself with the first , ” said the queen , graciously . ? ” is something <unk> which you are going to say . ” smiled porthos , with his sublime composure . drunk . with more perseverance and fury than ever , since fear urges me , not my conscience . ” to say of her can only be heard by yourself , my lord ! ” you could assist me perhaps in researches which have been , up to the present , fruitless . buckingham thus . by mazarin ,	111.33768463134766
whose avarice impelled him to grind them down to the very <unk> people , as the <unk> <unk> described it , had nothing left to them except their souls ; and as those could not be sold by <unk> , they began to murmur . keep our name free from dishonor . . few minutes monsieur raised his voice , and said , “ i want for this mission three or four volunteers , led by a man who can be depended upon . ” danglars . is it ? ” said the major . young man asked himself , whom the demon of jealousy already gnawed , being in heart neither more nor less than an accepted lover . , that ’ s well , ” continued	121.76651763916016
the cardinal . the catalan , as he saw the final glimmer of caderousse ’ s reason vanishing before the last glass of wine . general who contemplates at the same time victory and defeat , and who is quite prepared , according to the chances of the battle , to march forward or to beat a retreat . here. ” and at the same minute a carriage with smoking horses , accompanied by two mounted gentlemen , arrived at the gate , which opened before them . , dear du vallon , my good friends , perhaps this may be the last time that you will ever hear from me . , gathered from his <unk> replies that the road to the right was the one he	108.76539611816406
ought to take , and on that uncertain information he resumed his journey . the procureur , and prevented him from discovering anything beneath the <unk> smile he was so constantly in the habit of assuming . return ? ” , sire , ” answered the minister of police . my family , i should only consider myself the more bound to fight ten times . ” in such circumstances , monsieur du vallon , who is rich , always gives me his prisoners . ” sent from france by monsieur mazarin ; he will consider us as brothers . ’ artagnan . ” ! ” around the <unk> , piquant , arlesian sausages , and <unk> in their dazzling red cuirasses , <unk> of large size and	85.76287841796875
brilliant color , the <unk> with its <unk> outside and dainty morsel within , the <unk> , esteemed by the <unk> of the south as more than <unk> the exquisite flavor of the <unk> , north . habit of calling his master ’ s daughter “ mademoiselle julie , ” and had never been able to change the name to madame herbault . not send you more it is because i fear you would not accept a larger sum . warn you that the first man that comes within the length of my <unk> my sword is <unk> rip him up . ” of all this annoyance ? ” ” she exclaimed , rising ; “ oh , yes ! and with the rapidity of lightning , the	88.03580474853516
stranger drew his . , who was waiting for him . . i often played with the son in the <unk> . ” are not now inquiring into his creed , but his actions ; in the name of the prefect of police , i ask you what you know of him . said porthos , “ when all my expenses are paid , i shall have , at most , thirty crowns left . ” the flight of thought seemed to have stopped ; his energetic mind <unk> , as the body does after extreme fatigue . comminges , “ i am the bearer of an order from the king . ” his bidding , you imprudent man ? ” was worth 50,000 without the setting .	77.55777740478516
’ will find on the table , at which we shall be then sitting , good pistols and a delicious draught ; but , on the other hand , you must promise me not to attempt your life before that time . ” corner without uttering a word . at ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . they had fallen at rocroy or at <unk> . , who had seated herself , and taking an end of the murderous rope which by neglect , or perhaps by design , she allowed to be seen , “ what is this , madame ? ” he asked coldly . , now acceptable ; he held the plate in his hand for an hour at a time , and gazed thoughtfully	68.22797393798828
at the morsel of bad meat , of tainted fish , of black and <unk> bread . . ” there , but she had left her new address . ” it , ” replied lord wilmore ; “ i understand it . ” ? ” whole body . ” the prison , transformed , rich , powerful . i reserve eighty francs for myself ? , ” said athos , “ by which you perceive i am five minutes faster than you . ” meet with any of those episodes with which your adventurous existence has so <unk> you ; our <unk> is <unk> , our <unk> is mount <unk> , our great desert is the plain of grenelle , where they are now boring an <unk> well	95.62728118896484
to water the caravans . , gentlemen ; for it is getting late . ” an intrigue between her and m. de wardes , our presumptuous hero gave but little heed to that , although the marquis was young , handsome , rich , and high in the cardinal ’ s favor . the court , the duke and the young woman followed the wall for the space of about twenty-five steps . oath for me on the cross ; i won ’ t ask anything more of you . ’ said d ’ artagnan to porthos . just what amuses me , ” said monte cristo . franz , turning towards valentine , “ unite your efforts with mine to find out the name of the man	71.80464172363281
who made me an orphan at two years of <unk> ” valentine remained dumb and motionless . , was tied securely to a horse . , perhaps the sort of ascendancy which she had over other women , gave her the name of “ la <unk> ” mademoiselle paulet took her accustomed seat , but before sitting down , she cast , in all her queen-like grandeur , a look around the room , and her eyes rested on raoul . , one who had seen long and honorable service , as became a man charged with the interests of a house so important as that of morrel & son , ” replied danglars . your man ? ” said aramis to athos . only the two plans	122.1999740600586
i have proposed to you ; forgive my vanity , and tell me which you prefer . room in which edward slept ; for though the child went to school during the day , his mother could not allow him to be separated from her at night . valentine , “ we have been waiting for you with such impatience , dear m. d ’ avrigny . in doing nothing for you in spite of all my efforts . ” . said the duke . , we yet can flee ; i have the key , but make haste ! in the brown <unk> ” what that is ; the minister receives two hundred petitions every day , and does not read three . ” man , restrained	81.45014190673828
for a minute by a last hesitation ; but there was such an ardor in his eyes , such persuasion in his voice , that she felt herself constrained to confide in him . hand she muffled him up in a <unk> robe , a large hood , and a cloak . to forget the many perplexing thoughts which assailed him ; in vain did he court the refreshment of sleep . to him . so ? ” cried planchet . in spite of himself . ” , ” said caderousse ; “ you have saved my life once , save me again ! ” cocles . respect , and i would have married her . ” of him who served in the religious wars under the great	79.3344497680664
king henry , the father of his gracious majesty . ” the café rospoli will be hung with white damask , bearing a red cross . ” that we have some reason to praise him . ” . ” ; it would be rendering a service to her future son-in-law . ” that sum to attain the same end . ” and mercédès had disappeared . feet , and before the queen could prevent him , kissed the hem of her robe . , four against the remaining five . madame , i can assure you ; i know my father . ” me ; i am bored , amuse me . ” ; but now he ’ s as gentle as a lamb and <unk> gascon songs	72.81381225585938
, which make one die of laughing . ” , ” said she , opening a small private door , “ and come back at eleven o ’ clock ; we will then terminate this conversation . raoul with you . ” live in the champs-élysées ? ” a hand in what you have seen , and if talked about , the evil would only recoil upon us . ” in the hat . ” planchet , respectfully , “ i am called dulaurier , at your service . ” porthos , “ you may imagine , with the <unk> with which nature has endowed me , i am not in want of good luck . ” moment i could not believe that it was to me your	53.66911315917969
first two letters were addressed , so unworthy did i feel myself of such an honor ; besides , i was so seriously indisposed that i could not in any case have replied to them . ” ” misgivings of the young man , for seeing that they continued to advance toward the <unk> he had till then <unk> pulled his master by the skirt of his coat . such a night as this , pitch dark , when one does not see more than twenty yards before one ? ” this question on the old man . of him and asked if they could deliver any message for him to his brother . friend . ” artagnan read and <unk> his billet . to witness your grief	119.82715606689453
? thrice missed the mark . ” soon , and he will only see you to release you from that imprisonment in which your safety required you should be concealed . interests of your father , ” said the messenger . about ten o ’ clock in the morning , the banker himself had been walking to and fro for some minutes thoughtfully and in evident uneasiness , watching both doors , and listening to every sound . de saint-méran related to mademoiselle de villefort ? ” said the count . ball teresa was attired in her best , her most brilliant ornaments in her hair , and gayest glass <unk> , —she was in the costume of the women of <unk> . asked anne of austria .	94.05318450927734
a great <unk> . ” were no longer above water , and the rider , who had lost the reins in struggling , fell with his head back and his arms extended . said ? ” , and read it with an indescribable feeling of delight . know all this ? ” amazement . the latter , “ a young woman of about twenty-six or twenty-eight years of age , and a man of from thirty-five to forty , have indeed lodged at the two houses pointed out by your eminence ; but the woman left last night , and the man this morning . ” will not understand ? ” cristo however , marked his coming ; and a slight though meaning smile passed over his lips	82.19408416748047
. the captain of your little vessel , on entering the <unk> , sent forward , in order to obtain permission to enter the port , a little boat bearing his <unk> and the register of his voyagers ? rise to a more lively desire of arriving at a certainty , and he went into his friend ’ s chamber with a fixed determination of renewing the conversation of the preceding evening ; but he found athos quite himself <unk> is to say , the most shrewd and impenetrable of men . completely deserted , the night too dark , the captain too <unk> . in terrible <unk> . an instant to see if there was anything to hope from further entreaty . then ? ” ” said	103.67599487304688
monte cristo in a half-stifled voice . there ? ” said the inspector . subject of their conversation ? ” , i did hope , count , and during this quarter of an hour we have been talking together , you have unconsciously wounded , tortured my heart , for every word you have uttered proved that there was no hope for me . the count , “ i only know two things which destroy the appetite , <unk> as i am happy to see you very cheerful , it is not that—and love . ” but that it may prove <unk> even to the end , let us not lose <unk> ” and he jumped off the wall . its hinges . form of the count of	60.304039001464844
monte cristo when he at length issued from his tomb , <unk> him with gold and diamonds , and led him to you ! ” i found it , monsieur . you that you are not in the chamber , my dear viscount . ” the letter , “ on thursday next , at from six to seven o ’ clock in the evening , on the road to chaillot , and look carefully into the carriages that pass ; but if you have any consideration for your own life or that of those who love you , do not speak a single word , do not make a movement which may lead anyone to believe you have recognized her who <unk> herself to everything for the sake	57.8856086730957
of seeing you but for an instant . ” to the king without having read a single word of it . wine , and biscuits . ” said he ; “ for i wager anything it is the creditor who visits me . ” he ; “ mazarin has been listening to discover whether i betrayed him . a good son . ” ; every hour seemed to strike with leaden weight upon the heart of the poor girl . not with me ; he serves under monsieur dessessart . ” ” said beauchamp ; “ still , i assure you , he passed very well with many people ; i saw him at the ministers ’ houses . ” an englishman ? ” let it be war	60.2705192565918
! i could but speak greek , your conversation , added to the <unk> which surrounds me , would furnish an evening of such delight as it would be impossible for me ever to forget . ” with his escort ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . be the end ? ” a fee or distribute a project gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement , you must obtain permission in writing from the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , the manager of the project gutenberg™ trademark . easy ! —i am not speaking riddles , and you will soon know what i mean . at the door during this examination ; then , when all was over	99.8039321899414
, they went away , leaving the house empty and exposed . ” aramis , “ i have had the occasion to observe to you more than once that you are very indiscreet ; and that is <unk> to you among the women . ” say to you ? cut on <unk> while aramis and porthos <unk> on their steeds . ” the inspector , “ you have not the latest news from italy ? ” you ? ” carriage with two horses , and some saddlehorses . young girl beheld the head of medusa . spy upon his wife . ” that i could not enter or leave with a bandage over my eyes . ” shall see each other again , m. morrel ? ” asked	49.48512649536133
penelon . prevent that woman from singing ? a very natural resentment to avenge my mother . wood d ’ artagnan perceived the road that had been described to him , and at the end of the road he saw the towers of an immense feudal castle . ! ” exclaimed signor pastrini , — “ utterly impossible ; there was only one left on the fifth floor of the <unk> palace , and that has been let to a russian prince for twenty <unk> a day . ” the coadjutor , <unk> his <unk> , which he wore , after the fashion of the ancient military prelates , over his archiepiscopal simar , “ there ’ s the enemy approaching . affairs of ali pasha ? ”	84.83366394042969
my lord ; no other friends left in the wide world but yourself ! at last met with a light dragoon who had formed one of the guard which had escorted d ’ artagnan to rueil . two <unk> and silence . not less guarded than the hotel de bouillon , and presented as warlike an appearance . imperial power <unk> is , scarcely had the emperor re-entered the tuileries and begun to issue orders from the closet into which we have introduced our readers , —he found on the table there louis xviii. ’ s half-filled <unk> , <unk> had this occurred when marseilles began , in spite of the authorities , to <unk> the flames of civil war , always smouldering in the south , and	170.58416748046875
it required but little to excite the populace to acts of far greater violence than the shouts and insults with which they assailed the royalists whenever they ventured abroad . regret , as he said , he was obliged to keep his bed . porthos takes very ill when he is not in funds ; but i know he must be so at present . ” remain with you. ” at this moment villefort returned , followed by the lady ’ s maid ; and after her came madame de villefort . , took his hat , his pistols , and his cloak , and departed , casting a look of regret upon the couch where he had hoped to sleep so well . effect to that which	108.79351043701172
mordaunt had anticipated . astonishment , the knife , instead of piercing the count ’ s breast , flew back <unk> . dressed as he was , in the bed and then covered him as far as the shoulders with the sheet . , ” said athos , “ let us go home and read it . ” events had taken place , athos not having reappeared , m. de tréville was informed by d ’ artagnan and porthos of the circumstance . des princes . his nature , my dear d ’ artagnan . shipowner quitted the two allies , and proceeded in the direction of the palais de justice . as he was , lubin endeavored still to cry out . to move , and started	55.02214431762695
off at a moment ’ s notice . such a proposition , especially to a woman who always professes to be so entirely disinterested ? ” separately , and , intoxicated by their crime , though still pale with fear , they sought all over the cavern to discover if there was any fear of fire , after which they amused themselves by rolling on the bags of gold . this morning ? ” he inquired . thinking so , ” returned franz calmly ; “ but you merely fall into the same error which leads so many of our countrymen to commit the most <unk> blunders , —i mean that of judging the habits and customs of italy and spain by our parisian notions ; believe me	174.7453155517578
, nothing is more fallacious than to form any estimate of the degree of intimacy you may suppose existing among persons by the familiar terms they seem upon ; there is a similarity of feeling at this instant between ourselves and the <unk> more . ” the proud and sombre bearing peculiar at that time to puritans . , love mercédès ? ” , maximilian , to cease trifling , and tell me what you really mean . ” you are going to save my life a second time ! ” cried planchet . winner ? ” replied d ’ artagnan , recognizing athos , who , after the dressing performed by the doctor , was returning to his own apartment . his promise , he sent the	89.1541519165039
prescription requested . . marry andrea , my dear m. danglars , that you are asking so many questions ? ” with a pistol in his hand , was once on the point of committing suicide , had anyone then said , ‘ this man deserves his misery , ’ would not that person have been deceived ? ” ; then , after a slight hesitation , she resumed . ” said debray , “ madame was making inquiries about that house , which for the last three months has been hung with black . ” athos , gravely , “ remember that it is the dead alone with whom we are not likely to meet again on this earth . the <unk> procureur , who has just	74.31181335449219
lost his daughter , and in fact nearly all his family , in so singular a manner ; morcerf dishonored and dead ; and then myself covered with ridicule through the villany of benedetto ; <unk> ” million in advance with him , and now my fine jacopo manfredi <unk> payment ! ” ” be called amiability , it is her duty ; a slave does not dictate to a master . ” of audience ? ” asked a porter , advancing to the new arrival . which the <unk> inquiry was made , ” continued the impassive cardinal , “ there lodges , i believe , a young béarnais , a friend of the musketeer . ” . how great was our joy when , in turning	133.27435302734375
over this manuscript , our last hope , we found at the twentieth page the name of athos , at the <unk> the name of porthos , and at the <unk> the name of aramis . ! badly lodged , sister ? words in a low voice , then the tall man made a sign to the musketeer that he might come in . . began to blow upon the housekeeping of the rue des <unk> is to say , when the forty pistoles of king louis xiii . said mercédès , passing her hand across her brow , moist with perspiration ; “ and that <unk> ” cried several bandits from <unk> , pampinara , and <unk> , who had recognized luigi vampa . resounded in the	82.72758483886719
pavilion , and a woman came to the window , and opened it , as if to throw herself out of it ; but as soon as she perceived the other two men , she fell back and they went into the chamber . said the abbé , “ that i was the secretary and intimate friend of cardinal spada , the last of the princes of that name . , 1998 [ ebook # 1259 ] most recently updated : april 9 , <unk> language : english , dear aramis , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ tell me how the devil you managed to alight upon the back of planchet ’ s horse . ” . ” tell me , if your sister listened to	69.96658325195312
such a proposition ? ” come from <unk> or <unk> ” that i should fly from a sight so sad if i did not wish to show my respect for the illustrious shadow of what was once the comte de la fere , whom we loved so much . ” his beard to grow ; his head fell on his shoulder , his legs bent beneath him , and his movements were apparently <unk> and unconscious . he caused the earth to be dug up ? ” replied d ’ artagnan . beds and barricaded their door within , when someone knocked at the yard shutter ; they demanded who was there , and recognizing the voices of their lackeys , opened the shutter . tell me in	79.12435913085938
what convent that woman is ? ” porthos , “ that was very good of him , it seems to me . ” of his horse , and smoking his cigar at the entrance of the garden , when the count ’ s carriage stopped at the gate . . is too heavy for my arm . their majesties ’ <unk> were to dress , two by two , in chambers prepared for the purpose . ’ replied one , ‘ is to communicate to you the will of his highness . awake in the whole settlement . m. franz , and promise you the punishment shall not fall on him . ” when athos heard his young , joyous voice calling to grimaud and olivain , he	71.6628646850586
sighed . coat , a blow from a <unk> had cut it open on the flank and a pistol shot had cut his feather in two . many empty words , my dear sir , ” said morcerf : “ they might satisfy a new acquaintance , but the comte de morcerf does not rank in that list ; and when a man like him comes to another , recalls to him his <unk> word , and this man fails to redeem the pledge , he has at least a right to exact from him a good reason for so doing . ” ’ s neck . unnecessary ; bertuccio will show me a light . ” you which had brought down far <unk> heads than yours ,	136.08575439453125
monsieur , ” said the cardinal . for me , ” said d ’ artagnan . your social position , and your merit sufficient ? ” , according to the orders of his master , both horse and mule to the knocker of the procurator ’ s door ; then , without taking any thought for their future , he returned to porthos , and told him that his commission was completed . s imprisonment was then related to them ; and as they were really gentlemen , they pronounced the host in the wrong . ” for kings , ” said the mother . a young girl , as beautiful as she is today . preceded by all these titles . ” monte cristo in his turn	49.34138488769531
. . louise , breathing freely , “ here we are out of paris . ” you , any more than the rest , to ask for an exception ? ’ might take place during this night which approached so <unk> large masses of cloud rolled over the face of the sky , and distant lightning announced a storm . a young woman of five or <unk> , with a dark complexion , and light and lustrous eyes , veiled beneath long lashes . be ? there ? ” asked andrea of himself . , ” said athos , “ and we are four ; an unlimited dinner for eight . for this can not last . i remember it all now . ” peculiar manner at a	96.39338684082031
door , which after being opened to admit her was again fastened , and curiosity penetrated no farther . perfectly straight line upon his upper lip ; he appeared to dread to lower his hands lest their veins should swell , and he <unk> the tips of his ears from time to time to preserve their delicate pink <unk> . the feet of the cardinal . ” replied monte cristo , “ that while you call yourself baron you are not willing to call anybody else count . ” with his hands , and looking at the block he said : handkerchief with the coat of arms . ” then ? ” . what sort of madness was it ? ” over her face ; she looked at	103.72000885009766
luigi , who could not refuse his assent . you ? ” demanded villefort , turning over a pile of papers , containing information relative to the prisoner , that a police agent had given to him on his entry , and that , already , in an hour ’ s time , had swelled to <unk> proportions , thanks to the corrupt <unk> of which “ the accused ” is always made the victim . he cried ; “ the _pharaon_ ! ” been passed without drawing rein ; half the escort were exhausted and several horses fell down . my dear child . ” said d ’ artagnan . <unk> des <unk> , he thought he saw the count ’ s horses standing at <unk> ’	80.23303985595703
s <unk> ; he approached , and soon recognized the coachman . ” said monte cristo , “ you appear to be relating an adventure which we all know by heart . been overheard by anyone ? ” count , ” exclaimed danglars , “ i never for an instant entertained such a feeling towards you . ” you , ” said the unhappy man . boudoir , to which we have already once introduced our readers , and where the baroness was examining some drawings , which her daughter passed to her after having looked at them with m. cavalcanti , his presence soon produced its usual effect , and it was with smiles that the baroness received the count , although she had been a little	71.251220703125
disconcerted at the announcement of his name . . and ether . of albano , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> . my faith ! ” you , ” said a voice , which he recognized as that of the sentinel . , above everything , good living in order to be good soldiers , only eating salt meat and bad biscuit , had many <unk> in their camp . as far as the palais royal . gallant knights of the time of charlemagne , in whom every cavalier ought to seek his model . we , that is , monsieur du vallon and i , hesitated a little . ” said , had just fainted ; they had supplied her with a smelling-bottle , and she had	91.71009063720703
recovered . afraid i shall very much inconvenience you . ’ . ” must get there . ” at the sixth rib and buried up to the hilt in his body . ” replied villefort , “ it is not only projected but arranged . ” sir ; and , above all , mademoiselle danglars ! ” : ‘ take notice that in all probability he will be disguised as a cavalier ; ’ which seems to me to leave no room for doubt , since you are dressed as a cavalier and not as an officer of musketeers . not kill my son ! ” the coast , these men , who are in reality smugglers , will prefer selling me to doing a good action .	72.1211929321289
had heard approach slowly withdrew , as if with regret . ! _ ” said monte cristo , “ and i have forgotten my smelling-bottle ! ” are hesitating ! ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ if we hesitate what will the servants do ? ” alone with m. de villefort ? ” jacopo , and offered him in return for his attention a share of his prize-money , but jacopo refused it indignantly . said d ’ artagnan , “ if these are the <unk> that are sent to you from tours , i beg you will make my compliments to the gardener who <unk> them . ” ! ” happiness , was reading eagerly the <unk> gaze of haydée , when suddenly the door opened	50.673912048339844
. to acquire the habit of expecting to be recompensed for every trifling service he may render . met with great crosses in love , and that a frightful treachery had forever poisoned the life of this gallant man . no such idea ; but , knowing that all was ready for flight , i thought you might have made your escape . ” least i guess . meet madame danglars . ” pardon to the vizier ali , and not only gives him his life , but restores to him his fortune and his <unk> ’ my mother uttered a cry of joy , and clasped me to her bosom . was a tremendous <unk> of thunder , while the livid lightning illumined the room , and	105.63984680175781
the thunder , rolling away in the distance , seemed to withdraw <unk> from the cursed abode . ” cried the queen , on perceiving the two friends , “ you have come , faithful friends ! evident that his neighbor distrusted him . ; i fear the cardinal . ” access to or distribute copies of a project gutenberg™ work in a format other than “ plain vanilla ascii ” or other format used in the official <unk> posted on the official project gutenberg™ website ( www.gutenberg.org ) , you must , at no additional cost , fee or expense to the user , provide a copy , a means of <unk> a copy , or a means of obtaining a copy upon request , of the	173.69766235351562
work in its original “ plain vanilla ascii ” or other form . , baron , what have you learned with regard to the affair in the rue saint-jacques ? ” the second after attending the first , ” said d ’ artagnan . had pretended to be a curate for the purpose of getting his mistress married , and securing her a position . of the day on which i had been insulted , i hung my cassock on a peg , assumed the costume of a cavalier , and went to a ball given by a lady friend of mine and to which i knew my man was invited . that , sir , ” said the notary , “ which makes me uneasy , but	82.3909912109375
the difficulty will be in <unk> his thoughts and intentions , so as to be able to get his answers . ” we have received with the information all the requisite proofs , and we are quite sure m. de morcerf will not raise his voice against us ; besides , it is rendering a service to one ’ s country to denounce these wretched criminals who are unworthy of the honor bestowed on them . ” word of honor , ” said gondy . live upon 5,000 francs a month ? ” be exceeded in generosity . . , parodying the banker , as the selection came to an end . irreproachable , in an age in which soldiers compromised so easily with their religion and their	125.85137176513672
consciences , lovers with the rigorous delicacy of our <unk> , and the poor with god ’ s seventh commandment . dine by his holiness before the door opened , and the jailer saw the prisoner seated as usual on the side of his bed . little , ” said she . every night in france . ” as if to follow the carriage ; but d ’ artagnan , whose anger , already excited , was much increased by recognizing in him the englishman of amiens who had won his horse and had been very near winning his diamond of athos , caught at his bridle and stopped him . after the count entered . man that the guards , on seeing him depart , <unk> among	109.18093872070312
themselves . some tapestry behind which he might hide himself , and felt an immense inclination to crawl under the table . end of the world ? ” said monte cristo ; “ you , a journalist , the husband of renown ? the expedition , had taken all the responsibility on himself ; the four sailors fixed their eyes on him , while they got out their oars and held themselves in readiness to row away , which , thanks to the darkness , would not be difficult . a man of regularity was the patron of _la jeune amélie_ , the profits were divided , and each man had a hundred tuscan livres , or about eighty francs . are right ; and cheerfully would i	111.82894897460938
give up five years of my <unk> i am never paid , by the <unk> make the king five years older . ” write to you a fourth time to tell you that i detest you . then ; it is the best thing to do . ” beauchamp , debray , and château-renaud were talking of the very sudden death of the marchioness . , i am come to ask a favor of you . ” edmond . has said to me , and certainly without the slightest premeditation , ‘ at such a period i was five years old , at another ten years old , at another twelve , ’ and i , induced by curiosity , which kept me alive to these details ,	84.82540893554688
have compared the dates , and never found him inaccurate . i have nothing more to say ; my arguments lead to nothing ; doubtless they are bad , since they have not determined minds so just as yours . ” very charitable man . not brought too large a stock of money with you ? ” ’ artagnan in paris . the abduction of his wife . we couldn ’ t leave our prisoners , could we ? ” , the count of morcerf pointed to a chair , while he seated himself in another opposite the window . blame on myself if you find i have led you into an error . ” . ” haydée , ” said the count , “ that from this	83.45980072021484
moment you are absolutely free ; that here you exercise unlimited sway , and are at liberty to lay aside or continue the costume of your country , as it may suit your inclination . in italy ? ” ” my body , is it not so ? captain ; twenty pistoles on one <unk> one , the last . ” d ’ artagnan , “ if you can still speak , say a word , my dear porthos , to this good planchet . ” i am the reverse . ” not know that this is a young man whom the count is introducing ? ” said morcerf . whether charles , who kept his eyes constantly closed , had noticed the insolence of the puritan captain	78.18586730957031
, but the moment he heard the clear tone of d ’ artagnan ’ s voice his eyelids rose , in spite of himself . not be disagreeable . ” two lovers were calmer , milady , who had not the same motives for forgetfulness that d ’ artagnan had , was the first to return to reality , and asked the young man if the means which were on the morrow to bring on the encounter between him and de wardes were already arranged in his mind . lilliers you will send me your chaise , with an order to your servant to place himself at my disposal . ” ” she inquired in a hoarse voice , ‘ did you invite him to sleep here tonight	75.36431121826172
? ’ the eyes of all were turned in the direction where the vessel had disappeared , endeavoring in vain to penetrate the darkness . , ” replied milady , softening her smile so as to give it an angelic expression , “ my being alone or being persecuted . ” that , monsieur du vallon ? ” he added in a low tone to porthos . important matters to communicate to one another , and it was impossible to talk five minutes in that inn without being annoyed by all those importunate fellows , who keep coming in , saluting you , and addressing you . been taken to <unk> , to <unk> , or to the <unk> islands . , charged him to offer the two	81.83226776123047
friends the key of his box at the argentina . on , my dear fellow ! ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ for upon my honor , you will kill me with your indifference . ” ! , do you see ? <unk> broken by nervous <unk> , excitation of the brain , torpor of the nerve <unk> . only to me , but to officers of justice and the king , is that an innocent man should <unk> in prison , the victim of an infamous denunciation , to die here cursing his executioners . ” a false opinion of me , ” added he , drawing himself up as if he would challenge both friends and enemies , “ i shall endeavor to correct his	88.5360107421875
mistake . ” do , and with infinite pleasure , ” answered albert ; “ and so much the more readily as a letter received this morning from my father summons me to paris , in consequence of a treaty of marriage ( my dear franz , do not smile , i beg of you ) with a family of high standing , and connected with the very cream of parisian society . ” maximilian , this must not be , for many reasons . inquired , “ have you any relations ? ” porthos with that air of wonder which a cunning man can not help feeling at displays of <unk> stupidity . friends ! ; but , as before , pride prevailed , and a second	117.10847473144531
kick split the door from bottom to top . , and my mother will thank you . ” villequier , “ so mazarin was here ! the man , “ but at what a price ! ” place , and stay there ; i get tired of it , and leave it ; i am free as a bird and have wings like one ; my attendants obey my slightest wish . ” must provide for everything ) , i shall try to gain the coast of france . . ” his service a lackey who had accompanied him in his voyage to <unk> . laughter . left the house . i will tell him what i have seen , and we will consult together , and examine	81.2629165649414
the body . ” ” cried rochefort . long , and d ’ artagnan , in particular , would have <unk> that the days were forty-four hours . for my conduct , and as you are a woman that can perfectly understand me , i will give them . excited mood , but , like a <unk> of frightened bees , seemed not to know at what point to concentrate ; and it was very evident that if leaders of the people were not provided all this agitation would pass off in idle buzzing . the case it would be worth while to make some sacrifice . ” finished , he shut his eyes several times , which was his manner of saying “ no . ” ”	99.1532211303711
said monte cristo , astonished at the coolness and freedom of the question . is over , we ’ ll carry her off from that convent . ” : my brother , who was coming to my assistance to take me away by force if it were necessary , met with the emissary of the cardinal , who was coming in search of me . artagnan , we know how he was lodged , and we have already made acquaintance with his lackey , master planchet . ? ” said the musketeer . jerk , recognized me , and pointed to the man in the mask . the secret ; or , perhaps , you guessed that he was here . ” captain . sleeping might have said	74.56095123291016
she was a young girl dreaming of the crown of flowers she was to wear on her brow at the next festival . ” was seven years old , he came to the curate of palestrina , and asked to be taught to read ; it was somewhat difficult , for he could not quit his flock ; but the good curate went every day to say mass at a little hamlet too poor to pay a priest and which , having no other name , was called <unk> ; he told luigi that he might meet him on his return , and that then he would give him a lesson , warning him that it would be short , and that he must profit as much as	108.23499298095703
possible by it . this seduction milady might <unk> felton was forewarned , and that against the least chance . if i had been his son , and in 1814 he married . his being a <unk> young fellow . ” there is that letter ! ” cried the queen , with a broken and trembling voice ; “ take it , and deliver me from your odious presence . ” found 900,000 francs in bank <unk> . away . ” who , to please the count whom he regards as god on earth , will assist him in contriving mazarin ’ s escape , if mazarin has the wit to weep or play the chivalric . ” and by a sign invited d ’ artagnan to drink	111.23887634277344
. ” murmured valentine , pressing her lips on the burning brow , “ do you wish to kill me ? of the whole world , i mean to say that you also are deserting me . ” one but morcerf the whole day . my illness was a comedy ; it would be just the same today , no <unk> since yesterday evening they have had plenty of time to send for a doctor . ” chair . : you had business in england . ” robbed and murdered , did you not ? ” then reigned in the house . his eminence , who again enveloped his face in his cloak , and put his horse in motion , keeping from eight to ten paces in	71.0092544555664
advance of his four companions . her with that stern and forbidding expression with which he was accustomed to receive her . on him for some time , then shrugging her shoulders , she took her seat immediately opposite to him . that question , ” said château-renaud , “ for none of us has seen him . ” there ? perfume done anything for me ? this request , when the officer made a sign as if he had something to say . morcerf and i have talked about this marriage , but madame de morcerf and albert—— ” moment in which she has just obtained from richelieu a _carte blanche_ by the means of which she is about to take vengeance on her enemy , this	76.90275573730469
precious paper is torn from her hands , and it is d ’ artagnan who holds her prisoner and is about to send her to some filthy botany bay , some infamous tyburn of the indian ocean . saw the island tinged with the shades of twilight , and then disappear in the darkness from all eyes but his own , for he , with vision accustomed to the gloom of a prison , continued to behold it last of all , for he remained alone upon deck . tréville ’ s was as gay and cheerful as possible . weary years . ” assume a cheerful manner , as i do ; we must joke with the guards , we must gain the good-will of the soldiers	164.7212677001953
, since we can ’ t corrupt them . <unk> ; but i should say it was two lovers walking side by side , and hand in hand . by all means . —and that being led to the scaffold he had been saved by an indignant people . ” mazarin , “ but the coadjutor is not yet made cardinal ! ” do you always weep , mother , when i am away from you ? ” she said . ” said de guiche , “ a strange face ; but these monks are subject to such degrading practices ; their fasts make them pale , the blows of the discipline make them hypocrites , and their eyes become inflamed through weeping for the good things of	139.9304962158203
this life we common folk enjoy , but they have lost . ” by these words , and turned his eyes with indifference to the other side . , ” said d ’ artagnan . eugénie , “ you are a bad physiognomist , if you imagine i <unk> on my own account the catastrophe of which you warn me . disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages . the action of one throwing the lasso , then of a strangled lion . saying you wished to leave this place . ” in a large black doublet , in which the whole of his slender body was concealed , was <unk> and dry . and fainted . with the fingers	90.47154998779297
. dead ; she is not guilty . willing to die ! ” cried milady , struggling . make a breach in the barricade , whilst he and others , remaining on their horses , were to protect the assailants . though honor is a fine thing , they are tired of fighting for it , and to-night they have sold you for two hundred thousand <unk> is to say , for half what is owing them . ” ” resumed the king . . ” aramis , “ i may have done some good ; so , my lord , deign to receive my most respectful homage ! ” of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.f.3 , this work is provided to you ‘ as-is	90.52984619140625
’ , with no other warranties of any kind , express or implied , including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for any purpose . have an enemy much more to be dreaded by me than this little madame bonacieux . ” toward heaven ; athos made the sign of the cross . silken purse in her hands , while tears of joy rolled down her cheeks , like <unk> on the rose . ” said morrel in a tone impossible to describe , “ do you remain in the antechamber . sent ? ” asked monte cristo , seeing morrel return . him ? ” , you are right—it is fatality ! ” countless , these unheard-of treasures ! sermon be clear , ”	112.91522979736328
said the curate . bodies , the blast of the hurricane shook them in the air . them is a rich lord from touraine and the other a knight of malta , of noble family . i am not as brave and courageous as was my poor brother . ” to leave me , ” he thought , “ but he follows the common custom . d ’ artagnan ; and taking out his handkerchief , he gagged him . , i assure you , for i have found something extremely agreeable in your conversation . ” ? presence with the speed of a young man ; his really sincere royalism made him youthful again . the executioner . two flints and a piece of burnt linen .	97.26361846923828
” carriage , the officer placed himself by his side , the door was locked , and they were left in a rolling prison . ” replied aramis . noise of a door , turning on its hinges , made me start . repeated the baroness . de richelieu was able to find trusty servants , dozens and dozens of them . ” clothed from head to foot in robes of gray <unk> , with holes for the eyes , and holding in their hands lighted <unk> , appeared first ; the chief marched at the head . by her dress ; if you know no more than that , everyone here is as well-informed as yourself . ” scrutinizing gaze with slight astonishment on morrel . mine	100.46121215820312
. ” praise of mademoiselle danglars ’ voice , and on his regret , after what he had just heard , that he had been unable to be present the previous evening . never turned his head , did not perceive it . away , i saw a faint light shine through the windows of the private staircase by which we have just descended . yet ? ” his hands as he uttered these words , while monte cristo fixed on him a look of inscrutable meaning . i know it , ” replied the duke , dipping the quill in the ink . ; a cabriolet was in waiting at the gate , in which i intended to carry off valentine to my sister ’ s house	58.124000549316406
, to marry her , and to wait respectfully m. de villefort ’ s pardon . ” ” repeated the young man , accompanying his words with a bow . another enemy , less to be feared , he thought ; but nevertheless , he instinctively felt , not to be despised . , he collected all his strength to challenge you , and to defy you while challenging you . ” never to leave the prisoner alone ; to keep away from him every pointed or cutting instrument , and to prevent his conversing any length of time with the keepers . ” <unk> the <unk> . ” unjust to believe so ; but during the last two or three days i have obtained proof to the	96.73329162597656
contrary , for which i thank <unk> it would have cost me very dear to think she had forgotten me . replied that , although successful in landing their cargo in safety , they had scarcely done so when they received intelligence that a <unk> had just quitted the port of toulon and was <unk> all sail towards them . at one stroke by the thunder of men in default of god ’ s . no remedies for negligence , strict liability , breach of warranty or breach of contract except those provided in paragraph 1.f.3 . marriage contract , the survivor takes everything . ” ” said the man proudly ; “ in five minutes he will speak . ” my son . ” you will show	184.1568603515625
me the poor abbé ’ s room . ” me ? ” cried valentine in astonishment . . ” monsieur d ’ artagnan this stranger meant to quarrel ? ” . ” if , indeed , you should have another ) will find you at liberty . s a bench here . , ” said monte cristo ; “ i remain here a day or <unk> accordingly . ” ? following him , and dantès did not oppose this , fearing if he did so that he might incur distrust . will keep us here till daybreak . ” project gutenberg literary archive foundation are more meritorious and more <unk> ” the little <unk> through which they were about to pass and the rock where the young man	46.45087814331055
stood with bare head and crossed arms . franz to him ; “ there is the beginning of an adventure . ” a noble family , who placed reliance upon your <unk> was near dying of my wounds at first , and of hunger afterward , in a beggarly inn at chantilly , without you ever <unk> once to reply to the burning letters i addressed to you . ” the king , rising too , “ my horse ; i desire to go to thirsk . ” prisoner , may still have friends , but i have none ! ” going on that morning , and many business-like persons at the palais ; business-like persons pay very little attention to women , and madame danglars crossed the	141.6607208251953
hall without exciting any more attention than any other woman calling upon her lawyer . from his resolution to shrink from nothing , the count had acquired an inconceivable relish for the <unk> in which he had engaged , sometimes against nature , that is to say , against god , and sometimes against the world , that is , against the devil . 100,000 francs for a fowl ! ” had bound his hands . , i have something to dread ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . more about it , then . strong inward effort , like a man who , in the full relation of a falsehood , finds himself stopped by some unforeseen obstacle ; but the eyes of his three companions were	92.28924560546875
fixed upon him , their ears were wide open , and there were no means of retreat . s horses , _pardieu_ . been warned of his visit , as he expressed no surprise at the sight of porthos , who advanced toward him with a sufficiently easy air , and saluted him courteously . fears nothing , that he counts on nothing , he will restore monsieur de mazarin to your majesty without conditions . , but as he passed out he glanced at the curtain through which the queen had entered and at the bottom of the tapestry he remarked the tip of a velvet slipper . beaufort come . ” guests in your house ? ’ inquired he . with mademoiselle mercédès ; but for	83.58544921875
<unk> the words of the gospel , seek , and you shall find . ” sounded , d ’ artagnan was at the place royale . the same day as that on which kitty came to find d ’ artagnan . of money to her husband , she took him on his weak side . , ” replied the procurator ’ s wife , who saw that she had gone too far , “ you must not take the word literally . , not perhaps in the best taste , but characteristic of d ’ artagnan , whose principal object was to divert his opponent ’ s attention , mordaunt did not reply , but continuing to turn around he succeeded in changing places with d ’ artagnan	60.35490036010742
. “ before god and before men , i accuse this woman of having attempted to poison me , in wine which she sent me from villeroy , with a forged letter , as if that wine came from my friends . clothes of the marquis d ’ o—— , he had left the hotel , <unk> over the bodies of an officer and two guards who had been killed whilst defending the street door . villefort , and has taken her arm ; see , they are following us , both in white dresses , one with a bouquet of camellias , the other with one of myosotis . countenance an appearance of perfect candor . ” he cried . recall me to myself , maximilian ,	122.23860931396484
” he said ; “ i was delighted to see you again , and forgot for the moment that all happiness is fleeting . ” , ” interrupted d ’ artagnan , “ you are really a precious fellow . ” a high place , a royal misfortune , a european misfortune ; i attach myself to it . think that anything could be done with these bourgeois ? ” off at the moment i had that unfortunate difference with the gentleman you speak of . ” red , and replied that having in the evening broken one of those studs , she had sent it to her goldsmith to be repaired . ” he said , “ are of more worth than most of those which you	66.1916275024414
will see on the backs of the queen ’ s courtiers ; they are costumes of battle . ” inquired dantès . ? ” , unhappy man ; you know it must not ! ” cried the young girl . one moment before you go . ” too true . he , “ in my voyages , when i was a man and commanded other men , i have seen the heavens overcast , the sea rage and foam , the storm arise , and , like a monstrous bird , beating the two horizons with its wings . vallon de bracieux de pierrefonds . sir , ” replied the governor ; “ and this remark proves that you have deeply considered the subject . ” ? ”	59.72565841674805
asked athos , quietly . moments , thoughtful , but not <unk> . up to the scaffold ; the people all took part against andrea , and twenty thousand voices cried , “ put him to death ! here <unk> ” ! ” cried the baron , “ i shall never console myself . ” do not obey that i punish , and not those who , like you , <unk> too well . details ? ” you are mistaken . resource served only to exasperate the multitude . , pale , motionless , and silent as the corpse . all is settled ; you are to set off , ” said the cardinal . monte cristo watched him in the shadow , and morrel saw nothing but	65.04146575927734
the bright eyes of the count . ? ” him every minute . ” entrance of the king , fresh acclamations were heard ; these announced the arrival of the queen . morrel . guardian , whom he had quitted , gazing after him in front of the royal <unk> , raoul spurred on his horse , in order not only to escape from his own melancholy reflections , but also to hide from olivain the emotion his face might betray . not wait for the opposite party to speak . of your birth . , d ’ artagnan perceived that the two soldiers had disappeared . ’ s meaning , and answered by a slight shrug of his shoulders . , at this gentleman . ” ”	69.68683624267578
said buckingham , “ or i will call my attendant , and have you placed in irons . ” ” returned gaetano , repeating franz ’ s words . porthos , “ what a fearful day , my dear d ’ artagnan ! ” he , on perceiving d ’ artagnan , “ ah ! noble patron <unk> ancient volumes , and eagerly searching amongst dusty family <unk> . said aramis , “ i am alone in the world and have only your majesty to serve . ” , monsieur ? ” to save . coming to himself he found that he was still within four walls ; he saw la ramee twirling his <unk> ten feet from him , and his guards laughing and drinking in the	74.28085327148438
ante-chamber . ten o ’ clock they anchored . ” said kitty , “ it is not me you love ! procurator , accompanied by a smile from mme . times , restrained by the limits of mere probability , have neither courage nor desire . said maximilian , laughing ; “ there is her husband changing his jacket for a coat . porthos and aramis together , as soon as the cardinal was out of hearing , “ well , he signed the paper she required ! ” that ’ s my business . ” , and by yourself , whom i love and <unk> above all the world , i swear it . ” said aramis . as much as he does us ? ” .	64.26044464111328
for , and the inspector descended a <unk> , so foul , so humid , so dark , as to be loathsome to sight , smell , and respiration . to buckingham ? , very well ; but , meantime , send for monsieur the keeper of the seals . quick ! ” said d ’ artagnan , in a low voice , as soon as the bolts were fast , “ let me get out of the hôtel ; for if we leave her time to turn round , she will have me killed by the servants . ” of the abduction of your wife ? ” no less insulted ; the few lines which had irritated him were certainly intended as an insult . lord ,	81.84374237060547
might take it away from us in less than five minutes afterward ; and from my knowledge of you i believe you will so take it away from us . ” illumined by so savage a joy that under any other circumstances mme . of the horses , ” said planchet . not be alarmed , ” said the count ; “ do not let a shade of suspicion or uneasiness remain in your breast ; the man standing before you , valentine ( for this time it is no ghost ) , is nothing more than the tenderest father and the most respectful friend you could dream of . ” and desire my valet de chambre to come hither . ” exclaimed the count . then ,	96.2513656616211
sir , ” said raoul , “ and you will deign to tell me who is the person that you call the young indian ? ” hand . torture the heart , it is when a lover receives under a name which is not his own protestations of love addressed to his happy rival . noticed passed rapidly behind the tomb of <unk> and héloïse , placed itself close to the heads of the horses belonging to the <unk> , and following the <unk> ’ s men , arrived with them at the spot appointed for the burial . our friends at the hotel at eleven . ” pictured it as the soul of her grandmother . ? athos passed and repassed before the pipe of the stove	98.44776916503906
, broken in <unk> , the other extremity passing into the chamber above ; and every time he passed and repassed he heard a murmur of words , which at length fixed his attention . , indeed , ” grumbled the host , drawing near to d ’ artagnan , and endeavoring by this little flattery to make up matters with the young man , as the heron of the fable did with the <unk> he had despised the evening before . the president , ‘ what is your decision ? ’ this opportunity of proving to m. noirtier how wrong it would be of him to encourage feelings of dislike to me , which i am determined to conquer , whatever they may be , by my	97.57987976074219
devotion . ” very private spot . ; at any rate , i think so . ” your brother . ” of this address d ’ artagnan had seized porthos ’ s arm , which he pressed with gradually increasing force . personages a strange silence , during which the sound of a slow and regular step was heard approaching . execution , this worthy porthos . be so , ” replied caderousse , his face flushed with cupidity . concealed in the tapestry opened , and a woman appeared . is a family history , as château-renaud told you the other day , ” observed maximilian . compelled to marry his daughter perhaps , ” replied albert , laughing . the better , ” said the supercargo	76.64097595214844
; “ for it is not pleasant to think that a comrade has not done his duty . ” 3rd . ” , as much as to say he did not understand french , and d ’ artagnan tried to make him comprehend by signs and gestures . we are by our narrative , we must leave our three friends to themselves , and follow the duke of buckingham and his guide through the <unk> of the louvre . your carriage ? ” asked morcerf . not mean her fortune only ; but tell me—— ” room with a pensive and gloomy air , glancing from time to time at the jeweller , who stood reeking with the steam from his wet clothes , and merely changing his	78.13570404052734
place on the warm hearth , to enable the whole of his garments to be dried . the child returned . o ’ clock , monsieur de gondy , having finished his business , returned to the archiepiscopal palace . ” ! ’ as suddenly as it came , and is forgotten . ” king desired to be informed the moment the cardinal arrived . house standing alone , between a courtyard and a garden , —you must know it . ” was peppino , and the other a bandit on the lookout . , how shall i now approach mine ? to inspire imagination and produce thought . although i may not be , strictly speaking , what is termed an illustrious match for you , i	115.69881439208984
am , for many reasons , not altogether so much beneath your alliance . write for fear of not being <unk> such experienced eyes as those of <unk> disguise his writing sufficiently . ” of the two speakers . immediately . discovered my father . ” have my breviary to repeat , ” answered aramis ; “ then some verses to compose , which madame d ’ aiguillon begged of me . our word included everything . sir , ” was monte cristo ’ s response , in a tone and with an emphasis so deep that villefort involuntarily shuddered . ring is his , d ’ artagnan , and bring back the two hundred pistoles with you . ” you do not stay there ! ” into	132.26406860351562
the earth , and encountered the same resistance , but not the same sound . ” cried the latter , “ when you haven ’ t your cloak on . ” ! have a new love . ” ” , or where she comes from . he , “ i want to show you the kind of passport which i have drawn up , and which will serve you henceforward as the rule of order in the life i consent to leave you . ” <unk> ” they put the stone back in its place ; the abbé sprinkled a little dust over it to conceal the traces of its having been removed , rubbed his foot well on it to make it assume the same appearance as	84.9557113647461
the other , and then , going towards his bed , he removed it from the spot it stood in . we are quite alone , ” said andrea ; “ besides , we are conversing in italian . ” the box between the columns , which remained obstinately closed during the whole of the first act . different crimes with impudent address , but which could only deceive those whose affections for you blinded them . clock ; at a quarter past , a merchant presented himself to insure two ships ; it was a clear profit of <unk> francs . that i can speak positively , your eminence ; for as he came in i remarked that it was but half past nine by the clock	106.28319549560547
, although i had believed it to be later . ” very bottom of the heart , and , like the first , there was no mistaking it . them with astonishment , for they sought vainly in their minds to know who this other person could be . they went with their four lackeys to a spot behind the luxembourg given up to the <unk> of goats . ; it <unk> the countenance , and those around me do not then appear so ugly . mother ; she it is whom you see here . he promise us ? ” said d ’ artagnan . thousand francs , you therefore still owe me five millions and a hundred thousand francs . i could adore madame de villefort	85.9505844116211
. ” the next act , with your permission , i will come and inquire whether there is anything i can do for you in paris ? ” , sir , that you are mistaken . to monsieur the baron danglars , banker , rue de la chaussée d ’ antin . ’ ” , ” said the latter , with his <unk> tone ; “ how do you do ? ” in <unk> porthos . ” he asked , “ the priest who here in the château d ’ if is generally thought to <unk> ? ” ? ” me so without fearing to make me die of joy ? will soon be taken away . ” of a dining-room , with a table , chairs ,	36.01175308227539
and <unk> of <unk> , and a <unk> parlor , without ornaments , carpet , or timepiece . wish ; that was that he should kill me . , the people who arrest and imprison you , ought , at least , to feed you . ” the brigand chief , “ give me the torch . ” and aramis well knew that they would be encountering great danger ; but we know that for men like these there could be no question of danger . as a name of terror at the palais royal . me ? ” for not calling him by the honorable name which no doubt he bears , but we do not know that name ) , monsieur your friend , having disabled	92.1412353515625
two men with his pistols , retreated fighting with his sword , with which he disabled one of my men , and stunned me with a blow of the flat side of it . ” back to <unk> ” to intrust herself to my honor ? ” in bad condition , from the results of this accident ; they seem thoroughly stupefied , as if sulky and vexed at having been conquered by man . at the dinner given by his master , and saw him take out a handful of gold to pay for it , he believed his fortune made , and returned thanks to heaven for having thrown him into the service of such a crœsus . lord , that it is he who answered	108.38057708740234
for me to the queen ? ” to wait for that , ” said andrea ; “ money is as <unk> in that house as fruit in an orchard . ” exclaimed the queen , frowning . me of it . priests . my road . ” much like another in this magnificent <unk> . you doing here , count ? ” beauchamp , “ you doubt me ? the staircase at which he had entered , and found athos and the four musketeers waiting his appearance , and beginning to grow uneasy . your hand , and i depart ! ” moment , ” replied barrois with the same firmness , “ that m. noirtier , my master , wishes to speak on important subjects to m.	56.560142517089844
franz d ’ épinay . ” ’ artagnan , “ these people are very ingenious . <unk> looking people , who seemed as if they were on the point of commencing some nightly expedition . , the notary awaited him in the small salon . letter to anyone ? ” asked villefort , becoming still more pale . ” he said , “ why did you not make that request of me ? ” monsieur , wait , ” said the king ; “ i will not detain you long . ” his hope of being captain ? ” anxiously for news from england ; but no news arrived that was not annoying and threatening . began , by way of showing off , to scold his groom	59.40346145629883
, who , instead of bringing the tilbury to the steps of the house , had taken it to the outer door , thus giving him the trouble of walking thirty steps to reach it . those who attack me . ” same expression continued . , that you are not a fool , and that you knew very well , although coming from gascony , that people do not tread upon handkerchiefs without a reason . anything i have not seen , and as i never have seen apparitions , i don ’ t believe in them . ” my lord ! ” said aramis . as the preceding one , perhaps even more animated and noisy ; the count appeared for an instant at his window	74.3825454711914
, but when they again passed he had disappeared . andrea . the boy , “ there ’ s our beadle , who is going a journey . ” you to the ruins of the colosseum and suck your blood ? ” asked beauchamp . ranged on some high ground above the camp . influence of which you speak , or that i have not myself experienced it , but with me it has been productive of evil rather than good . ” , mother , i have a strong intention of defending my person , and i never felt half so strong an inclination to live as i do now . ” ” cried caderousse , smiling , “ you have not attained that honor yet .	62.20532989501953
it , sir ? bonacieux impatiently with his eyes till he had gone out ; and the moment the door closed , “ they have seen each other ; ” said he , approaching the cardinal eagerly . a one four times in my life . ” asked milady . leave paris just now without <unk> ” colonel bridge ? ” asked aramis , “ and how does he go to work to weed the parliament ? ” quitting d ’ artagnan , gave him his sister ’ s address . probability , some one of us will be left on the road . ” ” monte cristo , he had never for an instant shown any appearance of having been moved . left . , my dear	50.9580078125
<unk> understand . ” . ” , one and all ; but let everything remain as usual , only close the shutters of the ground floor . ” the only man in the world having the right to say to you , ‘ morrel , your father ’ s son shall not die today ; ’ ” and monte cristo , with an expression of majesty and <unk> , advanced with arms folded toward the young man , who , involuntarily overcome by the commanding manner of this man , recoiled a step . athos was the eldest , and the least resembling him in appearance , in his tastes and sympathies . yield ! ” said porthos . while saying these words , milady uttered two or	78.35299682617188
three savage cries , which produced a strange and melancholy effect in flying away into the night , and losing themselves in the depths of the woods . . out ? ” you wrote to me , i had this woman arrested , and gave her in charge to a loyal servant . the <unk> of the poor man . door himself , and as the carriage rolled away he passed up the walk , rang , and entered the open door with his servant . fever , ” said she ; “ i have not slept a single instant during all this long night . to the left , so that the soldier will be at your right , as soon as he <unk> on the bench	65.27230834960938
to talk to us . ” the letter ; the count was thoughtful and silent . was a woman here ? ” replied aramis , becoming as pale as death . have killed the mother , ” said athos , <unk> . and a fine ear . , you know where he is , monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ” asked raoul , somewhat comforted . be ? ” rack his imagination ; fertile as it was , he could not devise any plan for reaching the island without companionship . ” said albert ; “ i have two words to say to the count of monte cristo . ” is to carry the letter to tours , and who to london ? ” , tell me where	39.93313980102539
he is , that i may know whether he is alive or dead , ” said she . of his eminence , and said that he should not have failed to enter into the guards of the cardinal instead of the king ’ s guards if he had happened to know m. de cavois instead of m. de tréville . lord , ” continued rochefort , “ you understand that to <unk> from the bastile in order to enter vincennes is only to change one ’ s prison . ” , ” said danglars , “ shall be most happy to receive you . ” you , d ’ artagnan , ” said athos , loud enough for the cardinal to hear him . , my lord .	29.223350524902344
” a pistole each , four hundred pistoles . ” the steps were lost in the distance . ” inquired the abbé . his musketeers , who were to louis xiii . madame danglars , dressed in black and concealed in a long veil , was ascending the stairs leading to debray ’ s apartments , notwithstanding the assurances of the concierge that the young man was not at home , debray was occupied in <unk> the insinuations of a friend , who tried to persuade him that after the terrible scene which had just taken place he ought , as a friend of the family , to marry mademoiselle danglars and her two millions . the trouble of <unk> , and after looking to see if the	58.960575103759766
stone was the same and assuring himself of the purity of its water , he took it and passed it on his finger with indescribable pleasure . and he was convinced that no one was watching him . in trying to jump from the end of a pile of wood on which she had mounted , the poor child fell and was not able to rise again . such deep anguish , with an accent of such intense despair , that monte cristo could not restrain a sob . all you want , and that we understand each other , jump down from the tilbury and disappear . ” . ” she stammered , “ i beseech you , do not believe appearances . ” at noisy ?	67.20845031738281
” porthos , smiling at the remembrance of his former exploits ; “ but we four , altogether , would be equal to thirty-six , more especially as you say the work will not be child ’ s play . me ! ” ? ” a <unk> , ” replied albert , “ and never had an existence . ” crop , sir ? ” said monte cristo , smiling . , the four friends were soon in one another ’ s arms . difficult to descend . ” ? —very little without you , mother ; for believe me , but for you i should have ceased to live on the day i doubted my father and renounced his name . opposite to him descended first ,	68.19271087646484
then he was ordered to alight and the gendarmes on each side of him followed his example . recognized . ” ” mazarin continued , whilst his wonted smile , full of subtlety , lent a strange expression to his pale lips ; “ yes , these noises prove to me , indeed , that the destiny of favorites is precarious ; but ye shall know i am no ordinary favorite . declaration that valentine was not the destined <unk> of his fortune had excited the hopes of madame de villefort ; she gradually approached the invalid , and said : while i am beginning to get old . seek adventures . to do in paris now there ’ s no fronde . madame de villefort , “	135.74815368652344
they have again discovered the secret of the famous _aqua tofana_ that they said was lost at perugia . ” ” said dantès , “ you make me shudder . them no longer ! ” ” yes , but in <unk> ” and i expected this result . ” different <unk> , sherry , and malaga , and a barrel of ostend oysters ; get them at <unk> ’ s , and be sure you say they are for me . ” but he knew that the wind would drown his voice . arms the count <unk> , a short carbine and a pair of double-barrelled pistols , with which as sure an aim might be taken as with a <unk> one . and get ready . answer	108.62659454345703
for it , will be but little pleased at being exposed to rigorous treatment on account of police affairs . ” noirtier . i love . ” replied debray . , madame ? ” said monte cristo . at the door of the cabin to hear if the musketeers were still asleep , had gone down into the cellar , convinced by their silence that they were all in a deep slumber . if the confession of charles stuart is at an end ? ” said the stranger . get a better . ” . own conscience was not quite clear on politics ; besides , what dantès had told him of his interview with the grand-marshal , and what the emperor had said to him , embarrassed	71.32777404785156
him . of course : “ the son of an <unk> sire , and the father of a yet more unfortunate family , bore in his looks that cast of inauspicious melancholy by which the <unk> of that time pretended to distinguish those who were <unk> to a violent and unhappy death. ” —the <unk> , <unk> . you are a man of a stout heart , monsieur , ” said the cardinal , with a voice almost affectionate ; “ i can therefore tell you beforehand you shall be tried , and even condemned . ” he lifted the stone , filled his pockets with gems , put the box together as well and securely as he could , sprinkled fresh sand over the spot from which	119.48401641845703
it had been taken , and then carefully trod down the earth to give it everywhere a uniform appearance ; then , quitting the grotto , he replaced the stone , <unk> on it broken masses of rocks and rough fragments of <unk> granite , filling the interstices with earth , into which he <unk> inserted rapidly growing plants , such as the wild myrtle and <unk> <unk> , then carefully <unk> these new <unk> , he scrupulously effaced every trace of footsteps , leaving the approach to the cavern as <unk> and <unk> as he had found it . wager , your honor , that you and i are thinking of the same thing . ” having a companion who entertains the least fear . ” the	164.98263549804688
comte de la fere , ” said athos , rising and bowing respectfully to the duchess de chevreuse . was placed against the wall ; i took it , and advanced towards the thicket . said , “ it is sad , i know well , to be forced to yield thus ; but , pshaw ! whichever you please . ” became him marvelously . ? ” he said , when the door was closed behind him , “ how easily these husbands , whom we ridicule , gain an advantage over us . ” that is called an <unk> . ” . , and passed different companies on the road , they became aware that they were arriving near the field of battle . in spite	63.95726013183594
of the injunction given , d ’ artagnan put his horse into a gallop , and in a few strides overtook the carriage ; but the window was hermetically closed , the vision had disappeared . the appearance of being a butcher , descended a little steep and isolated street , looking on to the river , with two of his friends . like to eat ? ” to the tapestry and became pale with fury ; for their ears , closely applied to the door , did not lose a syllable of what he said , while their mouths repeated as he went on , the insulting expressions of the captain to all the people in the antechamber . i listen . ” million , then ;	95.94970703125
but on my word of honor , i had no idea that it was so much . ” before i should be <unk> dogs to say that there were greater traitors in france than the cardinal mazarin ! ” shall prosecute my search for that unfortunate woman ! ” , m. de château-renaud , a handsome young man of thirty , gentleman all over , —that is , with the figure of a guiche and the wit of a <unk> , <unk> albert ’ s hand . a long and flexible neck , issued from his large black robe , balancing itself with a motion very much like that of the <unk> thrusting his head out of his <unk> . path to the glade ; but , to	85.24288940429688
his great surprise , carlini arrived almost as soon as himself . to enable me to converse with you , sir , ” said haydée quietly ; “ and if you like what is eastern , i will do my best to secure the gratification of your tastes while you are here . ” , general <unk> and the archduke . ” would ever accept the price of your life ? , and d ’ avrigny approached . cough to be a signal . anxious and returned to his own room , where he summoned bernouin and desired him to fetch thither in the morning the special guard he had placed over monsieur de beaufort and to awaken him whenever he should arrive . ’ artagnan , who	76.96005249023438
entered the courtyard on horseback , bernouin rubbed his eyes and thought he must be mistaken . me , saying that she knew anne of austria , who was too proud to love such a worthless coxcomb . s arm , which he had held beneath his own , and teresa , accompanied by her elegant cavalier , took her appointed place with much agitation in the aristocratic quadrille . ray of sunlight ? ” a good reason for my conduct , ” replied the banker . seemed to seek his friend ’ s thought even at the bottom of his heart , but d ’ artagnan sustained the inquisition with an air of admirable simplicity . ” said he , “ the ill you have done me	78.90481567382812
. sake , ” said the executioner , extending his arms . ” sure of <unk> ? ” of buckingham , named montague , was taken , and proof was obtained of a league between the german empire , spain , england , and lorraine . sword , my dear fellow . and be kind enough to wait for me ; i shall not be more than half an hour . ” rather better . he said ; “ i have my conditions to impose . that it is too soon after declaring myself for louis xviii . ” said the young man ; “ oh , no , indeed , the count will do me the justice to assert that i have , on the contrary ,	50.23942184448242
always entreated him to break off my engagement , and happily it is ended . arrived this night at newcastle . ” <unk> , his feather was a little faded , his gold lace was a little <unk> , his laces were a trifle <unk> ; but in the obscurity of the church these things were not seen , and porthos was still the handsome porthos . gave information that everything was preparing in the enemy ’ s camp for a fresh assault , the king judged that it would be best to put an end to the affair , and gave the necessary orders for a decisive action . ” exclaimed she ; “ and to whom am i indebted for so happy a termination to my	110.07425689697266
late dreadful alarm ? ” france triumphed , all his influence would be lost . from this labyrinth ? , how very well behaved they are ; there is quite a style about them . of men . just what i can not tell you ; if i did , i should make you as wise as myself , which it is not my intention to do . ” le prince . ” milady , here am i ! ” cried kitty , springing forward to meet her mistress . preference you can point it out to me ; and if it be not within a thousand leagues of london , attention will be paid to your wishes . so , ” said the novice , with an	74.42554473876953
expression of joy which she made no effort to disguise . <unk> would be fine work . ” he , “ let her come , with your consent and that of the baron , and we will try and give her an engagement , though we are very poor to pay such talent as hers . ” soldier of rocroy , my lord . ” then , to bragelonne ? ” intentions ? ” so , how came you in the bastille ? ” on his face , covered with a cold sweat , that d ’ artagnan took pity on him , and casting upon him a look of contempt , “ stop , ” said he , “ i will show you the difference between a	53.197120666503906
man of courage and such a coward as you . instantly . ” his letter . ” but one thing , sir , for the secret you wish to know is not my own . liberty , and—i give it you . ” the poor abbé , shivering as though his veins were filled with ice . ; and what am i to do with this young gentleman ? ” from men who thus so bitterly injure each other . ” albert , ” said franz , turning towards his friend ; “ what think you of citizen luigi vampa ? ” after saluting the old man and speaking to barrois , a faithful servant , who had been twenty-five years in his service , took their places	69.1218490600586
on either side of the paralytic . seeing that morrel , still on his knees , had thrown himself into an armchair , he added in a low voice , pressing emmanuel ’ s hand significantly , “ watch over him . ” speak of me in any way ? ” staircase lies , probably , the cardinal ’ s treasury of which folk tell such wonders , and we should only have to descend , empty a chest , shut the cardinal up in it , double lock it , go away , carrying off as much gold as we could , put back this orange-tree over the place , and no one in the world would ever ask us where our fortune came <unk> even the	113.82970428466797
cardinal . ” my physician , and i have the greatest confidence in him , because he knows everything . ” ! ” and throwing his arm around the young girl ’ s waist , he pressed the hand of valentine , and disappeared . will not complain now ? ’ said the jeweller . recital , sirs , ” said the queen , turning to the duc de chatillon . the fit that the unfortunate prisoner was unable to complete the sentence ; a violent convulsion shook his whole frame , his eyes started from their sockets , his mouth was drawn on one side , his cheeks became purple , he struggled , foamed , dashed himself about , and uttered the most dreadful cries ,	68.8561782836914
which , however , dantès prevented from being heard by covering his head with the <unk> . . a theological quarrel , ” replied aramis , making a sign to d ’ artagnan to keep secret the cause of their duel . , the sea bad ; they tacked and kept <unk> . said d ’ artagnan ; “ i am one of his most faithful servants . ” to live in such a world of poetry and imagination must find far too little excitement in a common , every-day sort of attachment such as ours . , but will he love me less as his affection grows for her ? ” with the spinach and the omelet . the quai des <unk> <unk> , while the two	121.96019744873047
friends went to ring at the bell of the unfortunate porthos . , ” said athos , rising ; “ i wish i could say as much ! ” nine . quite complete , more especially as the countess is quite beautiful enough to represent a <unk> . ” no . and whilst she deemed herself alone and freed from the world of enemies who sought to spy into her secret thoughts , he read her thoughts in her countenance , as one sees in a transparent lake clouds <unk> , like thoughts , of the heavens . de monte cristo have you not ? ” was sufficiently well trained , monsieur de beaufort invited the governor and officers of vincennes to attend a representation which he was	99.66716003417969
going to have in his apartment . the manifestation of this astonishment , that d ’ artagnan related to him the precaution taken , and how , thanks to the devotion of his three friends , whom he had left scattered and bleeding on the road , he had succeeded in coming off with a single sword thrust , which had pierced the queen ’ s letter and for which he had repaid m. de wardes with such terrible coin . , ” said felton , “ and i have come . ” , the only one left standing , they bore jussac , cahusac , and one of aramis ’ s adversaries who was only wounded , under the porch of the convent . escaped with you	73.02013397216797
? ” the count , “ you asked me during the journey to allow you to remain some days at marseilles . sitting down to table , m. de monte cristo arrived . cried villefort ; “ or rather i will go for him myself . ” four friends grimaud had had so frequent occasion to make lint and bandages that he had become something of a surgeon . ’ across the chamber above me , and the next instant a dull , heavy weight seemed to fall powerless on the staircase . ’ artagnan the elder chapter ii . me more credit than i deserve ; i only wish to do what will be agreeable to you , that is all . ” gentlemen . too late	78.32049560546875
, ” cried bertuccio , eagerly ; “ and if your excellency will intrust me with the commission , i will find you a better at enghien , at <unk> , or at <unk> . ” but forgot to take the precaution to have a change of linen ready after the performance , ” said the coadjutor , “ so he took cold and is about to die . ” circumstance can not deserve a place in your remembrance . are past . ” about it to the cardinal ’ s esquire likewise . is the wine that was sent by your order . ” find their muskets , their cartridges , and their <unk> ; and instead of four musketoons and twelve balls , we shall have	76.88365173339844
fifteen guns and a hundred charges to fire . ” way to get news of them ? but one ; the other was an instrument , that was all . ” the notary , “ how do you intend disposing of your fortune in case mademoiselle de villefort still <unk> on marrying m. franz ? ” the old man gave no answer . , madame ; excuse me . ” , monsieur de rochefort ? ” count ’ s house i perceived a light in one of the windows , and fancied i saw the shadow of his figure moving behind the curtain . to that ; my scruples do not go thus far . ” generally strike the eye on entering the room of a young man	71.25299072265625
, particularly when that young man is a musketeer , had disappeared as if by enchantment ; and for fear , no doubt , that the sight of them might bring his master back to ideas of this world , bazin had laid his hands upon sword , pistols , plumed hat , and <unk> and laces of all kinds and sorts . excellency now owes me <unk> louis . ” september . he , “ of my hundred names i need only tell you one , to overwhelm you ! , ” she said , “ i have at least gained one thing in being only half a queen ; and that is that my children call me ‘ mother ’ instead of ‘ madame . ’	132.86863708496094
” refuse me then ; and i will return to paris , and will see you again , and will be happy for an instant . _ my dear dame , ” said d ’ artagnan , springing from his horse , and throwing the bridle to planchet , “ you restore me to life ; where is this dear aramis ? the prisoner , “ what talk is there of war with spain ? ” , ” replied the duke , “ on what i most reckon and what i determine to try first ? ” ” spoken of , the prince having manoeuvred , until that movement , only in order to await a reinforcement that had just reached him . , sire ? ” exclaimed	52.670223236083984
lord leven . that green preserve is nothing less than the <unk> which <unk> served at the table of jupiter . ” ’ artagnan is in our hands , and you shall be confronted with him . ” left . a moment when they left me alone ; and as i had known since morning the reason of my abduction , with the help of the sheets i let myself down from the window . to be no longer observed , a sentiment resembling ferocity animated her countenance . whom i bought at constantinople , madame , the daughter of a prince . in the same way ; everyone has not black slaves , a princely <unk> , an arsenal of weapons that would do credit to an	102.35396575927734
arabian fortress , horses that cost six thousand francs apiece , and greek mistresses . ” off than even that . ” wretched house had presented the gloomy appearance of a <unk> infected with the plague . de winter ; “ nothing ; and yet in passing the heights it seemed to me—— ” and he again turned round . the affairs of the vessel , and hastened to visit my affianced bride , whom i found more lovely than ever . de bragelonne in flanders , your honor . ” , obey someone ? ” ” cried milady , “ must i name him again ? led his company to the louvre , where the king held his review . seat to beppo , and sat by	129.3527374267578
him . livres are his civil list , and are as essential to him as the twelve millions of a king . said she , growing paler , “ what is this confession ? ” time , and drew back the tapestried hanging which concealed the door , to signify to his master and albert that they were at liberty to pass on . he quitted the room , villefort and the doctor entered by an opposite door . jacopo ’ s boat came on board the yacht to assist in <unk> it , and he gave orders that she should be steered direct to marseilles . in the <unk> struggling ? ” ” these , he saw nothing but a strange face , <unk> , and encircled	80.94402313232422
by a beard , with eyes brilliant as carbuncles , and a smile upon the mouth which displayed a perfect set of white teeth , pointed and sharp as the wolf ’ s or <unk> ’ s . _soubrette_ with his eyes , and saw her go toward the terrace ; but it happened that someone in the house called lubin , so that planchet remained alone , looking in all directions for the road where d ’ artagnan had disappeared . of mud of the same appearance . out and used to take his coffee at the club of the phocéens , and read the <unk> ; this day he did not leave the house , but returned to his office . the door without stopping ,	83.82669067382812
and they heard the noise of his footsteps soon die away . dear athos , confess that you would not be so philosophical if your raoul were to be involved in this affair . ” advance , following the sailors , who chose a firm footing . ? ” friend , add to his natural devotedness a good sum of money , and then , instead of answering for him once , answer for him twice . ” he will be too strong for you . ” <unk> , and you will find the harbors crowded with the <unk> belonging to such of the english as can afford the expense , and have the same liking for this amusement . cried the young girl , out of breath	87.8662109375
, and half dead with <unk> “ saved , you are saved ! ” and she threw herself into his arms , holding in her extended hand a red , netted silk purse . had resolved to die , and during the four days that he had been carrying out his purpose , edmond had not spoken to the attendant , had not answered him when he inquired what was the matter with him , and turned his face to the wall when he looked too curiously at him ; but now the jailer might hear the noise and put an end to it , and so destroy a ray of something like hope that soothed his last moments . . he should despise me so , without	110.49127197265625
any reason . minute after , and putting the money which lay before him into his pocket , the major part of which arose from his <unk> , “ la <unk> , ” said he , “ take my place ; i must speak to monsieur de tréville on an affair of importance . means of making him <unk> his decision ? ” planchet , seduced , like the crow in the fable , should tell his name , and that the queen , knowing his name , would discover that planchet had belonged to him . ” said he , “ for the poisoning of my brother , and the assassination of his grace , lord buckingham . , madame ! ” said the young woman ,	51.032718658447266
clasping her hands and weeping herself at the queen ’ s sorrows ; “ i am your majesty ’ s , body and soul , and however far i may be from you , however inferior may be my position , i believe i have discovered a means of <unk> your majesty from your trouble . ” ” said the duke ; “ and it is to this person i am bound to discharge my debt of gratitude . ” set out ? ” you—is that it ? ” he , “ when i am gone , that you may not be witness of my anger . ” from surgères to <unk> ; and there the king and his minister took leave of each other with great demonstrations	63.337711334228516
of friendship . me as well as they served the queen my gratitude shall be magnificent . ” nothing but a written document will be valid . ” the eyes of d ’ artagnan on entering the room was brisemont , stretched upon the ground and rolling in horrible convulsions . not have this ? ” asked the owner ; “ he is young , it is true , but he seems to me a thorough seaman , and of full experience . ” a conspirator to fall into your hands , he would be most welcome . ” there was no darkness . the young man , “ i ask you in what year ! ” you parisians , idlers on the boulevard de gand or the	84.12364959716797
bois de boulogne , and think of this man , it seems to me we are not of the same race . ” he is going to spend the day and night there . ” my friend , search ; and when you have found , you will tell me , will you not ? ” about twenty or twenty-two years , active and lively , the true _soubrette_ of a great <unk> from the step upon which , according to the custom of the time , she was seated , and took her way toward the terrace upon which d ’ artagnan had perceived lubin . , the abduction is an accomplished fact , ” replied eugénie . herblay , ” said athos , “ dismount and	54.69725036621094
come here . ” you to take advantage , my friend . strange man , “ the count of monte cristo bows to none but the count of monte cristo himself . behind him mordaunt glided into the subterranean passage , <unk> on the way his now useless sword , and thus reached the neighboring house , where he paused to examine himself and to take breath . ” have the honor of charging you , ” replied aramis , lifting his hat with one hand and drawing his sword with the other . up the letter , aramis ? ” said d ’ artagnan . then , does the equipment of your company consist , monsieur porthos ? ” artagnan felt lonely and powerless , without courage	64.58604431152344
to pursue a career in which he could only distinguish himself on condition that each of his three companions should endow him with one of the gifts each had received from heaven . and it is natural that it should be so . murmured maximilian ; “ your father hates me , while your grandfather , on the <unk> strange feelings are aroused by politics . ” d ’ artagnan , “ let us give the money to the lackeys , as lord de winter desired us to do . ” albert , just as madame danglars was descending the stairs , “ let us reckon our riches , if you please ; i want capital to build my plans upon . ” t you hear ? two	68.32919311523438
o ’ clock ask leave to make up a game at tennis with la ramee and let him send two or three balls over the ramparts . ” says , and when she dreams a thing it is sure to happen , she assures me . be at noisy , or be coming there this evening , ’ said the other ; and that applies very well to you . ” he said , “ you confess ; but a confession made to the judges , a confession made at the last moment , extorted when the crime can not be denied , <unk> not the punishment inflicted on the guilty ! ” are composed of treasures one possesses under one ’ s hand , such as mines	97.90538024902344
, lands , and <unk> property , in such states as france , austria , and england , provided these treasures and property form a total of about a hundred millions ; i call those second-rate fortunes , that are gained by <unk> enterprises , <unk> companies , <unk> , and principalities , not drawing more than 1,500,000 francs , the whole forming a capital of about fifty millions ; finally , i call those third-rate fortunes , which are composed of a <unk> capital , dependent upon the will of others , or upon chances which a bankruptcy involves or a false telegram <unk> , such as banks , speculations of the <unk> fact , all operations under the influence of greater or less <unk> , the	250.80239868164062
whole bringing in a real or fictitious capital of about fifteen millions . fall at the bourse ? ” , “ if you have anything to attend to , beauchamp , do it directly ; if you have any appointment for this evening , defer it till tomorrow . peasant ’ s costume , and as she passed she raised her mask . s the name of the lad whom i made a sergeant in piedmont ’ s regiment ? ” bonacieux about whom i am anxious , ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ but the queen , whom the king abandons , whom the cardinal persecutes , and who sees the heads of all her friends fall , one after the other . ” place nearly	78.20327758789062
eighty-three hours . ” had given a heart vile and venal ; to the _soubrette_ she had given the heart of a duchess . signed by the cardinal ? ” said the governor . albert , as the door of a box on the first circle opened , “ that must be the countess g—— . ” , clear , and precise ; and i would rather be obliged to repeat my words twice , or even three times , than they should be misunderstood . clamps of my bedstead ; and this very tool has sufficed me to hollow out the road by which i came hither , a distance of about fifty feet . ” <unk> the one side cries of anger , on the other	90.82231140136719
cries of enthusiasm . the latter , “ since that heart is no longer with you in the bois de vincennes , it is elsewhere , and i must go and find it . ” had little presents and <unk> , which you tried to hide from your poor friend caderousse . ! second question . ” to ! the cardinal ? ” have stayed with his mother for four days at tréport , it would have been a condescension or a martyrdom , while i return , more contented , more <unk> i say more poetic ! <unk> if i had taken queen <unk> or <unk> as my companion . ” shortest of those three gentlemen ? ” half had gone by and no favorable change had	114.72352600097656
taken place , and dantès began to fancy the inspector ’ s visit but a dream , an illusion of the brain . said the count , returning his tablets to his pocket , “ make yourself perfectly easy ; the hand of your time-piece will not be more accurate in marking the time than myself . ” lord , ’ tis but little , as certainly i shall not go alone . ” on , sir , ” replied the king ; “ you have today earned the right to make inquiries here . ” my dear aramis , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ your philosophy convinces me , on my honor . a private staircase , ” said the count ; “ that is	48.8000602722168
convenient . cried the cardinal , ‘ i thought you were a gascon , my friend ? ’ then ? ” said fernand , lifting up his head , and looking at caderousse like a man who looks for someone on whom to vent his anger ; “ mercédès is not accountable to any person , is she ? any prosecution might be attended with serious consequences . only a magistrate , he was almost a diplomatist . little difference to me , ” said caderousse , “ if i were retaken , i am a poor creature to live alone , and sometimes pine for my old comrades ; not like you , heartless creature , who would be glad never to see them again . ”	89.0966567993164
had remained silent as they marched along in company with their <unk> they could do with the less difficulty since each of them had occupation enough in answering his own thoughts . or three <unk> <unk> , written four or five articles in the <unk> , and voted five or six years on the ministerial side . ” the pope who is infallible , and that this infallibility does not extend to cardinals . ” ; and tomorrow to the wheel , to the gallows ! will rest between you and beauchamp . ” raised his head , and the forms of two persons became visible to the old man ’ s eyes . the dungeon he perceived an <unk> , the white letters of which were still	105.9611587524414
visible on the green wall : confess it does , ” replied d ’ artagnan . the affair is serious and <unk> . ” the baron , on leaving her “ you will not escape tonight ! ” apology for not having met him , pointed to the corpse under the sheet , and began to sob again . , the pure parliament . ” late , though he went to bed so early ; he had not slept well for five or six nights , even if he had slept at all . had been , and still is , completely deserted . out instantly for saint germain , but the queen declared that she should wait for the people whom she had appointed to meet her	91.86034393310547
. slowly , bowed frequently , laughed without noise , showing his teeth , which were fine and of which , as the rest of his person , he appeared to take great care . when you were walking in the garden , and , on my honor , without at all wishing to depreciate the beauty of mademoiselle danglars , i can not understand how any man can really love her . ” arrived at thirsk . passing at lord de winter ’ s , athos , seated near his window , his elbow on the table and his head supported on his hand , was listening intently to raoul ’ s account of the adventures he met with on his journey and the details of the	71.55482482910156
battle . reply , which he by no means expected , started like a soldier who feels the blow levelled at him over the armor he wears , and a curl of his disdainful lip indicated that from that moment he noted in the tablets of his brain that the count of monte cristo was by no means a highly <unk> gentleman . he bade me be of good courage , and to rely upon his doing all in his power to convince my judges of my innocence . must stick tight to his body . ” sepulchre , into which a ray of sunlight in pity scarcely penetrated . . was marked with half a baron ’ s crown , and the letter h . ” yes	177.0867156982422
, i bless you in my own name , and in the name of three generations of irreproachable men , who say through me , ‘ the edifice which misfortune has destroyed , providence may build up again. ’ on seeing me die such a death , the most inexorable will have pity on you . , ” returned château-renaud ; “ ask debray if he would sacrifice his english steed for a stranger ? ” a mother , sir . the englishman as if he were slow of comprehension . see , madame , he recognizes you , and bows . ” , planchet , ” said d ’ artagnan in a whisper to him , “ or he will not arrive alive ; the lungs are	121.48558807373047
attacked , my friend . ” chariot and pulled the silk cord which was attached to the coachman ’ s little finger . ? ” cried kitty . here—the woman with the embroidered handkerchief . ” ” —are you sure , albert ? ” break our bonds . porthos , “ what do you want , and why do you not let us listen to the end of the conversation ? ” ? ” exclaimed d ’ artagnan . have no share in this affair ; and happily so , for instead of the invisible , <unk> agent of celestial rewards and punishments , i shall find one both palpable and visible , on whom i shall revenge myself , i assure you , for all i have	71.65302276611328
suffered during the last month . . i repeat , excuse me , but on that account only , <unk> guard ! ” astonishment at the sight of their visitor ’ s emotion , and wondered to see the large tears silently chasing each other down his otherwise stern and immovable features ; but they felt the <unk> of his grief , and kindly refrained from questioning him as to its cause , while , with instinctive delicacy , they left him to indulge his sorrow alone . peppino who was preparing to mount guard as comfortably as possible by seating himself opposite to the door , and placing between his legs an <unk> pan , containing <unk> <unk> with bacon . , ’ replied caderousse ; ‘	171.8727264404297
the fact is , we do not lodge <unk> , our tavern is so near the town , that nobody would think of stopping here . ’ of henry iv . <unk> in order not to encounter the mazarinists scattered about the isle of france , and also to escape the frondeurs , who were in possession of normandy and who never failed to conduct captives to the duc de longueville , in order that he might ascertain whether they were friends or foes . , foaming at his mouth , and his fist extended , mordaunt had advanced one more step , a threatening , terrible step , toward de winter . d ’ artagnan glanced rapidly around and remarked that mazarin had a sealed letter before	122.387451171875
him . and leave us . ” , in which he placed his naked feet , and then conducted him down the stairs . , that there are some ? ” said aramis , smiling . and the superior entered . guise , was a little discomposed at his <unk> and wanted to pass at all risks , believing too , that the man with whom he had to do was endowed with the virtues of his cloth , namely , patience and christian charity . a considerable sum . ” to do with my cash box . oars made no noise whatever in striking the water , and when i leaned over to ascertain the cause i saw that they were muffled with the sashes of our	105.60972595214844
<unk> besides the rowers , the boat contained only the women , my father , mother , selim , and myself . ! ” added he , with that misanthropic tone which was peculiar to him , “ perhaps sooner than you wish . ” scene was repeated . saw you , all my hopes of happiness have been in securing your affection . friends , “ gentlemen , ” said he , “ allow me to correct your words , if you please . seen me again , you still <unk> , then you shall be free , and i myself will give you the weapon you desire . ” result of those duels ? ” strongest , after all , ” continued d ’ artagnan ,	61.82575607299805
“ don ’ t be furious with old men and women , and keep your wrath for more appropriate occasions . ” austria . name was jacques <unk> bonacieux , that he was fifty-one years old , a retired mercer , and lived rue des fossoyeurs , no . which is the present , you may <unk> . who will not prosecute the affairs of any one , even his own . athos . your father ’ s ? ” a feeling of faintness came over villefort . , body and soul ! ” sooner see you again , my dear father , ” replied the young man . had kept from prudence and that they might believe her seriously wounded , burned her like a bed of	93.36652374267578
fire . his eye dull , his speech slow and painful , athos would look for hours together at his bottle , his glass , or at grimaud , who , accustomed to obey him by signs , read in the faint glance of his master his least desire , and satisfied it immediately . ” said the count , <unk> total ignorance . d ’ artagnan , who took it . it that andrea well knew that he was examining to see if all the edges were perfect . bowed his noble head . close under the wall , then crossed a path , hid entered a clump of trees . . that first impulses are <unk> the best . it was , by raising and lowering	132.8524169921875
his head eight or ten times successively . , carried it into the corner of his cell , and covered it with earth . asked eugénie . grimaud , olivain , and blaisois ! his house into a <unk> , as the germans term it . that you were a friend , and that she need not conceal anything from you . ” their limbs and tongues they could , of course , tell nothing but what they <unk> they had been seized , stripped and bound . ramee , “ give me your gibbet , my lord . ” governor countersigned the passport and delivered it to d ’ artagnan . eyes from the object which had first attracted his attention , he asked for his <unk>	77.6494369506836
. summit of our wishes , success has usually the power to drive away sleep on the first night after the fulfilment of long cherished hopes . seven o ’ clock in the evening , i saw a servant on horseback leave the house at full gallop , and take the road to sèvres . and struck it once . our flight , and we can select any time we choose . the next day at eleven o ’ clock . the window , and lent his ear . danglars , in a timid tone , “ how did you manage about the other <unk> <unk> settlement ? ” again with a slight smile , and retiring from the window , came out of the hostelry with a	70.26830291748047
slow step , and placed himself before the horse , within two paces of d ’ artagnan . ” said he . just as he formerly used to take up the stones from the road , and threw them out of the house . ” but he is ignorant of his real name , having never known his parents . ” not to give too uncomfortable an importance to this observation : me ? ” said felton . m. de villefort , so harshly that the child started up from the floor , “ do you hear me ? —go ! ” raoul : should you be wounded in a battle , and fall from your horse , if you have any strength left , <unk> yourself from	72.29283142089844
the line that your regiment has formed ; otherwise , it may be driven back and you will be trampled to death by the horses . my servant , or rather him who will no longer be my servant tomorrow , it was the talk of the house . ” iron men who never fell dead . , ” said valentine . so ; he must live . ” he , with one of his most charming smiles , “ having finished talking to the father-in-law , i must address myself to the banker . ” was worth seven thousand livres ? ” raised his hand to his face , and observing that his fingers were covered with the monarch ’ s blood , fell down insensible .	63.554656982421875
indeed ! ” <unk> porthos . that not only mme . or giving any other <unk> of his presence , as if he had been a friend or the master of the place . so unquestionably , had not god given me so large a compensation . t swear ? ” cried his eminence , for the third time . d ’ artagnan . felton . confession is , i am . waves and the sight of the sharp rocks announced the approach of death , and death then terrified me , and i used all my skill and intelligence as a man and a sailor to struggle against the wrath of god . at the door . now made his appearance , accompanied by caderousse , effectually	64.02625274658203
confirmed the report , stating that he had recently conversed with m. morrel , who had himself assured him of his intention to dine at la réserve . athos , “ four times only ; once at the house of monsieur <unk> ; another time at my own house in the country , in my château <unk> i had a château ; a third time at monsieur de tréville ’ s where it surprised us all ; and the fourth time at a cabaret , where it fell to my lot , and where i lost a hundred louis and a supper on it . ” is supreme and impartial as that of god ; it will not suffer you to be trampled on by your enemies without	92.74150848388672
giving you an opportunity of defending yourself . join our party , my dear beauchamp ? mother , he found her in the boudoir reclining in a large velvet armchair , the whole room so obscure that only the shining <unk> , fastened here and there to the drapery , and the angles of the gilded frames of the pictures , showed with some degree of brightness in the gloom . ! ” he cried . i come to beg you to render me a service . ” of bethune in an access of passion , but now his fury is assuaged . ” <unk> away , to <unk> is good for the king ’ s musketeers ! ” . ” morrel ; “ who is your second	75.7197265625
witness ? ” make <unk> portmanteau ! ” in the first place , ” replied dantès , “ upon the enormous degree of intelligence and ability you must have employed to reach the high perfection to which you have attained . : “ we also have money <unk> i have not yet drunk all my share of the diamond , and porthos and aramis have not eaten all theirs . allow me to recompense worthily the devotion of your man . ” athos , whose real name that was , and who made a sign with his head that all was true which the executioner had said . . ” <unk> my mother , declares he is in despair about it . good sort of a man .	86.29118347167969
” the steward , “ here ! ” whilst the groom ran to a neighboring building . by the private stairs and you will find me at the door . ” said the englishman , taking a quantity of papers from his pocket , “ an assignment of 200,000 francs to our house by m. de boville , the inspector of prisons , to whom they are due . had hitherto tried to restrain , now burst out in a violent fit of <unk> sobbing . his appearance , looking in every direction to see if he were observed , but he saw no one . house and turned towards the quay . <unk> him have it , ’ she said . cried d ’ avrigny with grief	60.51645278930664
and surprise . for corsica , others the island of elba ; <unk> were offered to any amount that she was bound for spain ; while africa was positively reported by many persons as her intended course ; but no one thought of monte cristo . interposed renée , “ you know very well it was agreed that all these disagreeable reminiscences should forever be laid aside . ” proved to be as we had supposed ; there was a mistake . walk , reviewed in his mind all the accusations against the favorite of james i. and charles i. , furnished by two years of <unk> meditation and a long sojourn among the puritans . d ’ artagnan , “ you wouldn ’ t be sorry to	144.4578399658203
understand the plot , would you , porthos ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ and do not come till you hear me drum my fingers on the door . ” ’ s all . disguised as a monk he travels alone in france . ” to mazarin ; he fell into meditation . ” answered albert in a firm tone . , m. bertuccio ? ” said he . the right , or to the left hand ? ’ the paralytic . ” , madame , ” said he . death . ” , tearing your hair , instead of seeking to remedy your condition ; i did not think that was the way of your people . ” speech the king looked tenderly around upon the	43.71206283569336
people . is very good . just at the point where one of my <unk> is offering his sword to francis i. , who has broken his . there also . ” his head gracefully reposing on his arm . excitement , every nerve was strained , every vein swollen , and every part of his body seemed to suffer distinctly from the rest , thus multiplying his agony a <unk> . had not only engagements with the house of thomson & french , who had shown themselves so <unk> towards him ; and , as he had said , in business he had correspondents , and not friends . said he . were behind her and the women again were behind the men . do at notre	116.89646911621094
dame ? ” maximilian , ” said monte cristo , smiling . i was educated at rome by a poor devil of an abbé , who disappeared suddenly . i will be yours . the duc d ’ angoulême . by the explosion , tottered on its base . beg you , madame , to write at the bottom of this <unk> , which has been drawn up by mazarin , as you see : supper , but he rose quickly on hearing the two friends announced . was opened . for having made a stiff , as if it was not in a corsican ’ s nature to revenge himself . ” throw aside her veil , and it was then seen that she was dressed in	55.231964111328125
the grecian costume , and was remarkably beautiful . ” passed her time in the chamber at the farther end of her apartments . , in a hand perfectly british , and with a <unk> as perfectly spartan : had , possibly , for ages permitted a free entrance to the brilliant moonbeams that now illumined the vast pile , grew a quantity of creeping plants , whose delicate green branches stood out in bold relief against the clear azure of the firmament , while large masses of thick , strong <unk> shoots forced their way through the <unk> , and hung floating to and fro , like so many waving strings . to ask you for an interview of half an hour . ” cried d ’	216.9004364013672
artagnan , “ is the poor fellow worse , then ? ” yes , cruelly ! ” charge your purveyor , <unk> , to send me some wine ? ” you will send him to me . the scaffold . ” , opening his eyes at that last word . to him who was the best jailer in all the prisons in france . , <unk> ! ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ if he is a puritan we will inform him of the capture of the king , and in honor of the news he will kill for us his <unk> <unk> . ” franz , “ you seem to me like a man who , persecuted by society , has a fearful account to settle	51.17079544067383
with it . ” , _the <unk> . it is a resolution which my father has taken and i know he never <unk> his mind . said monte cristo “ if he has rendered the state services which merit this distinction ? ” in a voice so choked that they were hardly audible , and then stopped , passing his hand over his eyes as if to dispel a cloud ; but after a moment ’ s silence , he continued : immovable . he was marching to the frontier to join the king . ” hour past the time valentine had fixed . adopted , sir , ” said the procureur , “ it would greatly <unk> our legal codes , and in that case the magistrates	74.95391845703125
would not ( as you just observed ) have much to do . ” each other , in whatever place it may be , ” said kitty , “ you will find me loving you as i love you today . ” , edmond , ” replied the owner , who appeared more comforted at every moment , “ we are all mortal , and the old must make way for the young . all the guests , “ you have not eaten for four-and-twenty hours ? ” is a name , not a thing . ” the duke believed ; but sleep is a capricious fairy , and it is precisely when one invokes her presence that she is most likely to keep him waiting . known	86.92423248291016
, so that—— ” felton , in a low voice . the baroness very rarely comes to the house , and my mother , has not , i think , visited madame danglars twice in her whole life . ” boulogne , where toward evening they arrived , their horses flecked with foam and dark with perspiration . ” said the man in the red cloak , “ for you may plainly see she knows me ! ” of marvellous beauty appear on the threshold of the door separating the two rooms . this congestion of embarkation and landed in their turn . long the night seemed to milady , but d ’ artagnan believed it to be hardly two hours before the daylight peeped through the window	95.69661712646484
blinds , and invaded the chamber with its paleness . the husband of my duchess died ; so , my dear , the coffer of the defunct holding out its arms to me , i shall marry the widow . marteau had promised him a pate of <unk> instead of a pate of fowl , and chambertin wine instead of macon . , <unk> , that he might not see himself grow old ; dantès , for fear of recalling the almost extinct past which now only floated in his memory like a distant light wandering in the night . of jean <unk> in the time of henry iv . ” albert . looking for ? ” thought edmond . that you shall be served to the height	150.23358154296875
of your wishes , and that we shall see each other every day . ” ” answered the other . thou learn it ? ” debray ? —do i wish to know him ? —do i wish to know that he gives advice ? —do i wish to follow it ? —do i speculate ? is altered for the better , then ? ” started off to the palais royal , where he arrived at the moment of the turning out of the regiment of guards ; and as he had only gone there for the enjoyment of seeing it and hearing the music , he took his place at their head , beating the drum on two pieces of slate and passing from that exercise to that	81.43394470214844
of the trumpet , which he counterfeited quite naturally with his mouth in a manner which had more than once called forth the praises of <unk> of imitative harmony . of me who can only atone for evil by doing good ? ” modified and printed and given away—you may do practically anything in the united states with ebooks not protected by u.s. copyright law . my house ? ” pasha in command of the troops of a <unk> . , “ can i have been following a false path ? —can the end which i proposed be a mistaken end ? —can one hour have sufficed to prove to an architect that the work upon which he founded all his hopes was an impossible , if not	252.80067443847656
a sacrilegious , undertaking ? were arrayed in a pair of richly embroidered clocked stockings , evidently of english manufacture , while from his three-cornered hat depended a long streaming knot of white and blue ribbons . your hand , young man . hat , ” said aramis . among a thousand , say you ? ” continued he . the ante-room , as i wish to speak to you alone . ” thing is absolutely impossible . ” you thus . something better . see his mistress , and announce the joyful intelligence . murmured valentine . happy , which seemed to astonish the persons who surrounded her and who were accustomed to see her almost always sad and full of care . speak of your warlike	146.1035919189453
exploits , monsieur , ” said mazarin ; “ although they gained you much reputation , they were surpassed by others . ” , ” continued felton , in a voice that became more sharp and rough , “ that your grace knows that it is to milady de winter this relates . ” to keep off <unk> . ” , tearing the robe , and had penetrated <unk> between the flesh and the ribs . my escape by this means , i examined the grounds . above all the galloping and neighing of the horses winter ’ s voice crying out : ought to have a fortune of six millions , but it has been taken from me . ” to spare his employer the pain of	88.49330139160156
this interview , questioned the new-comer ; but the stranger declared that he had nothing to say to m. emmanuel , and that his business was with m. morrel in person . said d ’ artagnan . , captain ? the baron , “ assassinated . on valentine ’ s hand . , that the count ’ s coachman was attired in a <unk> , exactly resembling <unk> ’ s in _the bear and the <unk> ; and the two footmen behind were dressed up as green <unk> , with spring masks , with which they made <unk> at everyone who passed . invite m. and madame de morcerf to your dinner ? ” applied , being a friend of porthos , was very ready , not to	92.1953353881836
sell them , as was proposed , but to lend them . ” ! ” shouted mordaunt , as his horse plunged and darted off at full gallop . danglars , in the most natural tone in the world . take leave of m. de villefort , “ when shall i see you again ? ” said the latter . attitude , and threw myself down . use his privilege . every one was in his appointed position ; at half-past ten the prince visited the posts and gave his final orders for the following day . priest ’ s hand , and without meeting villefort , who was engaged in his study , they reached valentine ’ s room , which on the following night was to	63.916587829589844
be occupied by the <unk> . of m. de salvieux , who recommends him to me , i entreat your majesty to receive him graciously . ” ” said louis xviii. , with repressed smile , “ come in , baron , and tell the duke all you know—the latest news of m. de bonaparte ; do not conceal anything , however serious , —let us see , the island of elba is a volcano , and we may expect to have <unk> thence flaming and bristling <unk> , <unk> <unk> . ” put in a dungeon . ” of the gate , which you see there. ” and andrea continued his plan . ? ” reproaching him for his unavailing <unk> , and <unk> the prostration of	91.30316162109375
mind that followed them , he looked at me , and , smiling bitterly , opened a volume relating to the history of the city of rome . replied the wounded man . he has been here since yesterday . ” distinguish objects , and behind the bandit he saw a man enveloped in a cloak , half lost in the shadow of a stone column . every opening in the crowd ; he was evidently watching for someone , but his search ended in disappointment . d ’ artagnan , cocking his pistols , “ i will take charge of the one at the top ; you look to the one below . d ’ artagnan , who was in the trenches , was not able to	64.3968276977539
accompany them , athos , porthos , and aramis , mounted on their battle steeds , enveloped in their war cloaks , with their hands upon their pistol <unk> , were returning from a drinking place called the red dovecot , which athos had discovered two days before upon the route to jarrie , following the road which led to the camp and quite on their guard , as we have stated , for fear of an ambuscade , when , about a quarter of a league from the village of <unk> , they fancied they heard the sound of horses approaching them . , and can scarcely hope for so good an opportunity to occur again . , you have but limited comprehension . honest man who	116.19585418701172
entertains neither love nor hatred for anybody . us proceed with our history . her nurse <unk> , in the place where the <unk> cut the wood , when , passing on horseback , i stopped . she . there were not many intruders . some more splendid than others , —this is our credit ; but when a man dies he has only his skin ; in the same way , on retiring from business , you have nothing but your real principal of about five or six millions , at the most ; for third-rate fortunes are never more than a fourth of what they appear to be , like the <unk> on a railway , the size of which is <unk> by the smoke and	130.48779296875
steam surrounding it . speed for two hours , although the horses were so fatigued that it was to be feared they would soon refuse service . athos to go straight to the minister . the queen , “ i can send for them to the louvre , where they are , and thus your majesty ’ s wishes will be complied with . ” coward , planchet . ” ” said athos . ” replied dantès , with a smile which but ill-concealed his trouble , “ that if i were not a <unk> ” to-morrow ? ” asked madame de chevreuse . his cheeks . grimaud is an old and zealous servant ; he will follow you . ” tears in her eyes . of haitians	52.04104995727539
? ” said monte cristo . he , “ one never has too much money . service , sir , ” replied the major . delighted with major cavalcanti , had offered him a seat in his carriage . milady ; “ she takes a pleasure in my conversation . and down it , he gave the <unk> back to his master and began without hesitation to perform the same evolutions over again . ? ” ! ” cried de gondy ; but the cries which replied to his were poor and few , and perhaps he had but uttered it to make anne of austria sensible of her weakness . , the parisians arose with joy ; at that period a te deum was a grand affair	88.23004913330078
; this kind of ceremony had not then been abused and it produced a great effect . have just had a wonderful escape from the most imminent danger , and i owe my safety to the very count of monte cristo we were talking about yesterday , but whom i little expected to see today . more fatal , more alarming for us—the child was , perhaps , alive , and the assassin may have saved it ! ” foot , athos presided over it better than any other , placing every guest exactly in the rank which his ancestors had earned for him or that he had made for himself . first , as had been agreed upon . hall ; and it was remarked that ,	180.24737548828125
like the king , she looked dull and even weary . incredible perseverance of its mayor , had attempted a sort of <unk> for a surrender ; the mayor had hanged the <unk> . ” said she , “ i have often thought of it. ” then she added in a low voice , “ and i will think of it again . ” ” exclaimed cocles , “ what can it mean ? —the _pharaon_ ? ” great , you rascal ; you are to marry the daughter of danglars . ” of brass , ” replied aramis . , ” cried felton , “ and do not speak to me thus ; i came to entreat you to promise me upon your honor , to swear	60.6415901184082
to me by what you hold most sacred , that you will make no attempt upon your life . ” name ? ” with astonishment at the revelation and confession which had produced a catastrophe so different from that which had been expected during the last fortnight by the parisian world . but her usual pallor had increased ; her eyes were more brilliant than ever , and her hands , which were generally white like mother-of-pearl , now more resembled wax , to which time was adding a yellowish hue . to listen . could neither move nor cry out . have a window ? ” sir , ” replied m. cavalcanti ; “ in italy the nobility generally marry young . ’ artagnan rushed between them	134.77174377441406
like a dart . a turn in the garden to recover myself . ” cried mercédès , with an angry look at her cousin . my ladder against one of those unforeseen opportunities of which i spoke just now , and which sudden chance frequently brings about . ” . ” , and really it is but fair that i should know what circumstance has occurred to deprive my son of your favor . ” morcerf , “ i see you are a <unk> for forms , my dear sir , and you would remind me that the ceremonial rites should not be omitted . of hearing his own voice ; he had tried to speak when alone , but the sound of his voice terrified him .	83.71280670166016
the countess g—— entered . study and was reading with an angry look something which bertuccio had brought in haste . , sweet girl you are at present , and i have great hopes that heaven will reward you by giving you emmanuel for a husband . ” added he , strongly interested in the route milady followed . cristo ! ” said danglars , more pale from terror than he had been just before from hunger and misery . who knows ? ” said athos . very thickly there during the summer , and when autumn arrived no one had been there to <unk> it . was stationed the lawyer who was to conduct his defence , and who had been appointed by the court , for	120.11444854736328
andrea disdained to pay any attention to those details , to which he appeared to attach no importance . demonstration , and you would make everyone vow to live a single life . ” project gutenberg literary archive foundation and how your efforts and donations can help , see sections 3 and 4 and the foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org . he , “ first allow me to embrace you as your daughter did just <unk> ” noirtier ’ s expression could not be understood . was composed of half of m. duhallier ’ s men and half of m. dessessart ’ s men . my heart , ” observed julie ; “ and two or three times i fancied that i had heard it before . ”	115.25758361816406
shall be there . ’ he , “ was i mistaken ? ” my stables the horse you like best . told me she wished to send me to london to serve the interests of an illustrious personage . ” you have in your establishment , or in your family , perhaps , one of the frightful <unk> of which each century produces only one . better than that , sir , i can speak flemish . ” ” he said , “ you are good in council , as we have already discovered ; to-morrow we shall know if you are good in action . ” accept your invitation , having promised to accompany my mother to a german concert given by the baroness of château-renaud .	78.48027801513672
” that the delicate care of a mother , unwilling to part from her son , and yet aware that a young man of the viscount ’ s age required the full exercise of his liberty , had chosen this habitation for albert . often heard whispers of things that seem to me most <unk> father a bonapartist , the son a royalist ; what can have been the reason of so singular a difference in parties and politics ? require luxuries ; besides , i know what travelling is . ” however . ” , without doubt , ” said d ’ artagnan . of my brother was proved , i was set at liberty . comprehend the length of the conversation . ” violent ! the	98.2151107788086
parcel which he had desired bernouin to place under the seat . allowed to interfere with business . ” door . . , ” replied his eminence ; “ yes , i know that . , will raise this slab of marble and a passage will be opened . ” morrel pushing aside a loose plank , “ give me your hand in token of <unk> of my anger ; my senses are confused , and during the last hour the most extravagant thoughts have passed through my brain . said she . call devoted friendship , to recommend to another one whom you would not marry yourself. ” albert smiled . ? ” buckingham ! ” cried felton , in a high state of excitement . night	110.15206909179688
. julie , “ might we not almost fancy , emmanuel , that those people , so rich , so happy but yesterday , had forgotten in their prosperity that an evil <unk> the wicked fairies in <unk> ’ s stories who present themselves <unk> at a wedding or <unk> over them , and appeared all at once to revenge himself for their fatal neglect ? ” has , ” replied the valet , “ for i saw the horses harnessed to his eminence ’ s carriage this morning , and when i asked where he was going , they told me , ‘ to st. germain . ’ ” case , i warn you , i shall have you put in a lunatic asylum . ” of	94.77873992919922
<unk> that the inspector ’ s voice called him to the <unk> . , perform , distribute or redistribute this electronic work , or any part of this electronic work , without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.e.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the project gutenberg™ license . herself . by what visible steps has he attained this high fortune or high position ? ” . on tiptoe , and as the carriage passed , saw harrison at one window and mordaunt at the other . have been shared among his friends . s hand and left . cut a branch of a <unk> tree , lighted it at the fire at which the smugglers had prepared their breakfast	136.809326171875
, and descended with this torch . said the young man , laughing , “ i confess it , and so much more the readily , my dear bonacieux , as i see there is no concealing anything from you . smiling countenance . villefort ; “ you can now have confidence in me after what i have done . ” ” replied the count in the most frigid tones ; “ ali has many faults mixed with most excellent qualities . is a dead man ! ” cried raoul , for it was in fact he , who , feeling himself pressed and almost crushed by a gigantic citizen , pricked him with the point of his sword and sent him <unk> back . the mistral ,	70.52738189697266
’ said caderousse , ‘ and it will be sure to last till tomorrow morning. ’ he sighed heavily . , ” said athos , palpitating . <unk> , —the names of the condemned persons , their crimes , and mode of punishment , all agreed with his previous information . right , ” said athos ; “ here are our three leaves of absence which came from monsieur de tréville , and here are three hundred pistoles which came from i don ’ t know where . think of this ? ’ he asked in a low voice . said , on the part of his eminence , who wished you well , and to beg you to follow him to the <unk> . ” soon as	55.86191940307617
monsieur had left and disappeared round the corner of the street , monsieur bonacieux took his hat , shut his door , and set off at a quick pace in an opposite direction . ” ? ” made me tremble . butcher ’ s , two oxen to the <unk> , and make one of them understand that his companion will not die ; the sheep will <unk> for pleasure , the ox will bellow with joy . me was waiting for me at the door , and he conducted me through the corridors to a private entrance opening into the rue de vaugirard . paleness and agitation of the messenger that he had something of importance to say , made a sign that d ’ artagnan and	70.92448425292969
porthos should give place . assassin by <unk> murderer in cold blood ? ” said morrel , shuddering ; “ what has put this into your head ? ” my words i do not mean they should convey , and give them no <unk> weight . ” ” said athos ; “ yet it is probable , on the contrary , that we shall enter , because we seem to have to do with sensible people . ” said the three musketeers . dark , ” said athos , perceiving that lord de winter seemed more uneasy than he wished to appear ; “ and you have no servant . ” disturbed , ” cried the host ; “ here are two english gentlemen just arrived . ”	51.430362701416016
on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement . . village ; the woman had had a relay of horses , and continued her journey . out athos ’ s horse ; the musketeer leaped lightly into the saddle . d ’ artagnan , wringing his hands . , sir , ” continued mazarin ; “ your private adventures have touched me to the quick ; besides , the letter from mr. cromwell makes you an important person as ambassador ; come , tell me , what can i do for you ? ” prince died one day because they had put him into a butt of <unk> . , it is the	84.71053314208984
same . ” , ” thought the queen ; “ can he have guessed my errand ? ” choose for thyself ? ” <unk> at one another , as much as to say , “ have you found anything ? ” assassin ; ” they asked together . a sailor accustomed to the boundless ocean , is a worse punishment than human crime ever merited . fight , you will surely not object to giving me a lesson or two in shooting and fencing ? ” at ease about his bill , placed pen , ink and paper upon the table . of bitter vengeance over the dead body of the one and the tomb of the other . , a vague fear seized me , and i	138.42660522460938
tried to struggle against <unk> . passed since any one has wanted to employ me ; so you see in what a situation i am . ” him with and a gag to stop his mouth ? ’ sailor , as may well be supposed , awakened in him a world of recollections , as had the name of the count of monte cristo on the previous evening . . ” andrea , stupefied . , not being able personally to examine in detail the domestic economy and household arrangements of a man who gave away horses worth 30,000 francs and who went to the opera with a greek slave wearing diamonds to the amount of a million of money , had deputed those eyes , by which	153.75498962402344
she was accustomed to see , to give her a faithful account of the mode of life of this incomprehensible person . mazarin , breathing more freely . much truth and so much grief in the face of the young man that he made him a sign to listen , and repeated in a low voice : “ it was scarcely nine o ’ clock when i heard a noise in the street , and was wondering what it could be , when on coming to my door , i found that somebody was endeavoring to open it . he saw they were about to lower the boat . ” twelve to thirteen hundred thousand francs . proof of that , it seems to me . ” to	58.27583312988281
the greatest degree . . ” man who has such views will never allow himself to be taken , or if taken , will undergo martyrdom rather than speak . ” me . ” something warm , which moved . his companion come out . ” without a rider , covered with foam , his nostrils extended and eyes all fire , galloped up , and recognizing his master , stopped and neighed with pleasure ; it was arthur . said to himself , “ would spoil all ; d ’ artagnan , my friend , prove to this young serpent that thou art not only stronger , but more subtle than he is . ” . athos ; “ we can not see your signs . in	88.0097427368164
extravagant joy at the palais royal , to increase the hilarity of the queen , mazarin , a man of sense , and whose fear , moreover , gave him foresight , lost no time in making idle and dangerous jokes ; he went out after the coadjutor , settled his account , locked up his gold , and had confidential workmen to contrive hiding places in his walls . , an officer in the guards , on duty at the donjon of vincennes . ” hangs from the ceiling . ” 22 . time in swearing , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ let us gallop , if our horses will consent . ” neatly and rubbed the sole of his right boot on the floor	118.72197723388672
, but did not fail , however , to remark that mordaunt was looking about him in a singular manner . immensely rich , excepting the danger carmela had run , —and the marvellous manner in which she had escaped , made that appear to him rather a favor of providence than a real misfortune , —the loss occasioned by the conflagration was to him but a trifle . we sailors are like <unk> , and recognize each other by signs . ” directly . ” , my good barrois , ” said valentine . still hesitated . , dear rochefort ; pray tell me the whole story . ” it , half laughing , half trembling , and both gained the top of rue de la harpe	127.93782043457031
. , ” said the king , who enjoyed the embarrassment to its full extent , but without guessing the cause . , ” said the king , much agitated ; “ and recently we have had information that the bonapartist clubs have had meetings in the rue saint-jacques . with an event that he could not at all comprehend . willing to abandon his companion thus , and stooped to raise him and assist him in regaining the lines ; but at this moment two shots were fired . hour , and from this moment milady waited with impatience . vallon—— ” but yourself upon earth , who am neglected and forgotten by my father , harassed and persecuted by my stepmother , and left to the	111.6506118774414
sole companionship of a paralyzed and speechless old man , whose withered hand can no longer press mine , and who can speak to me with the eye alone , although there still lingers in his heart the warmest tenderness for his poor grandchild . style . ” working , ” said the procurator , gravely . are going to , ” replied d ’ artagnan , pointing to grimaud , who had already climbed some five or six feet from the ground . is very annoying , ’ said vampa ; ‘ but we have not seen him . ’ she seized his hand and led him to her grandfather . lower ranks of society in france . re-entered the garden alone . noirtier ’ s gaze	85.79977416992188
followed him , and his eyes appeared of such a fiery brightness that villefort felt them pierce to the depths of his heart . athos by seeing the sword of cahusac fly twenty paces from him . arts of great cities would have hid her blushes beneath a veil , or , at least , have cast down her thickly <unk> lashes , so as to have concealed the liquid lustre of her animated eyes ; but , on the contrary , the delighted girl looked around her with a smile that seemed to say : “ if you are my friends , rejoice with me , for i am very happy . ” absence of champagne and chambertin , you must content yourselves with that . ”	120.93852233886719
” said he at length . de monte cristo is our enemy ? ” replied mercédès , becoming paler than the sheet which covered her . queen . ” gentleman had not been watched , for as the report ran that he was a person of high rank , and one who would allow no impertinent interference , his _incognito_ was strictly respected . which m. de tréville waited for the king . the base of a pillar , lighted up with its pale and flickering flame the singular scene which presented itself to the eyes of the two visitors concealed in the shadow . that is very extraordinary in it , ” replied d ’ artagnan . go so far that we shall be obliged to send	67.2926254272461
them to the bastille . ” more , ” said the voice ; “ only tell me how high up is your excavation ? ” favor to bring us some spanish wine and then to withdraw . was opened quickly , and a messenger , introduced by one of the gatekeepers of the bastille , gave a letter to the commissary . treasure amounts to—— ” dantès , his heart wrung with anguish . me ? ” asked harrison of d ’ artagnan . than once related to his friends his adventure with the stranger , as well as the apparition of the beautiful foreigner , to whom this man had confided some important <unk> . might not be considered a large sum , in paris especially ,	72.21772766113281
” said the count ; “ but everything does not depend on wealth , and it is a fine thing to have a good name , and to occupy a high station in society . is there were only four like this in the cellar . opened , and the concierge appeared . carriage stop in the street , or steps in the antechamber ; the door had itself opened noiselessly . rupture of a <unk> on the <unk> of the brain has destroyed all this , not in a day , not in an hour , but in a second . ” have just returned from yanina . ” along the road , but as the road was long , they were placed at six or eight	59.54409408569336
feet distant from each other and one deep only . , <unk> and <unk> , who came from the parisians , and , on the side of the court , with officers and guards ; it was therefore easy , in the midst of this confusion , to remain as unobserved as any one might wish ; besides , the conferences implied a truce , and to arrest two gentlemen , even frondeurs , at this time , would have been an attack on the rights of the people . two days and a night , they arrived at boulogne toward the evening , favored by magnificent weather . dark blue coat ? ” to preparing their bed which consisted of a plank and a valise . my	102.43501281738281
turn , and i shall not be sorry for him to be able to let me enjoy the same advantages with which you gratify your master . ” by means of which i could <unk> the lungs , ” said d ’ avrigny , looking around him , “ perhaps i might prevent suffocation . cristo ” added debray . having introduced her lover into the louvre , that was all . he did not know had wished to take charge of it , had answered for its future , and had taken it away . ” reaching his abode in the champs-élysées , the count of monte cristo went over the whole building with the air of one long acquainted with each <unk> or corner . ,	63.72927474975586
no money ? ” ” ; morcerf alone knew not why such profound attention was given to an orator who was not always listened to with so much complacency . us understand each other , ” returned athos , seriously . ” said the duke . his hand ; his countenance was calm , and his step firm , and he was dressed with great care in his military uniform , which was buttoned completely up to the chin . that the second soldier was a swiss of gigantic proportions , so , save that some few of the seams split , his uniform fitted porthos perfectly . last step of the threshold when he saw athos bent down toward the ground , as if he were looking	97.21483612060547
for a <unk> in the dust . my <unk> ’ chatelet , where i slept soundly , being very sure that on the next day i should go forth free . , ” said aramis . ; they are three frondists , who are gone to rejoin the duc de longueville . ” occupied the head of our gascon greatly . nothing . fainting , in his chair . the night before , the bishop got into his carriage , and the former , more disguised by his pallor and sad countenance than his <unk> ’ s dress , got in by his side . was talking louder than the rest of us , he took him for the chief , ” said d ’ artagnan . the	65.39221954345703
idea that a young , handsome , kind , and witty woman is at the same time rich takes nothing from the beginning of love , but on the contrary strengthens it . sir , wait a moment ; for i have such a delightful note on the <unk> <unk> <unk> , and i will listen to you afterwards . ” ” said beauchamp , “ on horseback , at full gallop , followed by a servant . ” ? ” meet him . that between this man and his inferiors spoken language did not exist , or had become useless . monk became so livid and his smile so strange , that raoul , whose eyes were still fixed upon him , felt as if this smile	76.6434555053711
had struck to his heart like an insult . , emptied all his drawers , collected about fifty thousand francs in bank-notes , burned several papers , left others exposed to view , and then commenced writing a letter which he addressed : were those men ? ” everybody . done with him ? ” making a trip in the ile de france , and begged us—the comte de la fere and monsieur du <unk> accompany him . the right , he kept the island of tiboulen a little on the left ; by turning to the left , therefore , he would find it . get out at that window ? ” magistrates , and indeed frequently afterwards , a court of justice , on days when	122.8254623413086
some especial trial is to take place , resembles a drawing-room where many persons recognize each other and converse if they can do so without losing their seats ; or , if they are separated by too great a number of lawyers , communicate by signs . or three hours as furiously as the cavaliers on the wall . same spot until maximilian was out of sight ; he then walked slowly towards the allées de meilhan to seek out a small house with which our readers were made familiar at the beginning of this story . all day , not daring to return to his friend , thinking thus to defer the moment when he should be convinced , once for all , that the abbé was	154.59829711914062
<unk> a conviction would be so terrible ! , athos ’ s heart bounded for joy ; and that unfortunate , on coming to himself , found ten guineas that the french gentleman had slipped into his pocket . ” artagnan , she said : can . ” too often resounded in her majesty ’ s ears and too often vibrated in her heart for anne of austria not to recognize it ; yet she remained impassive , looking at him with that fixed stare which is tolerated only in women who are queens , either by the power of beauty or by the right of birth . and a great <unk> ? let me carry it out and we shall laugh . ” prisoners sketched a plan	125.23226928710938
of education , to be entered upon the following day . ” replied the young man , “ inasmuch as , instead of shedding tears as at the fictitious tale of woe produced at a theatre , you behold in a <unk> a case of real and genuine <unk> drama of life . ” fifteen , ” replied peppino . guards ! ” cried aramis and porthos at the same time . , who has just left his study . ” at the minister ’ s last night ? ” ” continued the wounded man , “ i suffer much and would like , if possible , to be carried to some house . ” ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ you have at some wicket of	60.96294403076172
the louvre a <unk> who is devoted to you , and who , thanks to a password , <unk> ” dantès ; “ do you know him ? ” this youngster ? ” bed , fell asleep , and had golden dreams . ? continued the king , with some <unk> ; “ the police think that they have disposed of the whole matter when they say , ‘ a murder has been committed , ’ and especially so when they can add , ‘ and we are on the track of the guilty persons . ’ ” you , ” replied milady , without knowing how much she aggravated by this reply the suspicions to which d ’ artagnan ’ s letter had given birth in the	67.5187759399414
mind of her brother-in-law , and only desiring to gain the good will of her auditor by a falsehood . that , d ’ artagnan , ” said athos , coolly . one , it appears , and the resemblance is so great that i think i still see my mother the same as she was in <unk> . this pretended duchess is ? better , ” said danglars . company , ” said mordaunt , <unk> . this letter ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . he said , “ might have dispensed with your attendants ; the honor bestowed on me is too great for me to be unmindful of it . ” his knees , and , clasping his hands convulsively , uttered a prayer	59.53021240234375
intelligible to god alone . can live like princesses for two years , and comfortably for four ; but before six <unk> with your music , and i with my <unk> shall double our capital . . ” porthos , “ why separate , since we are all together ? ” as one in authority . ” to be hungry ? ” ? ” demanded the irresistible voice of monte cristo . a serious annoyance , ” said morcerf , when beauchamp had finished the <unk> of the paragraph . captured ? ” he cried ; “ no , not if i can use more activity than my enemies . ; that is exactly my loss . ” without trouble convert these tongs into a hoop and yonder	96.61836242675781
<unk> into a <unk> ? ” friends ? ” he asked . cardinal , ” said de winter to him , aside . <unk> , and beyond the flat but verdant island of la pianosa . passed the time of success in intrigue , and your fine eyes are not destined to be eclipsed by regretting paris , where there will always be two queens as long as you are there . ” others , being unwilling to take the first chance from those who had the <unk> . spite of the dislike he seemed to have taken to the count , to confess that the advantage was not on pastrini ’ s side . want ? ” said the inspector . you are playing with his eminence	77.24583435058594
; this letter is your game . fetch it , doctor ? ” inquired villefort . , ending in a sob , burst from the centre of the crowd , who encircled the lady who had before fainted , and who now fell into a violent fit of <unk> . was not impregnable . <unk> to the end . ? ” difficulty in moving that tub , but by some mechanical contrivance it had turned with the <unk> on which it rested . a loss how to answer you , i admit , ” said mme . till you are alone . , but not without difficulty . aramis gave him a louis d ’ or . full length , and faintly illuminated by the pale light that	101.0881118774414
came from the window , lay a sack of canvas , and under its rude folds was stretched a long and stiffened form ; it was faria ’ s last winding-sheet , —a winding-sheet which , as the turnkey said , cost so little . is agreed ; let us go down . ” . mousqueton . something i wish to see . ” ” of journalist , open all the theatres to him . ” i will sleep at the _cheval rouge_ , and will secure a place in the first coach . woman inside drew a second handkerchief from her pocket , and exchanged it for that which had just been shown to her . speaking of , harnessed to the count ’ s carriage !	102.37959289550781
” broussel , “ i am in bad health and can not give myself up a prisoner in this state ; i must have time . ” <unk> idea which carries you back to other times , to other <unk> , very likely , have no connection with the present time and place . eaten and drunk respectfully the crown you gave me this morning , so that i have not a sou left in case i should be cold . ” cromwell ’ s most enthusiastic disciples . ” ” astonishment . say in your defense ? ” asked bradshaw of the king . underneath them and been hurt . ” , m. de monte cristo is almost an oriental , and it is customary with the	85.847900390625
orientals to secure full liberty for revenge by not eating or drinking in the houses of their enemies . ” that , you idiot ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . the master ’ s care , and went and lay down in his <unk> ; but , in spite of a sleepless night , he could not close his eyes for a moment . leave the presence , the cardinal gave him a friendly smile , and said , “ a perfect harmony reigns , sire , between the leaders and the soldiers of your musketeers , which must be profitable for the service and honorable to all . ” the count , “ you are under the roof of one who esteems himself most fortunate in	67.02091217041016
having been able to save you from a further continuance of your sufferings . ” she solicited . . ” would rather die ! ” cried the queen , in whom the imperious blood of spain and austria began to rise . to be recompensed for our diligence ? ” continued the mercer , with a trifling alteration in his <unk> trifling , indeed , that d ’ artagnan did not perceive it any more than he had the momentary shade which , an instant before , had darkened the countenance of the worthy man . some concession from a man ’ s self-love , you must avoid even the appearance of wishing to wound it . ” lose . ramee , ” said the prisoner . can	71.37932586669922
write as much as you like ; you may become equal to monsieur de voiture and monsieur de benserade . abbé ’ s meaning , or had no more questions to ask ; he arose , and the abbé accompanied him to the door . ! ” said lord de winter . friend , that man was your father ! ” us . the count , “ what will you <unk> glass of sherry , port , or alicante ? ” count , you are far too indulgent . ” ” said the baroness , “ it would have been somewhat more gallant to have placed the ladies first . ” ” said he , “ you were right and i was wrong . ear , monsieur athos	38.53508377075195
, ” said the cardinal ; “ but now listen to this . enemy ; this port wine belongs to the english , therefore it belongs to us . ” induced you to buy three ! ” the count <unk> me in so wonderful a manner ? ” , with a slender figure and a forest of golden curls , such as raphael was fond of and titian has painted all his magdalens with . ” and the old man bowed his head . with you , baron ? ” d ’ artagnan said to him as they descended the staircase of the palais royal . on purpose to see him , if it is worth while . ’ impassive and as if he had no understanding of	86.39823150634766
what was taking place . planchet , and sleep soundly . ” , if i have committed the crimes you accuse me of , ” shrieked milady , “ take me before a tribunal . you have committed toward me , madame ! stated the number of guests . ” could not make a long voyage ; there was no vessel at anchor outside the harbor ; he thought , perhaps , they were going to leave him on some distant point . into the nearest thicket , with a gesture of despair . ; the king , the duc d ’ angoulême ; and the cardinal , m. de schomberg . know if the duke of buckingham is in paris , and if he has had ,	76.31703186035156
or is likely to have , an interview with the queen . ” de morcerf , i am referred to you , ” said the countess . ! ” ” cried monte cristo . that monsieur de beaufort is going to escape from vincennes , if he has not done so already . ” do not give me false information as you did the other day . ” , and france , perhaps , with him . the most charming cavalier in the world , pushed open the door , put her head in and asked for hospitality . . you take him ? ” no longer fighting , but amused themselves with stories about women , and in the antechamber , with stories about the court .	50.62303924560547
us die here ! ’ i recall to you that word . ” these twenty years , kept down in this inferior rank , without going forward or backward , hardly half living . read : bell , and roused the whole hôtel . aid to king charles and they performed prodigies to save him ; had it not been for an adverse destiny , that beloved monarch would this day have been among us . ” from the former ; doubtless madame de villefort had just put out her lamp , and the <unk> alone reflected its dull light on the window . i have come to a decision . ” the duke when they were alone . the duchess , “ is now brought up against	153.86404418945312
her as a great crime . ” aramis ; it will be time for you to perceive my motive when we have paid our visit to the coadjutor . ” . your nearest relative ? ” demanded milady , with a tone of the most touching ingenuousness . henrietta , and , unintentionally , doubtless , has maintained a centre of inextinguishable civil war in my country . a black coat buttoned up . ” alone shall answer you ; you have a sword by your side , i have one in my cane ; you have no witness , one of these gentlemen will serve you . its <unk> hands showed that it had perished from suffocation , but as it was not yet cold , i	104.07120513916016
hesitated to throw it into the water that ran at my feet . want ? ” asked the queen , coloring , as she found that she had to deal with a mind as subtle as her own . ’ s service ? ” mousqueton trembled ; even his fat , smooth cheeks shook as he spoke , and he looked at d ’ artagnan with an air of reproach ; he staggered , and his voice was almost choked . be summoned on my account ? ” thought he . ” he had done to you , and , perhaps , to others . for the general rally ? ” have been . ” ” being interpreted , answered , “ three , without counting myself .	57.53291320800781
” with a pistol and sword raised his head , but it was too late . country nor misfortune , you who are sent to me by henrietta ; whatever news you bring , speak out . ” three , but it appears to me we are four . ” de guiche , “ these are cavaliers . ” knocking , and prayed with an accent so full of anxiety and promises , terror and cajolery , that his voice was of a nature to reassure the most fearful . ” ramee ; in faith , ’ tis time you came back again . are , marechal , ” cried anne of austria joyfully . to see them . in one single throw . ” use of your	78.23759460449219
shoulder , friend porthos , if this door proves to be locked . them with an affrighted stare , recognized them , and let drop his lantern , uttering a cry of terror . alone , but albert observed that as this was an unusual circumstance he might be allowed to <unk> from the usual etiquette of duels . the kiosk at my father ’ s feet , were seated twenty palikares , concealed from view by an angle of the wall and watching with eager eyes the arrival of the boats . had come up , waved his hand to athos , and then turning toward d ’ artagnan , stood quite astonished . the young man , handing kitty the letter sealed ; “ give that	129.27529907226562
to milady . and exquisitely <unk> little <unk> figure , with large curls falling on her neck , which was rather too long , as perugino sometimes makes his virgins , and her eyes dull from fatigue . god ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , quite stunned by the relation of this horrible adventure . . one of the vergers , who bowed and proceeded toward the <unk> . and heard her . ” returned the inspector with a smile . ’ s wife could follow him with her eyes , she waved her handkerchief to him , leaning so far out of the window as to lead people to believe she wished to precipitate herself . inquired at what time they wished for the carriage .	89.18876647949219
give up his sword ? ” the soup which the jailer had brought , rose , staggered towards it , raised the vessel to his lips , and drank off the contents with a feeling of indescribable pleasure . ? ” said monte cristo . dandré , ” said louis xviii. , “ blacas is not yet convinced ; let us proceed , therefore , to the usurper ’ s <unk> ” the minister of police bowed . , valentine ? ” the count motioned to ali to stop ; then he passed into the dressing-room , which he examined . right . the young man , with anxiety , “ i shall be sure to be placed in an agreeable position . ” ! being your father	63.80930709838867
? know how to dissimulate , ” said monte cristo to himself , glancing at madame danglars , who was smiling on the procureur , and embracing his wife . morrel , captain of spahis , —and son of my former patron , pierre morrel , shipowner at marseilles , —the sum of twenty millions , a part of which may be offered to his sister julie and brother-in-law emmanuel , if he does not fear this increase of fortune may <unk> their happiness . carriage with orders for it to fetch him at two o ’ clock ; fortunately the palazzo bracciano , which is on one side in the corso , and on the other in the square of the holy <unk> , is hardly ten	104.13951110839844
minutes ’ walk from the hôtel de londres . d ’ artagnan , “ if i recollect well what you said , it was nothing out of the common way . ” never seen him . ” where d ’ artagnan had left him , still overwhelmed by the coolness of his adversary . replied faria , “ what has <unk> you from knocking down your jailer with a piece of wood torn from your bedstead , dressing yourself in his clothes , and endeavoring to escape ? ” so ! ” said she . ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ for they are advancing very resolutely . said he to dantès . my dear old friend , that when you were a musketeer you turned your	48.991981506347656
thoughts incessantly to the church , and now that you are an abbé you are perpetually longing to be once more a musketeer . ” ? <unk> him at your own house and elsewhere ? ” ! ” said the light-horseman . me swallow twelve drops instead of ten , you see that i do not recover , then pour the rest down my throat . . raoul was convinced that some accident had happened and that a man was drowning ; he gave his horse its head , struck his spurs into its sides , and the animal , urged by pain and feeling that he had space open before him , bounded over a kind of <unk> which inclosed the landing place , and fell into	123.26150512695312
the river , scattering to a distance waves of white froth . thrown the fellow down , but hark ! ” d ’ artagnan ; “ we have not a minute to lose . ” turned the corner of the thicket ; he found rita senseless in the arms of cucumetto . , madame ; he is there . ” laid out in such a way as to afford the fullest scope for the imagination , and furnished with thickly grown trees , beneath whose <unk> screen a visionary like myself may conjure up phantoms at will . , they can , and that is much . the persons who exhaust your fortune ? ” said the duke , “ a proof of his connection with buckingham .	137.2178497314453
” coming . ” . ” water and the decanter from valentine ’ s room . ” the ground , the two adversaries took their stations , and the duel began . d ’ artagnan , driven to extremities , biting his moustache ; and then he charged with his twenty men and dispersed them in fear . to you ? has nothing to do with my obligations to you , and i now come to ask you whether , in my own person , my family , or connections , i can in any way serve you ? and uttered a cry of terror on beholding a man before her . madame de villefort , “ i need not ask you if you share that fancy .	53.52587890625
” he with an air of triumph which would have puzzled the most clever <unk> . , ” replied the inspector . monsieur the principal thinks that my thesis ought to be dogmatic and <unk> . ” love . ” ’ <unk> them , to men ’ s eyes ; ’ i had a minute ’ s hope . merely returned a <unk> movement of the head , while , with a cold smile , she directed the attention of her mother to an opposite box on the first circle , in which sat the countess g—— , and where morcerf had just made his appearance . ” observed franz , “ that with such stories you make me think of ali baba ’ s enchanted cavern ?	93.82402038574219
” five hundred crowns for you , and five hundred crowns for me . ” and found the first room empty and deserted . some esteem for me , ” said the mendicant with pride , “ and that not only will they obey me , but wherever i go they will follow me . ” , nor good stomachs their appetites . joined with your persecutors . ” was no longer a man , but a living corpse . at the same time more warlike and more elegant . , and this man thin and lanky , rather tall than otherwise . ” ” hear in bitter poverty . ” he replied , “ i am the only victim in this case . remain here . was	71.9095230102539
the gentleman and his escort ; he called out to him , but they were too distant to be heard ; then , in spite of the weariness of his beast , he made it gallop but the rising ground soon deprived him of all sight of the travelers , and when he had again attained a new height , the ferryboat had left the shore and was making for the opposite bank . world as a witness of your crime , and that until i have found an avenger . ’ that inn as he had left the hôtel des princes , without being noticed , walked down the faubourg <unk> , along the boulevard to rue <unk> , and stopping at the door of the third	80.43425750732422
house on the left looked for someone of whom to make inquiry in the porter ’ s absence . directly . . thing to have such credit ; really , it is only in france these things are done . no , ” returned the steward , with a sort of nervous trembling , which monte cristo , a connoisseur in all emotions , rightly attributed to great disquietude . the market , but there he met planchet with his halberdiers ; their halberds were leveled at him threateningly . the cardinal , eagerly , rising with a promptitude which proved the degree of importance he attached to the commission with which he had charged the count . invaluable . ” to meet him ? ” . were	106.53456115722656
you not at whitehall ? ” ” he said , “ my dear monsieur d ’ artagnan , and you can not set out yet . the originator of the project gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone . say , and don ’ t be afraid , ” continued athos . ? ” raised all this revolt . ” to say . ” you very well , and as to the axe , i do not think it would be out of keeping even at this moment . all been performed at the door , and there was no address given , the party all separated ; château-renaud , albert , and morrel , went one way , and	46.55448532104492
debray and beauchamp the other . never to speak a word of french , which he however wrote with great facility . ” , but in a short time were obliged to slacken the pace . andrea stopped his horse , and caderousse leaped out . the queen , closing the coffer and leaning her hand upon it , “ if there is anything to be said , it is that i have always been ungrateful to the brave men who saved me—that i have given nothing to that gallant officer , d ’ artagnan , you were speaking of just now , but my hand to kiss and this diamond . ” that went to the holy land took for their arms either a cross , in	94.83954620361328
honor of their mission , or birds of passage , in sign of the long voyage they were about to undertake , and which they hoped to accomplish on the wings of faith . in which the duc de beaufort had been in prison not a day had passed in which the cardinal had not felt a secret dread of his escape . ” said the young girl with hesitation , “ it is your opinion that i should obey this invitation ? ” room , <unk> so many guilty creatures have departed , trembling and ashamed , when i look at that chair before which i now sit trembling and ashamed , —oh , it requires all my reason to convince me that i am not a	109.84748077392578
very guilty woman and you a menacing judge . ” news , and knew it even before you could ; for three days ago i posted from marseilles to paris with all possible speed , <unk> at the enforced delay . ” therefore , the first magistrate of marseilles , when one morning his door opened , and m. morrel was announced . my man ’ s skull , ” cried d ’ artagnan . loves me , my mother . ! ” exclaimed d ’ artagnan with a look of astonishment , “ what danger ? ” ” cried the three friends . made a sign to apprise ali , who , understanding that danger was approaching from the other side , drew nearer to his master	68.05890655517578
. news ? ” brought you here to ask you , ” returned mazarin , smiling , “ if you have taken any particular notice of our lieutenant of musketeers ? ” without fear of <unk> your excellency . ” you my son or my brother i would refuse you in the same way . ” probable that this englishman may be someone who , grateful for a kindness your father had shown him , and which he himself had forgotten , has taken this method of <unk> the obligation ? ” keep a secret . ” his rounds at dantès ’ cell , and on leaving him he went on to faria ’ s dungeon , taking thither breakfast and some linen . ; i will take	65.35783386230469
him to his cell . ” ? ” d ’ artagnan . this mysterious count is a bachelor ? ” beaten ! gained ! ” said the queen ; “ they are lucky here indeed ; they can gain battles ! always one response which <unk> women . could not be attributed to play ; for unlike porthos , who accompanied the variations of chance with songs or oaths , athos when he won remained as unmoved as when he lost . . ” of these , mechanically fixing his eyes on the graves . entered . ” said she . him to overtake a woman embarrassed with her cloak . s horse ; but he stopped short , and could not be made to move a step	105.1954345703125
. we not ? ” ” cried franz . awaking , the count perceived raoul by his bedside . stopped at the idea , i hope ? ” those attempts that happen every day . ” ten or twelve days ago . , and the jailer , addressing himself to bertuccio , said : me that ? —what do you wish ? ” lose sight of monte cristo ; she saw that he took nothing , and even noticed his gesture of refusal . <unk> himself more than ever , to evade the enormous number of <unk> presented to him for the purpose of obtaining <unk> of admission to the court on the day of trial . that of his friend . are right , logically speaking ,	76.91397857666016
” said maximilian ; “ but the gentle voice which usually has such power over me fails to convince me today . ” . inquire the reason of this unexpected visit ? ” said m. morrel , addressing the magistrate , whom he evidently knew ; “ there is doubtless some mistake easily explained . ” cried aramis . . left his compliments for your excellency , and desires us to express the regret he feels at not being able to take his leave in person ; but he <unk> you will excuse him , as very important business calls him to malaga . ” cried d ’ artagnan . , placing her hand modestly over her beautiful eyes , “ never ! mercédès , “ i will	78.47953033447266
lead the way . ” to swear that we are not going to the place royale to fight . ” , ” interrupted albert , “ it is only to keep up the mystery ; for whom do you take the blue domino at the window with the white curtains ? ” acquainted , <unk> at least , with the masters and the valets , let us pass on to the <unk> occupied by each of them . , mordaunt whom d ’ artagnan had followed , without knowing it . for instantly . ” but they tell me that the noise of thunder is the voice of god . ” game to your adversary ? valentine suddenly , “ i understand . forsooth , ” said rochefort	55.84487533569336
, “ and when you find any of them , you march them off to the bastile . breaking up the pavement and stretching chains across the streets , when , headed by the coadjutor , appeared the prince de conti ( the brother of the prince de condé ) and the duc de longueville , his brother-in-law . i convey to the baroness ! ” ” she exclaimed , in so <unk> an accent that it seemed to stifle a sob ; “ really , you pain me . ” , and even his lips a little . ” do not look at him , but at this . ” so , particularly if you have not forgotten a certain signal . ” make an exception in	63.64496994018555
rita ’ s favor , as her father was rich , and could pay a large ransom . nothing is certain in this world . ” ! ” sire ; he is the son of one of my oldest friends—the son of a man who served under the king your father , of glorious memory , in the civil war . ” be considered the leaders of the enterprise had quit the group and were making their way toward the hôtel of m. de tréville , who was waiting for them , already informed of this fresh disturbance . , i mean the queen wants them . ” ; at dinnertime we will rouse you . ” sealed up as it is , doubtless , ” said the	70.5550308227539
procureur . , and perceived a postscript : my arrest and the robbery that was committed in my house , i am alarmed every time i hear a door open , particularly in the night . at his friend with an earnestness that embarrassed him . , who never did a bad action but that i have told you <unk> in <unk> , with my poor wife dying of fever before my very eyes , and i unable to do anything in the world for her ; i shall die of hunger , as old dantès did , while fernand and danglars are rolling in wealth . ” ; it was a new face . edmond , we are near the conclusion . from the past . ”	95.1601791381836
i have no relation in the world . ? me ; i went and threw myself on the bed , without parting with the <unk> knife , which i concealed under my pillow . arm . ” street they saw grimaud and blaisois , who were coming to find their masters . on the north of the city , between leu and dompierre ; the duc d ’ angoulême on the east , from dompierre to perigny ; and m. de schomberg on the south , from perigny to <unk> . ” said maximilian , “ that the signing of a contract should occupy so long a time without unexpected <unk> . towards the library . gates , they will be torn down , twisted into iron wire	101.94316101074219
, ground to powder ! with so remarkable a person as yourself . ” _moccoli_ , are one of the episodes peculiar to the last days of the carnival . he obtain it ? ’ asked the jeweller ; ‘ had he it before he was imprisoned ? ’ add that morrel departed almost at the same time . like a man accustomed to such demonstrations , only on turning the corner of the street he lifted his hat gracefully , and waved it to her as a sign of adieu . his eyes , darkened by death , encountered only the knife which had fallen from the hand of felton , still smoking with the blood spread over its blade . exclaimed renée , turning pale .	108.6038589477539
in thought , they had <unk> their oars and hoisted sail ; the boat was now moving with the wind . of honor should answer another , tell me fairly , shall you pay these with the same punctuality ? ” a <unk> of fat which preserves it from the cold air . ” , that if i leave you , <unk> ” ” pursued the count , addressing franz , “ do you also depart tomorrow ? ” ” he said , “ reply to my question . , and arrive at another , that is all . dressed , said nothing . know anne of austria better than i do . here i have a right to do so , for it concerns monsieur d ’	84.80902862548828
<unk> ’ artagnan , ” he repeated , in such a manner as to bow the <unk> brow with recollections of the weak and erring woman . he exclaimed , jumping off his horse . named , madame , ” he said , “ i have within the last few months contracted the bad habit of thinking of my own , and then i can not help drawing up an egotistical parallel in my mind . cardinal ; his vigilant eye watches over and <unk> to the bottom of the heart . ” side into the corridor where the count and franz were , and on the other into a large square chamber , entirely surrounded by <unk> similar to those of which we have spoken . kneeling	107.00595092773438
on the top , pressed the two parts of the portmanteau together , and mademoiselle d ’ armilly passed the bolt of the padlock through . make them drunk . villefort , “ i must ! ” considered in very bad taste ; there are gendarmes who occupy themselves with such affairs , judges who condemn , and scaffolds which avenge . ” to mazarin , who answered by an almost imperceptible shake of his head . and among others , m. danglars , your banker . is not a horse for hard work . ” ; you may speak of her country and of her youthful reminiscences , or if you like it better you can talk of rome , naples , or florence . ” the	104.63098907470703
count , “ did you ever know the name of this woman ? ” that mademoiselle de villefort , the heiress of the marquis and marchioness of saint-méran , had regained the good graces of her grandfather , and that she would ultimately be in possession of an income of 300,000 livres . of st. sulpice was announced . thing be possible . ” time ! ” cried the duke , spurring on his horse and rushing upon him with his drawn sword . , do you persist in anticipating the worst , —why picture so gloomy a future ? ” madame coquenard , a mule with feathers and bells . ” i had foreseen the result , it is the honor of your visit i alluded to	94.88658905029297
. ” of his creatures persecuted unjustly , placed between suicide and dishonor , believe me , sir , ” replied milady , in a tone of deep conviction , “ god pardons suicide , for then suicide becomes martyrdom . ” fellow , if that some one recognizes us , if that some one cries out , we are lost ; for you don ’ t propose , i imagine , that i shall kill that man of the church . be friends , ” said the tutor ; “ young as you both are , you were perhaps born under the same star and were destined to meet . ; everything else might be guessed , but not that . ” other terms of this agreement	99.77633666992188
for free distribution of project gutenberg™ works . uneasy on that score , ” replied villefort ; “ no ceremony will be neglected in my house . ” that ; and how would you habituate yourself , for instance , or rather , how did you habituate yourself to it ? ” so interested in the splendid roan horse , with his elegant little rider , so tastefully dressed in a pink satin jacket and cap , that i could not help praying for their success with as much earnestness as though the half of my fortune were at stake ; and when i saw them <unk> all the others , and come to the <unk> in such gallant style , i actually clapped my hands with joy	121.1579818725586
. from all the clocks of the faubourg st. germain . said caderousse ; “ you are going to find your servants , your horses , your carriage , and your betrothed ! ” on the bench nearest to the pillar against which porthos leaned , a sort of ripe beauty , rather yellow and rather dry , but erect and haughty under her black hood . ? ” asked the coadjutor . my dearest father ? fact , he is , ” said the owner . his quickness and intelligence , made him a present of pens , paper , and a penknife . , this morning , two frenchmen , who seemed to me of high <unk> short , two knights of the <unk> said to	77.4893569946289
myself , my fortune is made . uttered a terrible cry . he seemed to be enduring the tortures of the damned ; unable to rest , he was among the first to quit the table , and , as though seeking to avoid the <unk> mirth that rose in such deafening sounds , he continued , in utter silence , to pace the farther end of the salon . queen are my king and queen , ” replied the musketeer , “ my life is theirs and i must give it for them . is there surprising in that ? ” ” beseech you , what ails you ? ” cried dantès , letting his chisel fall to the floor . wish to ask your advice ,	76.35594177246094
” said madame danglars with anxious expectation . by a look . able to swim we will go . ” a very rash judgment , emmanuel ? ” said julie . he , “ let us go to valentine ; i will give instructions to everyone , and you , m. de villefort , will yourself see that no one <unk> from them . ” monte cristo walked down the rue de la caisserie . it was indeed something to have prevailed upon this child to rebel against his master , he saluted the king respectfully , and with this agreement , took leave of him . when baron porthos would be useful . ” are rising faster than they have any business to do , and that	74.051513671875
they would not be so black if they didn ’ t mean <unk> ’ — ‘ that ’ s my opinion too , ’ said the captain , ‘ and i ’ ll take precautions accordingly . the exterior , and if he attempts to fly , fire upon him ; he must be a great criminal , from what the telegraph says . ” confessor ? ” porthos , <unk> , “ that ’ s well as regards my horse ; but i must have the appointments complete , as they include objects which a musketeer alone can purchase , and which will not amount , besides , to more than three hundred livres . ” at the corpse , gazed all around the room , then	94.9918441772461
upon the two men ; he opened his mouth to speak , but finding it impossible to give utterance to the <unk> ideas that occupied his brain , he went out , thrusting his hands through his hair in such a manner that villefort and d ’ avrigny , for a moment diverted from the <unk> topic , exchanged glances , which seemed to say , — “ he is mad ! ” you , all three , that had the executioner of <unk> he not of bethune ? —yes , egad ! , perhaps . , ” he continued , giving planchet his expected title , “ take notice that one of the three men who just now went out from here told me privately to distrust	117.3132553100586
these gentlemen . ” cried m. de tréville , “ mine ! make use of any valuable piece of paper , i hesitated for a moment , then recollected that i had seen in the famous breviary , which was on the table beside me , an old paper quite yellow with age , and which had served as a <unk> for centuries , kept there by the request of the heirs . , baroness , to honor me with an introduction to your daughter ? ” done in a day what occupied me an hour . ” repeated milady , “ that man has , then , a spark of pity in his soul ; of that spark i will make a flame that shall devour him	88.39225769042969
. leaving the door fastened , he drew back the bolts and even placed the door ajar , as though he had left the room , forgetting to close it , and slipping into the chimney like a man accustomed to that kind of <unk> exercise , after replacing the <unk> , which represented achilles with <unk> , and <unk> the very marks of his feet upon the ashes , he commenced climbing the hollow tunnel , which afforded him the only means of escape left . dungeon who can not walk . ” what sort of punishment he shall cause me to die , ” said the gascon to himself . see a camp of bandits in repose ? ” he inquired . the noise , in	98.46129608154297
his chamber gown , his sword under his arm , stood in the doorway . porthos , “ i have heard that he had adopted a young man who resembles him greatly . ” his arm in which he held the lantern , put his head in at the half opened door , and seeing that the cabin was nothing better than a shed : regiments into two <unk> . you a question . ” said maximilian , coming to the count ’ s aid , “ monsieur is quite right . sir ? ” asked morrel , with a sickness of heart . ! ” cried she . is with him ? ” said raoul . what is to keep me here . ” s hand .	43.18130111694336
light vainly endeavoring to penetrate the narrow opening . to hear his dinner praised , and began accordingly , but at the first words he was interrupted . ; alas , nothing can alleviate so great a <unk> wound is too deep and too fresh ! with him ? ” , madame , he was too proud of your prudence , and above all , of your love . ” cried , “ or you are a dead man ! ” the musket fell from the soldier ’ s hands , who yielded on the instant . ? ” ” said raoul , smiling , although his pallor betrayed the excitement consequent on a first affair , “ you are in a great hurry to pay your debts	97.64070892333984
and have not been long under any obligation to me . to him instantly . sire , set the example . but bazin was asleep in the ante-chamber , and aramis was obliged to shake him by the ear to awake him . you know what i told you ? ” the major , regarding himself with an air of complete satisfaction . all probability to la rochelle , and once <unk> ” tell me at least , was struck with a master ’ s hand . ” , will happen between now and then to make the execution impossible . ” and advanced to the opposite side , while two sailors kindled torches at the fire to light them on their way . suppose is the count	81.34596252441406
’ s age ? ” inquired mercédès , evidently attaching great importance to this question . ladder slowly , step by step . ” , raoul , ” said the gascon ; “ for if he ’ s a coward he will disgrace thee some day . ” when i went out he followed , and quickly came up with me . ” he exclaimed ; “ that would be fair play . ” question of serving the king , the gentleman ’ s duty . ” my dear count , ” she said , “ that you are a very terrible <unk> , and that you look at the world through a somewhat <unk> medium ? let us all fly , ” said athos , “ and	47.02890396118164
leave nobody here but planchet to bring us news . ” were thrown open , and through the jessamine and clematis that overhung the window one could see the garden ornamented with lanterns , and the supper laid under the tent . striking , albert . ” ” , ” said athos , “ for unless i am mistaken in my calculations we have only eight or ten leagues to go . ” at that name the young man stopped ? ” horses ? ” said franz . each other . carriage , followed him about a hundred paces behind . reappeared , paler than before , but with that imperturbable expression of countenance which she sometimes wore . ” the englishman . sight of the little inn	80.35513305664062
and could see on the opposite side the procession bearing the wounded man and guided by monsieur d ’ arminges . <unk> is soon forgotten in this great babylon of excitement and changing tastes . voice ! man , who had watched with intense anxiety all the various expressions of his countenance , and holding out his arm to him , said , “ come , i will not abandon you thus . ; the stranger made a feint and a lunge , and that so rapidly that when monsieur porthos came to the <unk> , he had already three inches of steel in his breast . replied the young girl . the young girl , more eager than villefort for the decision , was watching also intently	93.54518127441406
and affectionately . , that we have crossed swords as enemies . ’ s carriage passed several times the one in which was teresa . ” for you ? ” ? ’ — ‘ i do , ’ said my father . , ” said monte cristo ; “ i perceive that my story has caused a general emotion , and i beg to apologize to you , baroness , and to mademoiselle danglars . ” a league in four or five minutes . and dear guardian , how precious and indispensable to me is the remembrance of the years that i have passed with you . me with you ? ” words ; you have said nothing , have you ? ” , since the honor of	55.13691711425781
the throne is safe , everything else is a matter of indifference to me . ” not hungry ? ” said the young man . friend ? de villefort ! provided that the place which you shall choose has iron shutters secured by <unk> and a door that can be locked . ” into the king ’ s room , change his clothes , put on a black hat and a large cloak and disappear . the abbé , as he returned to the apartment below , “ what have you made up your mind to do ? ” , time brings round opportunity ; opportunity is the martingale of man . , “ go instantly to the lord chancellor , and tell him that i charge him	78.81915283203125
with the execution of these orders . not have to reproach ourselves with anything . ” artagnan he recognized his former master . it . ” there is something between that man and me that he is quite ignorant of : he nearly made me lose my credit with his eminence . the new , or rather old , acquaintances of the count of monte cristo , residing in the rue meslay , were no other than maximilian , julie , and emmanuel . his head with an air of doubt , which the liberality of d ’ artagnan had not entirely effaced . secondary agent in this sad affair , and it is of m. de monte cristo that you must demand an explanation . ” at	61.9605712890625
that his mind , generally so courageous , but now disturbed by the two strongest human passions , love and fear , was weakened even to the indulgence of superstitious thoughts . two days before and seemed to have gone out of existence . empty . ” and aramis re-entered , the surgeon and m. de tréville alone remaining with the wounded . comminges , ” he continued ; “ get out of the carriage if you can and make another draw up ; be quick , or in five minutes the mob will be on us again with swords and muskets and you will be killed . the young girl , almost bewildered , “ can i not leave the house ? —can i not escape ?	121.98817443847656
” being , and i should tell you that sometimes when i rise , or after my dinner , or in the middle of the night , i resolve on starting for some particular point , and away i go . ” hasty , m. morrel , ” replied villefort . ’ clock in the morning the regiment of the queen ’ s guards , commanded by guitant , under whom was his nephew comminges , marched publicly , preceded by drums and trumpets , <unk> off from the palais royal as far as notre dame , a manoeuvre which the parisians witnessed tranquilly , delighted as they were with military music and brilliant uniforms . for by porthos and by d ’ artagnan at last arrived .	112.21568298339844
replied m. danglars , who had listened to all this preamble with imperturbable coolness , but without understanding a word , since like every man <unk> with thoughts of the past , he was occupied with seeking the thread of his own ideas in those of the speaker . a mortal weariness of mind , without hope in the negotiations with the city , without news from england , the cardinal went out , without any other aim than to be out of doors , and accompanied only by cahusac and la houdinière , <unk> along the beach . you lying bleeding , wounded . ” be able to frighten porthos with the adventure of the baldric , which he might , if not killed upon the spot	113.42362213134766
, relate to everybody a recital which , well managed , would cover porthos with ridicule . the room the general was invited to remove his bandage , he did so immediately , and was surprised to see so many well-known faces in a society of whose existence he had till then been ignorant . the notary ; “ then , perhaps , it is to your son , m. de villefort ? ” there one ? ” s orders . . . arose , and <unk> a closet with a key suspended from his gold chain , took from it a little silver casket , beautifully carved and chased , the corners of which represented four bending figures , similar to the <unk> , the forms of	117.631591796875
women , <unk> of the angels <unk> to heaven . enemies ; and let me give you a piece of advice ; take care of yourself , monsieur d ’ artagnan , for from the moment i withdraw my hand from behind you , i would not give an <unk> for your life . ” the famous room . ” answered danglars . of <unk> simon who has stolen them ; i saw him <unk> about here this morning . s true ! ” said château-renaud , slowly ; “ i think he is violently agitated . moved since you have been a prisoner ? ” ” broad sheet of lightning opened the horizon in its whole width , darted like a serpent over the black mass of	63.994598388671875
trees , and like a terrible scimitar divided the heavens and the waters into two parts . , i hope , young man , as your life . ” aramis . , m. noirtier , ” said d ’ avrigny ; “ i am going to take my patient into the next room to bleed him ; this sort of attack is very frightful to witness . ” for joy ; he had <unk> of finding bazin , but now , he thought , since he held one end of the thread he would be pretty sure to reach the other end . , you are decidedly going into the church ? , then ; we will simply settle our hats on our heads and we will escort	73.56859588623047
his eminence . ” mercédès , sighing , “ go , albert ; i will not make you a slave to your filial piety . ” help . <unk> . ” said aramis to athos , “ does the coadjutor intend to indulge himself in the pleasure of making us cool our hearts off in his ante-chamber ? ” ? ” continued he , addressing raoul ; then turning to the queen : “ we may still hope . and are beloved ; you , who have faith and hope , —oh , do not follow my example . , at the present moment d ’ artagnan was ruled by a feeling much more noble and disinterested . , his name ! ” cried felton . ’ t	65.73137664794922
let the cardinal go . ” embark on some enterprise full of danger , i laid in my provisions , i loaded my weapons , i collected every means of attack and defence ; i inured my body to the most violent exercises , my soul to the bitterest trials ; i taught my arm to slay , my eyes to behold excruciating sufferings , and my mouth to smile at the most horrid spectacles . contrary , i am not inclined to laugh , ” said athos , suppressing a sigh . ” returned the steward ; “ but it was very late . ” me , ” continued she , with a feeling of profound melancholy , “ my eyes no longer dazzle by their brilliancy	125.40986633300781
, for the time has long fled since i used to smile on edmond dantès , who anxiously looked out for me from the window of yonder garret , then inhabited by his old father . bring us peace , we will give them war ; if they do not bring life , we will give them death. ’ and he renewed the flame of his lance with a gesture which made one think of <unk> of old <unk> but i , being only a little child , was terrified by this <unk> courage , which appeared to me both ferocious and senseless , and i recoiled with horror from the idea of the frightful death amidst fire and flames which probably awaited us . the first blessed	176.6451416015625
hour of our acquaintance , <unk> all my words and actions to your sentiments and ideas ? . went on , looked at him with increasing astonishment . upon the exciting question . it . of this <unk> remark . again ; ” and he read the paragraph for the third time , laying a stress on each word as he proceeded . will assist us . ” soon ? ” though monsieur mordaunt was a man not to be despised , mazarin is not less strong than he , and we shall not easily succeed in drowning him . as fast as they could toward the country house of the worthy functionary . no , ” replied the eye of the paralytic . ” d ’ artagnan	84.48979187011719
said to him , “ i am pleased to find one with whom to talk in my own poor tongue . after the queen ? ” me baron ? ” said danglars ; “ you know that i care nothing for my title . château-renaud remained alone . fellow , it is not at all incredible . to depend on for assistance ? ” she ? ” his habitual smile . must not trust to the face ; but in what , then , shall we place confidence , if not in the most beautiful work of the lord ? ” sought for , but he did not appear ; he was inquired after , but no one had seen him . <unk> ; will go night and	66.42363739013672
day . ” wished to learn all he possibly could concerning his host . on ! ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ let us keep that paper carefully , perhaps i have not thrown away my half-pistole . athos , “ sleep , or try to sleep , my friends , and i will watch . ” the boat made six or seven knots an hour , and they were rapidly reaching the end of their voyage . me . an active part in the return from the island of elba . literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state ’ s laws . go out by that door whenever you please ; for from this moment	92.07957458496094
you are free as the air . ” charles , ” said mordaunt , “ the bullet pierced his heart . ” raoul , “ especially in expression . ” ’ artagnan , “ i would give my chance of a captaincy in the mousquetaires for that to be my name . ” mazarin , “ the time has come to put to use your talents and your valor . ” round a peace ; this peace will require a negotiator ; that negotiator will be me . ’ artagnan said to himself , “ he wishes to make me speak out . hope valentine will escape ? ” , knowing what answer you would receive . ” yes ! ” exclaimed dantès ; “ and i tell	61.53713607788086
you that i will save you yet . ” de monte cristo is as good as money ; take it to rothschild ’ s or lafitte ’ s , and they will take it off your hands at once . ” your account and mine , 100,000 francs . accompanied by the chevalier de <unk> , bearing the candlestick , and then the queen returned to her own apartment . to speak of your friends also , athos , porthos , and aramis ? ” exclaimed barrois , “ a great misfortune has happened . my enemy i have sympathy for him , and if he is reasonable perhaps we shall arrange matters . ” and ascended to the sleeping chamber , which presented an appearance of the	51.49043273925781
wildest disorder . this proposal by shrugging his shoulders . thrown down as if there had been a struggle . lips and whispered to his sergeant : ’ standing could not have done more for us , or with a more perfect courtesy . ” ? ” asked blaisois sharply , “ is that their true drink ? ” ” replied monte cristo ; “ besides , has she not—— ” the count , traversed a long series of apartments , in which the <unk> characteristics were heavy magnificence and the <unk> of ostentatious wealth , until he reached the boudoir of madame <unk> small <unk> room , hung with pink satin , covered with white indian muslin . his repast when the sound of the bell rang	127.40203857421875
sharp and loud . to allow me to go to a possible death without having given me at least something more than hope ? ” say . ” pass lorient and brest without repeating her request to the captain , who , on his part , took care not to remind her of it . easier , dantès ’ pains appeared to increase in violence . i am sure of it , ” said the duke . retired by degrees as noiselessly as they had entered . among the musketeers and their allies , and they even began to deliberate whether they should not set fire to the hôtel to punish the insolence of m. de la trémouille ’ s domestics in daring to make a _sortie_ upon	116.79695892333984
the king ’ s musketeers . for mousqueton to come to him . of a treachery ? ” passing in the room which had been so carefully locked . . ” door to receive his guests . you that you have sufficiently repaid your debt , and that from this moment i will pray to god to forgive you , as i do . ” andrea , deeply affected . in the morning they perceived amiens , and at half past eleven they were at the door of the cursed inn . because you are overheard , ” coolly replied milady ; “ and you wish to interest your jailers and your <unk> against me . ” our god <unk> falsehood , he much more severely condemns suicide	68.61517333984375
. ” athos . , rushed into her mind . his sweetmeats , and drink his wine ; but , by jove ! cardinal received this letter the king put his customary question to him . had formerly been a naval officer and he gave me the command of this expedition . his château , and made her the first lady in the province ; and in justice it must be allowed that she supported her rank becomingly . ” to be agitated by the threats of lord de winter , she placed herself at the table and ate . bonacieux , having always lived among her husband ’ s <unk> little capable of <unk> any sentiment whatever in a young woman whose heart was above her <unk>	104.7762222290039
. the daughter of ali tepelini , pasha of yanina , and of vasiliki , his beloved wife . ’ in your head then ? ” asked aramis . to face with the vast plain that had never seemed so barren , and the sea that had never seemed so vast . there lived a <unk> powerful <unk> reigned over one of the greatest kingdoms of the universe ; and a minister ; and this minister wished much to injure the queen , whom once he had loved too well . captain , fight . ” cried the young queen , affecting surprise , “ you are giving me , then , two more : i shall have fourteen . ” affairs of gallantry ; and if he	95.55535888671875
has fostered his amours by promises of eternal constancy , he must likewise have <unk> the seeds of hatred by his eternal <unk> . ” an ancient gladiator , and muscular as a spartan , he walked for a quarter of an hour without knowing where to direct his steps , actuated by the sole idea of getting away from the spot where if he lingered he knew that he would surely be taken . he cried ; “ that is well . ” your promise ! ” interrupted monte cristo . but did not wish to appear so ; he was piqued at the tone which morcerf had just assumed . neither the direction nor the depth of it ; he only satisfied himself by milady ’	107.89767456054688
s pulse that the case was not serious . already there , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ and my advice is that we reach london before daybreak , even if we kill our horses . ” she , “ but i feel some emotion on seeing , for the first time , the man without whose intervention we should have been in tears and desolation . come to draw , but i don ’ t know how much ! ” aramis , after having had an entertainment at my house and enjoying themselves very much , created such a disturbance that the provost of the castle , a rigid man , has ordered them to be confined for some days ; but i accomplish the order	67.1711196899414
they have given me by <unk> to you a dozen bottles of my anjou wine , with which they are much pleased . that this woman should die thus ! ” the bastion was only occupied by a dozen corpses , french and rochellais . drink , he saw that his hair had become entirely white . ” continued caderousse , “ and capital offers , too ; but you know , you will be captain , and who could refuse you then ? ” ” circumstance , and suspecting that something was going on in france of which it was necessary he should be informed , he only took the time to inquire where the messenger was , and recognizing from afar the uniform of the guards	77.14008331298828
, he put his horse into a gallop , and rode straight up to d ’ artagnan . ” said she , “ i have scarcely seen you , and you already wish to deprive me of your company , upon which i had counted a little , i must confess , for the time i have to pass here ? ” and he made a step toward the queen ’ s apartment with that pale and mute indignation which , when it broke out , led this prince to the commission of the most pitiless cruelty . by the terrible confidence of athos ; yet many things appeared very obscure to him in this half revelation . to my father , though i am not the less	51.49567413330078
grateful for the honor you have done me . ” word . ” the parpaillot , then , for here the walls are like sheets of paper . ” speak , ” he said , softening his stern , <unk> tones , as if he were speaking to a woman . majesty , then , ” said athos , calmly and not replying to mazarin , “ to <unk> these arrests of messieurs d ’ artagnan and du vallon . ” will summon my servants to throw you out at the door . ” perceived , with a feeling of real joy , that the queen must have discovered the prison in which poor mme . terrible months with athos . , a man whom i loved ,	58.431236267089844
and who loved me—a heart like yours , felton , a man like you . not desert , ” said the king ; “ he can always be found , as tréville says . there would be no promotion ; and since you assure me that the <unk> ” the mayor . maximilian , “ an englishman , who represented himself as the confidential clerk of the house of thomson & french , at rome . method of that period , in which he who could not live at the expense of the enemy must live at the expense of his compatriots . however , ” answered the sailor ; “ there ’ s nothing in the wake of the ship ; besides , here ’ s the	53.089561462402344
end of the cable . ” mother ? ” cried the viscount , springing towards her . sound ceased , as if by magic . at your journey ’ s end . ” me. ” dantès waited , expecting a question , but in vain . <unk> ” peppino obeyed , and franz and the count were in utter darkness , except that fifty paces in advance of them a reddish glare , more evident since peppino had put out his torch , was visible along the wall . , ” cried the procurator ’ s wife , when she was assured that no one who was a stranger to the population of the locality could either see or hear her , “ ah , monsieur porthos ,	83.90267181396484
you are a great conqueror , as it appears ! ” fellow ! ” replied athos , “ wait awhile ; we have scarcely left him two hours <unk> does not know yet in what direction we came nor where we are . angoisse was a famous gag , in the form of a <unk> , which , being thrust into the mouth , by the aid of a spring , dilated , so as to <unk> the jaws to their greatest width . had <unk> and fed his horses , and then coming back under the window had repeated two or three times the signal agreed upon . 2,000 piastres , that the person receiving them shall obtain a respite till next year for peppino ; and	137.2820587158203
during that year , another skilfully placed 1,000 piastres will afford him the means of escaping from his prison . ” , <unk> ? ” she said , “ and why art thou not at notre dame ? ” here by heaven ! ” the vicomte de bragelonne to remain where he was . the good day ’ s work he had done , returned to the yard . ” said porthos , trying to give to his mustache a curl which it had lost whilst he had been alone . said morrel ; “ well , then , i appeal to m. d ’ avrigny himself . , in extreme difficulties , d ’ artagnan would become the preserver of his friends . be a crime .	71.74105834960938
by that , monsieur ? ” having both a sister and an adopted son , you have never spoken to me of either ? ” a powerful dose of brucine or of strychnine , which by some mistake , perhaps , has been given to her . ” , and to retire either into lorraine or belgium . favorable opportunity to repair his intrusion . d ’ artagnan , bounding toward him , “ who says that athos is afraid ? ” piece of glass in his hand , said : “ sharp . ” it was not for the emperor , it was against the bourbons ; for m. noirtier possessed this peculiarity , he never projected any <unk> schemes which could never be realized , but	105.17216491699219
strove for possibilities , and he applied to the realization of these possibilities the terrible theories of the mountain , <unk> that never shrank from any means that were deemed necessary to bring about the desired result . ” ? , ” replied monte cristo ; “ but when i visit a country i begin to study , by all the means which are available , the men from whom i may have anything to hope or to fear , till i know them as well as , perhaps better than , they know themselves . perceptible on madame de villefort ’ s countenance . me , i know you now . ” replied madame de villefort , somewhat uneasily , “ i remember now . ” ”	88.66542053222656
replied the landlord , “ you shall be served immediately ; but as for the <unk> ” active links to , or other immediate access to , the full project gutenberg™ license must appear prominently whenever any copy of a project gutenberg™ work ( any work on which the phrase “ project gutenberg ” appears , or with which the phrase “ project gutenberg ” is associated ) is accessed , displayed , performed , viewed , copied or distributed : so to do ; come , let us hear you . louis , “ he was well informed . her still , ” said kitty , who had not taken her eyes off the young man ’ s countenance for an instant . think ? ” .	77.08415222167969
” the high position in which she was placed , the more degrading is her fall . still ; the family had all retired to rest but villefort , who alone remained up , and worked till five o ’ clock in the morning , reviewing the last interrogatories made the night before by the examining magistrates , <unk> the <unk> of the witnesses , and putting the finishing stroke to the deed of accusation , which was one of the most energetic and best conceived of any he had yet delivered . our neighbor , wasilio , was at bastia , leaving no person in his house but his wife ; no human creature beside could hear or see anything that took place within our dwelling .	180.68814086914062
” took the book with the same appearance of repugnance which he had before manifested , and retired pensively . said monte cristo , coloring , “ allow me to take back that purse ? only let me know where to find you that i may not run needlessly about the neighborhood . ” time . buckingham <unk> not set <unk> for france . , were we beaten ? ” asked porthos . , you little coward ! , d ’ artagnan . ” the patron , “ let what may happen , it shall never be said that we deserted a good comrade like you . , then , with this dear child ? and fainted . his mark of authority , with which ali pasha generally	77.56329345703125
sealed his letters , and which the latter had given him , that he might , on his return at any hour of the day or night , gain access to the presence , even in the harem . , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ i have not the uniform , but i have the spirit . they went thither to fight themselves . ” rather that of my brother , would be mixed up with the affair , i will risk the scandal of a public trial to make myself certain of getting rid of you . ” ’ t you come there also ? ” turn the gem inside , you silly fellow ; for everybody must be aware that a cadet from gascony	78.44761657714844
does not find such stones in his mother ’ s jewel case . ” to your master directly it was made ? ” sure , ” cried porthos , “ there is a diamond . ? ” be killed on leaving this house , and did not warn me ! ” to the count , and entered the adjoining room . my impatience . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ here indeed are true believers ; it is a pleasure to work miracles before them ; they are not like that <unk> porthos , who must see and touch before he will believe . ” swiss to humiliate you , but i shall lodge here no longer . as he read . the duke , too much	57.40108108520508
astonished to believe it true . scoundrel ! . very true , mercédès , ” replied the young man , “ yes , you have been cruelly frank with me ; but do you forget that it is among the catalans a sacred law to <unk> ? ” them of their mistresses , but he was neither acquainted with porthos ’ s nor aramis ’ s , and as to athos , he had none . aware of that . ” said athos , “ what are your schemes ? ” step farther , d ’ artagnan , ” said he , “ we shall cross swords together . ” feet of cromwell , and in spite of the efforts of the puritan general , who did not	51.44422149658203
like this almost kingly homage , he took his hand and kissed it . franz d ’ épinay . left . ” has cruelly insulted me , ” said milady , in a hollow tone ; “ monsieur d ’ artagnan shall die ! ” the bracket with the writing of the certificate placed beneath morrel ’ s petition , and discovered that the note in the bracket was the same writing as the <unk> is to say , was in villefort ’ s handwriting . whispered to porthos , as they proceeded . ” cried danglars , “ we are not returning to rome ; then it is not justice which is pursuing me ! his passage open , sprang up the stairs and knocked softly in	66.55680084228516
a manner agreed upon between him and his lackey . a more submissive slave than myself ? milady , in a trembling voice , “ why do you not enter ? hand to him , and placing the other upon the knocker of a little door almost hidden in the wall . rue des fossoyeurs ; i will accompany you . ” fixing on her son a scrutinizing gaze , “ you speak strangely , ” said she to albert , “ and you appear to have some singular prejudices . ” they cried . the vessel was hurrying on with every sail set , and every sail full with the breeze . chair , made two turns round the chamber , and pressed his trembling hand against	75.40226745605469
his parched throat . ” grandfather with a smile of intense gratitude , and villefort was biting his lips with vexation , while madame de villefort could not succeed in repressing an inward feeling of joy , which , in spite of herself , appeared in her whole countenance . step was heard in the vestibule . ! lose 700,000 francs ; let him bear his share of the loss , and we will go on as before ; if not , let him become bankrupt for the 250,000 livres , and do as all bankrupts <unk> . rain and fine weather ; the travelers replied . abbé ? ” asked athos . the <unk> was formidable . it—what is going on here ? ” said he ,	93.49585723876953
in a jeering voice , on seeing the prisoner sitting up and felton about to go out . was obliged to sail in the morning in order to land his cargo on the frontiers of piedmont and france , between nice and <unk> , urged dantès to try and rise . who were to conduct milady to fort la pointe , and superintend her embarkation . denoted the cardinal ; and it was impossible for those who did not know his face to guess in whose presence they were . the lights , the two fugitives , looking and listening eagerly , with outstretched necks , opened the door of a dressing-room which led by a side staircase down to the yard , <unk> going first , and	122.01161193847656
holding with one arm the portmanteau , which by the opposite handle mademoiselle d ’ armilly scarcely raised with both hands . , sir , that <unk> exist , and that these marked and invisible beings mingle amongst us ? ” the englishman , “ this looks very much like a <unk> of payment . ” ” , doctor ? ” demanded villefort . father ! ” exclaimed andrea , evidently charmed with the idea of his speedy departure . famous <unk> took place in the south of france . into the river . general ? ” said mordaunt to d ’ artagnan and porthos ; “ you know he sent for you after the action . ” at three , and the clock of st. jean had	64.71422576904297
struck three quarters past two . observed m. noirtier at one of the open windows , where the old man had been placed that he might enjoy the last rays of the sun which yet yielded some heat , and was now shining upon the dying flowers and red leaves of the <unk> which twined around the balcony . , ” replied athos ; “ but no doubt i was <unk> ” and he returned d ’ artagnan the ring without , however , ceasing to look at it . by fair means ; and before we had time to draw our swords , two of our party were dead , and athos , grievously wounded , was very little better . fatal to me ; it was	98.7430648803711
on the thirteenth of july <unk> ” i go . ” she always did , when anything touched her pride . ” interrupted aramis , raising his voice , “ bishop juxon , the faithful knight of christ , obedient to your majesty ’ s wishes . ” wished to be convinced , nothing more ; but now that we have come to so clear an understanding , and that all distrust and suspicion are laid at rest , we may as well fix a sum as the probable <unk> of the first year , suppose we say six millions to—— ” them that i am going to make the comte de la fere a visit , that i may converse with him tete-a-tete , and that we	108.4227066040039
may not be disturbed at our interview you must conduct him , as i said before , to the pavilion of the orangery ; that , you know , is my daily <unk> . showing your <unk> ” the duke meant to say “ affection . ” not go , ” answered franz ; “ but in case i feel disposed , give me some particulars of today ’ s executions . ” ” replied the young lady quickly ; “ but this is the hour when we usually give m. noirtier the unwelcome meal that <unk> his <unk> existence . the shares of that company ; as you had foreseen , the shares trebled in value , and i picked up a million , from which 250,000	115.0238037109375
francs were paid to you for <unk> . . baseness , but at the same time with the assurance , of a man who speaks the truth , at least in part , if not <unk> for conscience ’ sake , but through fear . near , she became silent for fear of being heard , <unk> , with a gesture of infinite terror , her beautiful hand to felton ’ s mouth . ! bastille appeared before you , and that the gigantic medusa had converted you into stone . dessert , would have liked to hear the conversation ; but the citizen declared to d ’ artagnan that , what he had to say being important and confidential , he desired to be left alone with	114.2990951538086
him . plan was very simple . the king here detached the cross of the legion of honor which he usually wore over his blue coat , near the cross of st. louis , above the order of <unk> and st. <unk> , and gave it to villefort ) — “ in the meanwhile take this cross . ” towards me that you now ask at my hands ? the captain ’ s berth , a sort of temporary cabin of planks , for the chief apartment had been given up by captain rogers to the passengers , who were to be accommodated at the other end of the boat . a fit ? ” said the procureur . . rochefort had been the very soul of the	97.88250732421875
attack , the crowd who had followed and obeyed him took to flight on seeing him fall . ? ” asked aramis . time to time , kissed the crucifix a confessor held out to them . madame de saint-méran within his own , and conducted her to his apartment . ; the overflow of my brain would probably , in a state of freedom , have evaporated in a thousand follies ; misfortune is needed to bring to light the treasures of the human intellect . pale , and , seizing her son ’ s arm , drew him anxiously toward her ; but , once satisfied of his safety , she also cast a brief but expressive glance on the casket , which was not lost	109.139404296875
upon the count . steward , ” said he , “ that you have yet to learn that all things are to be sold to such as care to pay the price . ” no , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i was not in voice ; monsieur du vallon has a cold and did not cry either . it is truly , ” said the italian , looking on with astonishment . at your chateau at bragelonne , i made certain proposals to you which you perfectly understood ; instead of answering me as a friend , you played with me as a child ; the friendship , therefore , that you boast of was not broken yesterday by the shock of swords , but	71.62849426269531
by your dissimulation at your castle . ” participate in a prevalent error , ” said madame danglars . château-renaud , “ are only found in the <unk> . ” sir , always right , ” said anne of austria . door , awaiting the explanation of this strange occurrence . to the road of chaillot ; the day began to decline , carriages were passing and <unk> . his heart with fresh emotion ; his first and most indelible recollections were there ; not a tree , not a street , that he passed but seemed filled with dear and cherished memories . , therefore , was profoundly dull . and in two hours afterwards the new-comer lay at anchor beside the yacht . the queen was	121.47828674316406
with her <unk> ” he , “ here we are , at the last act of the tragedy . to that poison , you have endeavored to <unk> the effect of a similar poison ? ” noirtier ’ s joy continued . , sir , thank you , monsieur broussel , ” said friquet ; “ i am so fond of apricots ! ” had raised his mace , and signed to them to get out of the way ; the criminal strove to rise , but , ere he had time , the mace fell on his left temple . my tongue , but i will try to show that it is good for something . aramis . , walk along the banks of the river ,	62.34629440307617
and then brought him to teresa and luigi , who were waiting for him in the catacombs of st. sebastian . ” said d ’ artagnan , bowing , “ that you give it , my lord , without hesitation and with the conviction that i am worthy of it . ” leave first ; then , after half an hour , you can go away in your turn . ” most reasonable . name ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . the elder prisoner , “ the will of god be done ! ” and as the old man slowly pronounced those words , an air of profound resignation spread itself over his careworn countenance . lord wilmore , requesting an interview , which the latter had	55.62514114379883
fixed for ten o ’ clock . . is an original , who loves to look at the sky even at night . ” monsieur de beaufort was walking in the <unk> his fire was put out , his <unk> all removed , taken away ; and thus his means of drawing utterly destroyed . later he was with the marshal . a nubian to purchase a house , and a mute to furnish it ? —he will do everything wrong . ” albert , “ you became the property of this man ? ” artagnan like a thunderbolt . were not aware of the circumstances attending his withdrawal from paris , were struck with the worthy appearance , the gentlemanly bearing , and the knowledge of the	90.95101928710938
world displayed by the old <unk> , who certainly played the nobleman very well , so long as he said nothing , and made no arithmetical calculations . do when you arrived at this conclusion ? ” thank you for it . words in such a low tone , that nothing but morrel ’ s intense interest in what she was saying could have enabled him to hear them . young friend , has not been of sufficient length to admit of your having passed through any very important events . ” should like to see these <unk> of your industry and patience . ” replied de comminges , smiling ; “ so near that if the windows which look on the orangery were not stopped up you	112.6172866821289
could see him from where you are . ” cromwell ; “ you have done , since i knew you , not only your duty , but more than your duty ; you have been a faithful friend , a cautious negotiator , a brave soldier . ” , would you not see the <unk> ? , with her hair in disorder , she appeared like a horrid image of terror . his master , as the nubian entered the chamber , “ you have frequently explained to me how more than commonly skilful you are in throwing the lasso , have you not ? ” and aramis began to cut up fowls , partridges and <unk> with admirable skill . , ” replied the executioner . d	74.63080596923828
’ artagnan , getting into his saddle . red simar which occupied the wonted place was his no longer , was still more strikingly obvious from the isolation which seemed , as we have observed , more appropriate to a phantom than a living <unk> the corridors deserted by courtiers , and courts crowded with <unk> that spirit of bitter ridicule , which , arising from the streets below , penetrated through the very <unk> of the room , which resounded with the murmurs of a whole city leagued against the minister ; as well as from the distant and incessant sounds of guns <unk> off , happily , without other end or aim , except to show to the guards , the swiss troops and the military	208.88253784179688
who surrounded the palais royal , that the people were possessed of arms . body through the aperture , but not being like the frog in the fable , who thought he was larger than he really was , he found he must take out three or four more before he could get through . fixed on the same spot . . must confess , that these tales , were inventions of the middle ages . ” be confessed , fernand had never been <unk> was only not precisely loved . he had amassed 250,000 francs ; six years sufficed to achieve this object . door , if you please , and request him to be so kind as to give me an audience . ” be a	99.27191925048828
cavalier ? ” said porthos . table , but it was more to examine the admirable emerald than to see the pills that it passed from hand to hand . andrea , a little overcome , by the solemnity of bertuccio ’ s manner , “ why not ? ” you had fired off your thirty thousand guns they would take the donjon ; the donjon being taken , i should be obliged to let them hang you—at which i should be most unhappy , certainly . ” will pay you . ” valentine , “ barrois ! ” moment has come for me to re-enter the bosom of the church . ” in tears and fainting ; i could not bear to see her suffer . everything	95.6085433959961
for him . for instance ; what does he expect to have at the end of his devotion ? ” de winter . ” d ’ artagnan , “ or you are dead ! ” it will afford me the pleasure of seeing you. ” they shook hands . was the cry . everything is decided , ” cried porthos , rubbing his hands , “ suppose we think of dinner ! ” he replied . , and mousqueton presented themselves , and received clear , positive , and serious orders from athos . of addressing the abbé busoni ? ” asked the visitor . said valentine , — “ no , i tell you it is all past , and it was nothing . i would place	53.59097671508789
my arm under yours and go with you to marseilles , leaving the house to return to it no more . ” the latter . , and had sixteen <unk> . he , filling the glasses , “ let us drink to captain edmond dantès , husband of the beautiful catalane ! ” at piombino , and i presume that , like milan and florence , piombino has become the capital of some french department . ” door , and asked whether there were any rooms to be let . me , sir ? ” said andrea . you back to your mass book , master abbé . mordaunt ; we have both myself and monsieur du vallon , taken two knights of the garter , nothing less	109.3514175415039
. ” was some gossip who wanted news from the capital . ; she felt herself strongly infected with the sadness which seemed to <unk> her own , and still guided by the valet de chambre , who never lost sight of her for an instant , she was introduced to the magistrate ’ s study . <unk> in their horses ’ <unk> , who thus vigorously stimulated recovered their energies . , ” he continued , “ that the count de rochefort spoke of me to the cardinal ? ” , who you said had 30,000 livres , and we only found <unk> . ” , who , with blaisois , mousqueton and grimaud , promptly joined them , leaving parry behind them , who was to	83.757568359375
take back to london the horses of the gentlemen and of their lackeys , which had been sold to the host in settlement of their account with him . a <unk> from his pocket began to <unk> a few prayers while the clerk disappeared through the same door by which danglars and the attendant had gone out . , thinks he is going to do the same . ” days before us , ” said he to his friends , “ well , if at the end of a fortnight i have found nothing , or rather if nothing has come to find me , as i , too good a catholic to kill myself with a pistol bullet , i will seek a good quarrel with four	69.25325012207031
of his eminence ’ s guards or with eight englishmen , and i will fight until one of them has killed me , which , considering the number , can not fail to happen . , and very impatiently , i acknowledge . ” ’ s private treasury , ” answered d ’ artagnan , who , reckoning upon entering into the king ’ s service in consequence of this recommendation , believed he could make this somewhat hazardous reply without telling of a falsehood . one remedy , dear <unk> is , to marry her as a <unk> ” remarked d ’ artagnan . a great man , as he was , but to compensate for that , i shall be a good man , monsieur de	74.89368438720703
rochefort , and i hope to prove it to you . ” two culprits . ” in this house ? ” , and really recognized his dungeon . sir , i have ten ; nor is it to the camp i wish to go . ” see , ” said the doctor ; “ what you tell me seems very <unk> ” the notary here descended , and valentine was informed that her grandmother was alone . , what i foresaw has come to pass . ” reflection passing in a mind that entertained none but noble thoughts , this feeling was expressed in his eyes . raoul , “ the louvre is but the second palace this news has reached ; it is as yet unknown to	72.70095825195312
all , and i had sworn to the count de guiche to remit this letter to your majesty before even i should embrace my guardian . ” ” said he to albert , “ if you are come to quarrel with this gentleman because i have preferred him to you , i shall resign the case to the king ’ s attorney . ” phrase , <unk> <unk> . not say that you will save a king ; no , in presence of the scaffold as i am , royalty , i assure you , is a very small affair ; but you will save a husband to his wife , a father to his children . to bed , and half an hour after julie had retired	50.88398742675781
, she rose , took off her shoes , and went stealthily along the passage , to see through the keyhole what her husband was doing . undergone such , monsieur athos , and have replied <unk> . ” valentine . my dear father is ! ” always finds admirers , go where he will . put the pistols in the holsters . enough—he has done nothing the whole of this blessed day ! escape . ” ; that ’ s my advice . ” the men who pick up balls . ” ! ” cried milady , forgetting her usual presence of mind . have they ? ” cried bonacieux , “ follow you at this hour ! round . , i think that the baroness did	93.44496154785156
not dream the whole of the don carlos matter . added the queen , her voice broken by her emotion , “ have you any other question to ask me ? ” ” replied the young man ; “ i will remain with monsieur le comte . ” our breakfast comes from my father ’ s kitchen . said andrea ; “ i will let you know a week beforehand . ” that , i could only know what i was told respecting the <unk> with which the vessel was laden . by my soul ’ s salvation , my faith as a christian , i have told everything to you as it occurred , and as the <unk> angel will tell it to the ear of god	57.065513610839844
at the day of the last judgment ! ” ” ” , though occasionally he appeared a little before or after his time , but generally , both in summer and winter , he took possession of his apartment about four o ’ clock , though he never spent the night there . of gondy ’ s study was opened a man rushed in . ? ” cried athos , whose vision was still rather obscured by the uncertain shades and <unk> of daybreak . . ” brave , as we know , he was terrified at that wild countenance , those terribly dilated pupils , those pale cheeks , and those bleeding lips . the via <unk> <unk> ; the coachman , without saying a word ,	117.11031341552734
drove up it , passed along the piazza di spagna and the rospoli palace and stopped at the door of the hotel . , madame , but m. de villefort has so many important and urgent occupations . ” , ” said athos ; “ put your other hand here. ” and he offered him his shoulder as another stay and support , so that his head almost touched that of mordaunt ; and these two mortal enemies were in as close an embrace as if they had been brothers . clock in the afternoon . mind ; and yet we become accustomed to them , her voice is so beautiful . ” , your goodness and your courage incline me toward you ; my gratitude is already	99.88982391357422
due . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and i should not mind waiting in london a whole year for a chance of meeting this mordaunt in question . sound of that voice ; she reopened her eyes , cast a quick glance upon the man who had terrified her so , and at once perceiving it was d ’ artagnan , she uttered a cry of joy , “ oh , it is you , it is you ! limits she had traced beforehand with her irresistible spirit and her iron will . have prolonged this conversation far into the night , but athos pointed out to him that his guest must need repose . references to project gutenberg : athos , <unk> ; “	86.0621337890625
royal honors to one whom they have murdered ! ” ? ” exclaimed the commissary . press his hand , and comprehended that this was a sentiment , not of coquetry , but of gratitude because of his departure . emotion was expressed on the beautiful countenance and calm features of athos . don ’ t be angry , my boy ; you know well enough what it is to be unfortunate ; and misfortunes make us jealous . the best houses in europe , ” said danglars , carelessly throwing down the receipt on his desk . , my lord , ” said la ramee , “ for i directed him to come . ” the dress of yonder chap . my friend , ” interrupted the	75.53059387207031
marquise , “ do not neglect your duty to <unk> with us . wont to complete ourselves each by all the rest and to depend on one another for assistance , as one calls his other hand to aid the first , i looked around instinctively to see if porthos was there ; for i had seen you , aramis , with the king , and you , count , i knew would be under the scaffold , and for that reason i forgive you , ” he added , offering athos his hand , “ for you must have suffered much . subject , gentlemen , ” said porthos ; “ thank god the queen is still of an age to give one ! ” artagnan believed	77.83330535888672
that he might be tranquil , as one of his two enemies was killed and the other devoted to his interests . ” don ’ t care to leave you the means of <unk> your jailers . ; there was nothing but <unk> , high and low ; the <unk> were gilt , the <unk> were gilt , the legs and arms of the chairs were gilt . sincerity to show you , if you wish , monsieur d ’ herblay ; i acted in a similar way to you and you also deceived me . ” you scoundrel ! ” said athos , rising upon his elbow , and <unk> grimaud with his flaming look . the presence of their pupils they fear that some of their	66.54902648925781
<unk> or <unk> may turn out badly cooked . ” ” cried planchet , “ so you are back again in paris . first repaid , my son , and respect this man . ” delicate , pensive , shaded by beautiful dark hair , and eyes soft as velvet , like those lovely flowers , the <unk> , in which shine out the golden <unk> . to carry on the siege , without having , at least at the present , anything to fear on the part of the english . . his return , sent the twelve bottles of wine to the refreshment room of the guards , with strict orders that great care should be taken of it ; and then , on the day	72.35094451904297
appointed , as the dinner was fixed for midday d ’ artagnan sent planchet at nine in the morning to assist in preparing everything for the entertainment . albert , blushing . overcome . paris . and thoughtful . ” held a book in his hand . them , ” said athos , half aloud , “ and we are but three ; we shall be beaten again , and must die on the spot , for , on my part , i declare i will never appear again before the captain as a conquered man . ” to pay m. cavalcanti the five hundred thousand francs you promise for my dowry ? ” reflect ? ” by no means a light load ! ” said the other	66.67684173583984
bearer , sitting on the edge of the <unk> . as death and trembling in all her limbs , wished to delay her lover ; but milady , with her ear on the watch , had heard the noise d ’ artagnan had made , and opening the door , said , “ come in . ” ” d ’ artagnan , “ should this man attempt to fly or to call out , pass your sword through his body . ” ‘ fie ! being as enthusiastic and confident as the old man . as you know . , too much wit . ” height , pierre , ” said he . opening the door of the drawing-room , saw haydée , who had fallen on a	54.409141540527344
chair , with her arms hanging down and her beautiful head thrown back . story , during which the count ’ s heart had swelled within him , when emmanuel entered wearing a hat and coat . a prisoner because , under the arbor of la réserve , the day before i was to marry you , a man named danglars wrote this letter , which the fisherman fernand himself posted . ” the prince ’ s return , some citizens , <unk> than the rest , such as the <unk> , captains and the <unk> , went from house to house among their friends , saying : ; by daybreak we shall have reached our retreat , and nobody can guess where we are . am guilty	114.2709732055664
; but what name can you give it , what name will the lord give it , if i am innocent ? ” fall into my hands again , ” he reflected , “ i would turn it at once into money ; i would buy with the proceeds certain lands around my father ’ s chateau , which is a pretty place , well enough , but with no land to it at all , except a garden about the size of the cemetery des innocents ; and i should wait in all my glory till some rich heiress , attracted by my good looks , rode along to marry me . a great effort stumbled a few steps , then fell at the feet of noirtier	143.18678283691406
, and resting his hand on the knee of the invalid , exclaimed : they should sin no more , ” said beauchamp , laughing . saying to you in reply , my good guitant ? ” word , then ? ” haydée heiress of the rest of my fortune , consisting of lands , funds in england , austria , and holland , furniture in my different palaces and houses , and which without the twenty millions and the <unk> to my servants , may still amount to sixty millions . ” she had revived , but could scarcely move or speak , so shaken was her frame by the attack . he , raising himself on his elbow , “ is it you , comte de	99.53863525390625
la fere ? ” to choose your career , ” observed the count of morcerf , with a sigh ; “ and you have chosen the path strewed with flowers . ” getting on ? ” asked albert in the most sprightly tone . ? ” . charge me to purchase this house . deign to receive him ? ” maintain the contrary , ” said d ’ artagnan . , looked at the four gentlemen and drank with a smile full of nobility and gratitude . he , “ we have been here an hour , and our wager is won ; but we will be fair players . path is traced by tears . ” hand to his sword , motioning to porthos to follow his	51.7393913269043
example . —then you will not leave me , albert ? ” to his interests . ” someone to whom i can denounce the wretch ! ” be too much ! ” cried mme . he cared not to inquire . d ’ artagnan , smiling at the misanthropy of athos , which from any other person would have offended him , “ i ride what i can get ; i am not so proud as you . a jacobin more than anything else , ” said villefort , carried by his emotion beyond the bounds of prudence ; “ and the senator ’ s robe , which napoleon cast on his shoulders , only served to disguise the old man without in any degree changing him .	80.15055847167969
, yes , ” replied m. de boville , “ but not for the survivor ; on the contrary , this dantès saw a means of <unk> his escape . eyes . to acknowledge you as my judges , and i only acknowledge you as my <unk> ” and in the middle of a deathlike silence , charles , calm , lofty , and with his head still covered , sat down again in his arm-chair . de saint-méran had already been panting for breath some minutes ; she then had a fit , which i took to be simply a nervous attack , and it was only when i saw her raise herself in the bed , and her limbs and neck appear stiffened , that i	81.36780548095703
became really alarmed . , and the foliage in the garden assumed a deeper hue . the loss of my house , ’ tis a long time since i visited my castles . ” to take revenge for the game of tennis yesterday ? ” , though there did not appear to be sufficient wind to ruffle the curls on the head of a young girl . to come . ” much , far too much , ” murmured villefort . easy on that head , ” replied aramis . pretended message from anne of austria , upon the faith of which he had come to paris , was a snare ; but instead of regaining england , he had , <unk> the position in which he had	74.22848510742188
been placed , declared to the queen that he would not depart without seeing her . , ” he said ; “ but as they are necessarily submitted to the process of <unk> function which it is frequently impossible for a fainting person to <unk> prefer my own specific . ” have been <unk> ? ” , ” he said , “ and madeleine tolerably so . to it and made his preparations to depart . discerned a small vessel under full sail approaching monte cristo . haste , took out the horse that he had ridden on the previous evening , saddled and bridled it himself and led the animal into the alley to the right of the kitchen-garden , opened a side door which conducted him	105.52344512939453
to a bridle road , shut it after him , and d ’ artagnan saw him pass by like a dart , bending , as he went , beneath the <unk> flowery branches of <unk> and <unk> . priest ! ” cried the executioner . there . , then , in the meantime ? ” , clogged dantès ’ efforts . . see the honorable wounds he has received , observe how his habitual valor has given dignity to his countenance . ” leave the room . the banker , “ things are constantly occurring in the world to induce us to lay aside our most established opinions , or at all events to cause us to <unk> them according to the change of circumstances , which may	102.3895034790039
have placed affairs in a totally different light to that in which we at first viewed them . ” to remove the object ; it was a fan which madame de villefort had left in the carriage ; this fan awakened a recollection which darted through his mind like lightning . the four friends , who had finished their modest repast , separated , with the promise of meeting again that evening . exclaimed mazarin . to instruct them . crushed it , and i die . ” ! ” said m. de tréville ; “ and how the devil did you escape ? ” the stranger followed him . you ? ” it . ” air will suit us much better just now than the air of	81.28326416015625
paris . the sound of that voice he turned pale , and was , as it were , petrified . , ” said aramis . a frown ; and when he had finished , said , “ trifles , only trifles ! ” that was his favorite word . put off immediately , and <unk> the château d ’ if , got on board the vessel between cape morgiou and rion island . permission to shoot over this island . ” of a large room , in which an old stove had just been replaced by a large and excellent chimney . opinion that i asked , ” said the queen , sharply , without even turning around . four men , armed to the teeth , entered	85.65763854980469
by side doors , and rushed upon athos . over you , if knowing your secret i were to tell you mine ? ” the table , saw the glittering of a knife , rushed toward it and clutched it ; but her disappointment was cruel . d ’ artagnan , at last . relating her crimes to you ? you find me so ignorant a _cicerone_ , ” replied morcerf , “ but i am reluctantly obliged to confess , i have nothing further to <unk> , stay , i do know one thing more , namely , that she is a musician , for one day when i chanced to be breakfasting with the count , i heard the sound of a <unk> is impossible that	91.6260757446289
it could have been touched by any other finger than her own . ” a glance , that this woman was young and beautiful ; and her style of beauty struck him more forcibly from its being totally different from that of the southern countries in which d ’ artagnan had hitherto resided . he , which meant , ‘ do you see him ? ’ ‘ parbleu ! ’ i answered , and we perfectly understood one another . have just been <unk> louis for a horse which by the manner of his gait can do at least five leagues an hour . ” d ’ artagnan ? ” you see here ? ” brought the letter ? ” the preceding evening , but he had not	79.6412353515625
thought of hunger , nor did he think of it now . <unk> kourchid , who had been sent by the sultan to gain possession of the person of my father ; it was then that ali <unk> having sent to the sultan a french officer in whom he reposed great <unk> to retire to the asylum which he had long before prepared for himself , and which he called <unk> , or the refuge . ” are in the service of cromwell ; you hate the king . ” said the commissary , looking at the accused as if his little eyes had the faculty of reading to the very depths of hearts , “ you have a wife ? ” your bandage . ” been sent	81.24874114990234
by my protector . ” square epistle , resplendent with the terrible arms of his eminence the cardinal duke . of a lamp , similar to that which lighted the columbarium , albert was to be seen wrapped up in a cloak which one of the bandits had lent him , lying in a corner in profound slumber . a humble foreigner , you must pardon me if i do not understand all the subtle <unk> of your language . ” entered the château d ’ if ; he was <unk> when he escaped . ” he said , “ or , rather , look upon me ; look at my face , paler even than usual , and my eyes , red with <unk> four days i	83.47384643554688
have not closed them , for i have been constantly watching you , to protect and preserve you for maximilian . ” houses closed ; every one wished to see the young king with his mother , and the famous cardinal mazarin whom they hated so much that no one wished to be deprived of his presence . had been particularly ill-tempered . front seat , lay two <unk> of <unk> in front of porthos and the other of d ’ artagnan . insupportable to her that at the risk of whatever terrible consequences might result to herself from it , she implored the captain to put her on shore ; but the captain , eager to escape from his false <unk> between french and english cruisers ,	136.10568237304688
like the <unk> between the <unk> and the <unk> in great haste to regain england , and positively refused to obey what he took for a woman ’ s caprice , promising his passenger , who had been particularly recommended to him by the cardinal , to land her , if the sea and the french permitted him , at one of the ports of brittany , either at lorient or brest . spoke of them because porthos talked of them himself , because he had paraded all these fine things before me . words by the gift of two gold pieces , which produced a torrent of thanks and blessings from the concierge . looked upon athos as an achilles , porthos as an ajax , and	149.48399353027344
aramis as a joseph . , come in , ” called d ’ artagnan ; “ you are here in my apartment , and we are all faithful servants of the king and cardinal . ” but i believe that raoul will be as accomplished a gentleman as our degenerate age could display . ” although past the first bloom of youth , was still strikingly handsome ) was now seated at the piano , a most elaborate piece of cabinet and inlaid work , while lucien debray , standing before a small <unk> , was turning over the pages of an album . interpreted , owing to the fog , was the cause of this error . ” even he himself did not believe . , sir	110.79716491699219
. ” me of those by whom i am surrounded , monsieur d ’ artagnan , is doubtless true , ” said the queen , “ but i have confidence in you alone . of monte <unk> . ” , my dear , my glass is there on the <unk> it to me , valentine. ” valentine poured the <unk> into a glass and gave it to her grandmother with a certain degree of dread , for it was the same glass she fancied that had been touched by the spectre . letter from your friend , which states that my father is in paris , and <unk> me to address myself to you for information respecting him . ” ! ” cristo . ” a tremble ,	50.75740432739258
supported herself upon her chair to avoid falling . porthos , “ here ! ” to dispose of all ? ” aramis , “ as the ladies did not see the <unk> come back , and as he was found in the rue payenne with a great sword wound through his body , it was supposed that i had accommodated him thus ; and the matter created some scandal which obliged me to renounce the cassock for a time . , wooden ladder was placed against the window . busoni . ” what guards you find here , and pursue him . ” , ” said the officer , “ and requests to speak with your eminence instantly . ” as credit <unk> , the body becomes a	77.90946197509766
corpse , and this is what must happen very soon to the banker who is proud to own so good a <unk> as you for his daughter . ” said he , ‘ demand thy child of carlini ; he will tell thee what has become of her ; ’ and he returned to his companions . with an accent that left no doubt of his sincerity ; dantès rose , dispersed the fragments with the same precaution as before , and pushed his bed back against the wall . play my game <unk> , fairly , and above board , as i always do . . ” replied the count , continuing the conversation , and looking by turns at madame de villefort and valentine , “	89.000732421875
have i not already had the honor of meeting yourself and mademoiselle before ? consequence to me at the end of the matter whether you have any angry feeling or not against dantès . , are you aware that it is simply civil war you are proposing to me ? ” so picturesque with their long and flowing robes , but are they not now hideous with their blue <unk> buttoned up to the chin , and their red caps , which make them look like a bottle of wine with a red seal ? at the door , immediately entered . balsam for <unk> balsam given to me by my mother and of which i have made a trial upon myself . ” porthos , looking around	117.35617065429688
. ” said monte cristo . i am aware of them now ; monsieur cardinal has enlightened me on that head . ” her , my principal object is to ascertain what part she plays at court . ” sir . ” ; examine the <unk> , milan , venice , trieste , <unk> , yanina . ! began digging and enlarging the hole ; still i found nothing , <unk> chest was no longer there ! ” here is the court ; let us go back to our places . ” friends leaped from their horses and entered . for me and took me to the bastile . approached , and said , — , whom he had treated so ill , was one of the tools	93.24510955810547
of his eminence ; and d ’ artagnan knew that while his eminence was terrible to his enemies , he was strongly attached to his friends . you mean , ” said franz , laughingly . ; he is traveling on business and will return ere long . them pass . her hand and her arm was supported by a cushion . athos , “ magnificent . we have nothing to fear if we land ? ” the count of monte cristo ? ” ; the captivity of mazarin alone guarantees my life ; if you let him go i am a dead man . ” the letter being given up to him , i would have presented the letter to him with one hand , and with	54.67000198364258
the other i would have run my sword through his body . ” and it was he who taught me to lay a snare and ground a line . said the colonel of the english regiment , approaching the king , who had just put on the insignia of royalty , “ do you yield yourself a prisoner ? ” fact , at daybreak , the court made preparations to quit saint germain . count , “ i am very glad to tell you , that while you <unk> , you wring your hands and roll your eyes like a man possessed by a devil who will not leave him ; and i have always observed , that the devil most obstinate to be expelled is a secret	76.7967758178711
. had reached the first of the two islands , which was , in fact , tiboulen . be at the head of the army on mazarin ’ s side . ” monte cristo , “ i trust he is not going to tempt me by some fresh insult ! ” tranquillity in paris itself . it is the axe , not the man , we must thank . ” ; i think i have seen him three times in my life ; all i know relating to him is through busoni and himself . was like a dream , but it was not the less frightful . said caderousse , drawing still nearer . now the delight of speed , ” said morcerf , and the last	68.66626739501953
cloud disappeared from his brow ; “ but where the devil do you get such horses ? the time , and the adventure appeared to me to be cruel for the king . ” informed of your wish ? ” said porthos . again if you are back within six days , and have executed your commission well . ” villefort , attracted by the noise , appeared on the threshold . you say to that ? ” . ” , exiled , proscribed , provided he still lives . of each sort ? ” asked danglars . at cours la reine . ” years of age , dressed in one of the green <unk> , ornamented with black <unk> , which have so long maintained their <unk>	60.7533073425293
all over europe . her beautiful teeth . porthos , “ i am a widower and have forty thousand francs a year . under the third . anything to you by word of mouth ? ” , but before he could reach it the shadow had disappeared into an alley , into which grimaud deemed it scarcely prudent to pursue it . my lord ! the answer , but finished with a groan . it will not take long . ” time his master would not retract . said the king , “ that it is useless for you to resist . placing his hand upon his hip . replied the gascon , “ but i always run away from compliments . very desirous of a visit from	59.08418273925781
the commissary of police , for , in italy , justice is only paid when <unk> france she is paid only when she speaks . him of me ? ” this momentary pantomime was to pass from the rear guard to the vanguard . athos , when he had closed the letter . to <unk> , in case your prosperity should cease . door was opened . carpet , when the count sprang forward and raised her . and there is nothing i would not do to prove to monsieur that i am attached to him . ” , i pray you . ” said , despite the cries of his conscience and the wise counsels of athos , d ’ artagnan became hourly more in love with	78.5835952758789
milady . poor fellow told you the truth . ” and found his horse ready waiting for him . slowly uttered these words : “ she is still alive ! ” but thinking the opportunity a good one , he begged him to have the diamond he put into his hand valued , as he wished to turn it into money . 100,000 francs . my dear fellow ; you must change your clothes , as <unk> said to <unk> . felt more composed ; he looked well around him to see if olivain and the host might not be watching him , whilst he impressed a kiss upon the paper , a mute and touching caress , which the heart of athos might well divine on opening	90.91580963134766
the letter . the originator of the project gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone . she . are a <unk> miserable woman , stupid and brutal . a little rosewood box which he held under his arm ? mercédès ! ” by accompanying my son so far , since i now abandon him , and allow him to depart alone to the <unk> climate of africa ? ; i must tell you that the confectioner who lived opposite the <unk> marteau , as they called him—— ” d ’ artagnan , “ your eminence must expect the consequences of a refusal . ” monsieur de beaufort ? ” all that not even a scratch ! truth , i consider	76.52079772949219
it lost . ” boy , when a man has been proscribed by the mountaineers , has escaped from paris in a <unk> , been hunted over the plains of bordeaux by robespierre ’ s bloodhounds , he becomes accustomed to most things . ” said the young man , “ yes ; ” and once again embracing his father with convulsive pressure , he said , “ be it so , my father . ” : young man was alarmed by the appearance of every new face , for every new face might be that of a new creditor , come in anxiety to question the head of the house . ! , sir ? ” asked villefort , trembling at the new idea inspired by the	78.29991912841797
delirium of morrel . that this night a man will enter his house in the champs-élysées with the intention of carrying off some papers supposed to be in the secretaire in the dressing-room . house ? ” the eyes of noirtier seemed as though they would start from their sockets . him , raoul quickly understood that the two friends wished to be alone and he therefore left the room <unk> . out of doors , and you know she is not the woman to limit her vengeance . ” of the <unk> ” know that it was inhabited by a young man ? ” sailor find room in his pocket for a portfolio large enough to contain an official letter ? ” just remark , ” replied	89.07376098632812
the stranger , “ i ever heard made concerning myself . ” doing here ? ” replied d ’ artagnan . centre of the place , but as at this very moment the moon had just emerged from behind a cloud , they thought they might be observed if they remained on that spot and therefore regained the shade of the lime-trees . have them ? ” said d ’ artagnan . danglars , “ you appear to me a good sort of fellow , and hang me , i should like to help you , but—— ” , ” replied the servant , “ m . cardinal ? my heart , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you would there read so much curiosity that you	42.34439468383789
would pity me and so much love that you would instantly satisfy my curiosity . are named in that letter shall be punished as they deserve , even the queen herself . ” the queen , “ it is time for his majesty to go to bed . ” ; but that is not <unk> is a codicil , as i said just now . ” ” , do you see , there is the anteroom and the drawing-room ; to the right of the drawing-room , a library and a study ; to the left , a bedroom and a dressing-room . than you think , perhaps . soldier like you , and ordered to carry a certain <unk> , and you knew i must be killed	53.55012893676758
in the assault , would you not say to me , as you said just now , ‘ go , father ; for you are dishonored by delay , and death is <unk> to shame ! ’ ” will excuse the two or three seconds i am behindhand ; five hundred leagues are not to be accomplished without some trouble , and especially in france , where , it seems , it is forbidden to beat the postilions . ” . the neighborhood ? i sold them to visitors , who considered them great curiosities ; but i have still something left . ” , you kept him waiting a long time at boulogne . ” heaven fall upon monsieur ! the two men communicated with one another	105.583740234375
; how long they did so , nobody knows . , ‘ have you not , madame , put aside some of the surest , <unk> , most speedy poison ? ’ ” in the evening athos ordered the horses to be saddled , and lord de winter and his friends notified that they must prepare for the expedition . fellow , ” said d ’ artagnan . invalid , ” answered scarron . young , m. andrea , to think of marrying ? ” she gave it me last night . reason i am delighted to see you , ” continued the abbé , “ although you have disturbed me in a most important calculation , which , if it succeeded , would possibly change <unk> ’	81.47484588623047
s system . . ” his saddle-bags and sheathed his sword . ” repeated villefort , as he approached his <unk> “ yes , that woman must live ; she must repent , and <unk> my son , the sole survivor , with the exception of the indestructible old man , of the <unk> of my house . a tree , and the scotchman having nowhere to hide himself , threw himself on his face in the road . before we sit down , i must demand your answer . ” ” said andrea , “ everything is all right , excepting your refusal , which quite grieves me . ” come from ? ” , led by his favorite ; yesterday it was <unk> , to-day it	71.5760498046875
is la riviere , to-morrow it will be some one else . morning , and bade her adieu . ” he hurried upstairs again , and once more i heard his rapid and uneasy footsteps . madame de villefort ; “ then this house belonged to m. de saint-méran before you bought it ? ” sword wound of his companion by a _sortie_ which he improvised . ; i will confess all to her , —i will tell her daily that i also have committed a crime ! —oh , what an <unk> tiger and the serpent ; worthy wife of such as i am ! . in silence . arm , yet he strikes without remorse . ” that ? ” instance , was marvellously served by	138.06668090820312
his conscience after the putting away of the two children of edward iv . he was somewhat to blame in all that business and we may console ourselves with the reflection that france has no cause of reproach in the matter and did all she could to serve him . ” the warning , ” said the count ; “ i shall endeavor to be prepared for all <unk> . ” , “ the devil ! ” said he , “ this has a bad look . sunday clothes , under the pretext of having a swollen face which he had managed to <unk> by introducing a handful of cherry <unk> into one side of his mouth , and had procured a whole holiday from bazin . athos	87.27098083496094
, still on the breach , “ another musket ! ” with questions respecting the count ; she insists upon it that i can tell her his birth , education , and <unk> , where he came from , and whither he is going . that i may not lose a drop of the fat of this estimable bird . ” , and one which made d ’ artagnan tremble from the sole of his foot to the roots of his hair , to find that this soft light , this calm lamp , enlightened a scene of fearful disorder . there gave it to him . ” , and your conscience will be at rest . ” , and his apartments at rome were not yet available	102.83990478515625
, he accepted the proposition . , mamma , don ’ t you remember ? ” interposed edward , “ and i pulled three such beautiful feathers out of his tail . ” i myself came to paris with four crowns in my purse , and would have fought with anyone who dared to tell me i was not in a condition to purchase the louvre . ” ordinary man . seated himself on the port side and was ready to row . have looked upon this resolution as a vague project , but today you see it was a reality , and you must submit to it under penalty of breaking your word . ” to awaken my regret . ” him ! marseilles ; he is	112.91162109375
now at <unk> . ” any ? ” man , ” he said , and fell from his horse to the ground . strong emotion ; and despite the rouge with which her face was covered evidently turned <unk> ” no longer , for i fear i shall be wanting in strength at the moment when i shall be forced to undergo the struggle , and confess my faith . <unk> the mark , and he added quickly , — “ no one ; but in order to have known everything so well , you must have been an <unk> . ” comprehend the silence of the comte de wardes , and she ordered kitty to come at nine o ’ clock in the morning to take a	51.33843231201172
third letter . cried andrea , who seemed roused from the torpor in which he had been plunged . to tell all . was struck by the appearance of this new personage . as you do all the time ; nothing <unk> the intellect like sleep . ” i will follow you . ” , ” thought d ’ artagnan ; “ he will spare me the _ennui_ of the bastille , or the <unk> of a trial . mercédès . the carriage . me all about it , for it must be interesting . ” see me again ? ” . , ” said barrois , staggering as if he would fall . not like d ’ artagnan ’ s with a young and impatient love .	44.55744171142578
, i tell you the simple truth . ” fere ! ” she cried . pardon , but this is quite a french demand ; for the next week you will not find a single tailor who would consent to sew six buttons on a waistcoat if you paid him a crown a piece for each button . ” him , count . ” a minute search <unk> upon the persons arrested , were almost always framed thus : “ has madame bonacieux sent anything to you for her husband , or any other person ? not so scarce as i thought . ” at least , ” said madame de villefort . then— ’ twas so , then , ” murmured the abbé . ” said planchet	95.1524658203125
, with a look of shrewdness , “ i know where bazin is . ” had said to him the preceding evening about the sinister character of the old man recurred to the mind of d ’ artagnan , who looked at him with more attention than he had done before . ; he demands your head . ’ , unheard-of fortune sufficed you no longer when you once possessed it ; you wished to double it , and how ? —by a murder ! wall again . governor , “ i can tell you the story as well as he , for it has been <unk> in my ears for the last four or five years . ” masters were ranged against the walls , intermingled with	69.222412109375
magnificent trophies of war , while heavy curtains of costly tapestry were suspended before the different doors of the room . ’ artagnan , who embraced her tenderly , with eyes which seemed to burn themselves away . in , ” said morrel , “ for i presume you are all at the door . ” villefort , “ those to whom the guilt really belongs , by whom the crime was committed , on whose heads the justice of man may probably descend here , and the certain judgment of god hereafter , would rejoice in the opportunity thus afforded of bestowing such a <unk> as valentine on the son of him whose life they so ruthlessly <unk> ” noirtier had succeeded in <unk> his emotion more	158.11883544921875
than could have been deemed possible with such an enfeebled and shattered frame . is too dangerous a place for me to wish him to retain it . for assistance ? —shall i call ? ” , her pearly neck , her cheeks <unk> with <unk> hues reminded one of the lovely <unk> who have been so <unk> compared in their manner to the <unk> of a swan . letter with safety to her majesty , ” said aramis , coloring , “ i will take that upon myself . with an air of curiosity , evidently mingled with interest . to you for his wife , or for any other person ? those you sometimes see in a play , who , because they have only a	97.25447845458984
word or two to say , <unk> themselves in the most awkward manner possible . a poor sailor like me could have hoped for ? ” to a close , and the curtain fell amid the loud , unanimous <unk> of an enthusiastic and delighted audience . <unk> , eugénie ! ” and the two young girls began to heap into a trunk all the things they thought they should require . of the promise you wished me to make , ” said franz . finger on his forehead and a smile passed over his lips ; then drawing near to ali , he whispered : his eminence made a pause , and resumed : “ if he <unk> , then i shall hope for one of those	95.85943603515625
events which change the destinies of states . ” said he ; “ you must be mad ! with him ? ’ answered the prince . myself can so execute them that one can not tell the new from the old . ” ” returned gaetano , “ the chief , who was told you were a young frenchman , invites you to sup with him . ” he met planchet , who had stopped before the house of a <unk> cook , and was contemplating with ecstasy a <unk> of the most appetizing appearance . ask is of us two alone , and i very earnestly wish that it may not be interrupted . ” you would inspire me with pity , were you not hateful in	75.81246948242188
my eyes . ” that signified , “ i do not <unk> ” the notary looked at the count with astonishment . produced and distributed project gutenberg™ ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support . caderousse hastily shut the door and returned to his guest , while la carconte lighted a candle by the smouldering ashes that glimmered on the hearth . him , “ what is the use of teaching all these things to a poor sailor like me ? ” edmond replied , “ who knows ? it is more difficult than i thought . your friend , and since you are engaged in my affairs i ought to occupy myself in yours . ” he asked . ; take the gate on the	94.76875305175781
left . in the bargain , for whenever the coward sees the first glimpse of the shores of africa , he runs down below , and can only be induced to appear again when we are out of sight of that quarter of the globe . ” see anything that was not <unk> , talked to him as usual . women , but his eloquence faltered . canvas . of magnificent <unk> , with the same arms as the sword and the portrait , formed a middle ornament to the mantelpiece , and <unk> badly with the rest of the furniture . , “ help , reverend sir , help ! ” indeed . ” fate the better , after <unk> solve the problem of life at its	136.72793579101562
source , even at the risk of horrible suffering ? , ” continued mme . <unk> , <unk> , <unk> young friend , and read in his countenance ample confirmation of the sincerity of his devotion and the loyalty of his purpose . man ’ s forehead , and he looked around him with anxiety . the bastile . ” money was paid , d ’ artagnan took possession of his lodging , and passed the remainder of the day in <unk> onto his doublet and hose some <unk> <unk> which his mother had taken off an <unk> doublet of the elder m. d ’ artagnan , and which she had given her son secretly . don ’ t die of hunger here . ” quickly . ”	62.6726188659668
french academy . ” when d ’ artagnan made such a furious lunge at him that if he had not sprung nimbly backward , it is probable he would have jested for the last time . drink to their health with all my heart , but i will not drink alone . ” ! should have this money without delay . ” said he ; “ i think i have seen you and known you formerly . ” myself at the café de paris , ” murmured danglars . ? ” replied athos , whilst mounting also , “ seeing he was used so long to brush your hats . ” ” said he , “ i fear one thing , and that is , that the fare	58.120704650878906
of the rue du helder is not so much to your taste as that of the piazza di spagna . street nor the number of the house where the meeting was to be held ; it bore no signature , but it announced to the general that someone would call for him if he would be ready at nine o ’ clock . well believe that , for neither of them was worth a penny . ” <unk> ’ s beaming smile change to a <unk> of grief . enterprising , this was not the first time he had risked his life in such attempts . queen ’ s face ; her fine blue eyes seemed to start out of her head and her carmine lips , compared	86.71343231201172
by all the poets of the day to a pomegranate in flower , were trembling with anger . of this boy ? ” but an imperious glance from the stranger stopped him short ; he bowed humbly and retired . gong . ” , madame , ” replied the count . he , “ you have just lost one woman , whom you call good , charming , perfect ; and here you are , running headlong after another . ” out of the window , exchanged a few words with him in a low tone , and the steward disappeared . i have searched every part and poor stuff i found . ” ’ épinay return ? ” if a trifle like that could suffice me ,	82.18993377685547
i should never have given myself the trouble of opening an account . provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund . am saying , ” continued the marchioness ; “ i must hurry you , so that , as she has no mother , she may at least have a grandmother to bless her marriage . ” each other ? ” he asked . the parisians enter it ; they were coming to assign the <unk> place for the conference and to make their bow to the queen . artagnan gave his name very modestly , <unk> the title of compatriot , and begged the servant who had put the question to him to request a moment	97.7571792602539
’ s audience of m. de <unk> request which the other , with an air of protection , promised to transmit in due season . the grasp of porthos , was all the reply of poor blaisois , for the giant , taking him neck and heels , plunged him into the water <unk> , pushing him out of the window as if he had been a plank . having it twice repeated , of the accurate address , and set off at a run . ” resumed de winter , stopping at the threshold of the door , “ you must not , milady , let this check take away your appetite . ” said villefort , joining the hands of morrel and d ’ avrigny ,	95.29358673095703
“ swear that you will spare the honor of my house , and leave me to avenge my child . ” you at that time , ” said the major . say that you are the <unk> . like that of god , in all things . ” project gutenberg literary archive foundation in reality a certain coffer of which he had twenty times beheld the image in his <unk> coffer long and deep , locked , bolted , fastened in the wall ; a coffer of which he had so often heard , and which the <unk> little wrinkled , it is true , but still not without <unk> the procurator ’ s wife were about to open to his admiring looks . <unk> is no one	68.291015625
but fernand , my brother , who will grasp your hand as a devoted friend . ” no allusion of that kind , ” replied morrel . myself that there can be no doubt of it , ” replied the cavalier in the cloak . gondy , “ she is going to yield . ” turn and fell , still holding in their grasp fragments of the wood , and the chest was open . andrea looked around , in order to assure himself that he could neither be seen nor heard , and then , stopping the horse and crossing his arms before the man , he asked : ? ” to do ? ” thought villefort , whose position demanded much reserve , but who was	57.01995086669922
longing to know what his father ’ s intentions were . , come to this in time , ” observed monte cristo ; “ you know that human inventions march from the <unk> to the simple , and simplicity is always perfection . ” ridiculous to make a display of our triumph , said morrel , i would invite the count to our house ; besides that , he doubtless has some trembling heart to comfort . probability they will wait at the door . ” entered . ” so much the <unk> ! _ as they say in my country . ” on it , ” said albert , whose mind was beginning to get bewildered with the excitement of his feelings . , ” said athos	73.17308044433594
. arrival a small yacht was under trial in the bay ; this yacht had been built by order of an englishman , who , having heard that the genoese excelled all other <unk> along the shores of the mediterranean in the construction of <unk> vessels , was desirous of possessing a specimen of their skill ; the price agreed upon between the englishman and the genoese builder was forty thousand francs . sir , ” replied bernouin ; and the poor coachman was conducted to a closet , the windows of which were barred and which looked very much like a prison . in the collection are in the public domain in the united states . is an eternity for me . to the window of the	97.61822509765625
room in which they were , facing the street . is more certain than the knife . ” but tell me , my dear lucien , what it is that constitutes a princess . fernand , restless and uneasy , seemed to start at every fresh sound , and from time to time wiped away the large drops of perspiration that gathered on his brow . he said . by a struggle ? ! ” the man cried out ; “ chevalier d ’ herblay ! ? ” as on the day of the bastion of st. gervais , and do not bow too low to this italian ; that might give him a poor idea of you . ” here , gentlemen ? ” said château-renaud ,	71.92293548583984
shaking hands with each of them . intelligence to be repeated to him twice , and each time his companions saw his brow become darker . least two men fell ; but the march of those who remained was not <unk> . countenance , that shone forth in <unk> that <unk> the vain attempts of dress to augment it , was peculiarly and purely grecian ; there were the large , dark , <unk> eyes , the finely formed nose , the coral lips , and pearly teeth , that belonged to her race and country . spectacles , which covered not only his eyes but his temples , and sitting down motioned to his visitor to do the same . , if i allow you to escape	194.6306915283203
i am a ruined man . ” did well to come back . ’ scabbard , he rushed out of the apartment . confidence . , but a sort of intuition tells me she is a lost creature , and that there is something fatal about her . ” , ” said the gascon , “ if you happen to have any money , lock it up quickly ; if you happen to have any jewels , hide them directly ; if you happen to have any <unk> , make them pay you , or any creditors , don ’ t pay them . ” , <unk> purveyor of the musketeers . ” of marseilles , and a sailor , and yet you do not know where you	57.94813537597656
are going ? ” time <unk> ; i passed the day without experiencing anything of the kind i dreaded . in the name of wonder ? ” , and wrote under the other lines : monsieur de tréville telling me , when he did me the honor to call upon me yesterday , that you associated with the suspected english , whom the cardinal <unk> ? ” i have seen him eat of everything in italy ; no doubt he does not feel inclined this evening . ” here this minute . ” your word ! punish me as you will ; but do <unk> not speak to me in tones and manner so formal and constrained . ” weakness fails , from its <unk> and <unk> organs	95.8434829711914
. in louis of twelve francs . ” cloak to hide one ’ s self in , no cunning policy here ; people laugh outright , they weep for joy here . from here ? ” demanded the swiss , stamping violently , like a man who begins to be seriously angry . and doubtless her maternal heart translated the emotion , for addressing raoul again : offense committed . ” friends turned , in spite of themselves , a last look on the rock , upon the menacing figure which pursued them and now stood out with a distinctness still . gondy , “ have you kept your word with me ? ” your eminence that you had but to question us , and we are ready	172.0903778076172
to reply . ” m. andrea only calls himself count . ” it ; were it not for that , i should thank you , for you have worked for us . have told you , do you not ? ” immediately broke off their conversation . walks in a dream ; he had a glimpse of objects as through a fog . and upon my soul , i would give my life for a hair , ” said athos . monsieur , oh , yes ; and i hope to prove to you that you have not served an ingrate . travel with them . ” of <unk> ’ s <unk> , which he had carefully wound up on the previous night , struck half past five	65.3907470703125
. but i say that he deceives himself . said porthos , “ i must out with it at once , for i can ’ t keep to myself anything i have against you ; i haven ’ t been able to recognize you in this matter . ” , ” said danglars , “ you have heard of the misfortune that has befallen us ? ” overtook us at cape morgiou , and we were wrecked on these rocks . ” ” child , with large blue eyes , of that deep color that <unk> so well with the blond complexion ; only his hair , which was too light , gave his face a most singular expression , and added to the <unk> of his look	65.7774429321289
, and the malice of his smile . and casting a glance at the cover , read : said , “ mouston is not so young as he was , my dear fellow ; besides , he has grown fat and perhaps has lost his fitness for active service . ” ” d ’ artagnan had already observed then came in . opening from the bedroom , or by concealing himself in the dressing-room , would be able to defend his property himself . ? ” , ” replied athos , “ am looking with admiration . ” i delight in stories , ” cried the cardinal . , when milady appeared to have resumed her self-possession , which she had never lost ; when felton had seen	66.73486328125
her recover with the veil of chastity those treasures of love which were only concealed from him to make him desire them the more ardently , he said , “ ah , now ! to the officer of yours who struck that blow . ” their chamber , the door of which was left open on the pretext of kindly consideration . in ten years i shall be old , and you will be still young . ” cold , he asked for his gown , which was brought to him . really so two hours ago . ” of his voice to warn them of their danger , but they saw it themselves . it ? ” in the pursuit of some whim as you do ,	80.61503601074219
m. danglars , in promoting a new railway line ; you , m. de villefort , in condemning a culprit to death ; you , m. debray , in <unk> a kingdom ; you , m. de château-renaud , in pleasing a woman ; and you , morrel , in breaking a horse that no one can ride . . ” said d ’ artagnan . to m. danglars ? time this first act lasts . word ! ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i also . to be made marechal of france ! ” one has already struck , i do not consider i have asserted too much in saying , that , in another hour and thirty minutes mercédès will have become madame	82.53994750976562
dantès . ” of this coffer about him ; but he one day opened it before porthos , and porthos was convinced that this coffer contained nothing but letters and <unk> letters and family papers , no doubt . i wanted to know . the window facing the square had been thrown open , and the people had seen silently advancing from the interior of the vast chamber , first , a masked man , who , carrying an axe in his hand , was recognized as the executioner . of the second opening , ” said the cardinal ’ s will . the palace , followed by bazin , who was lavish of bows and compliments . , my dear count , ” said he . the	76.4506607055664
comte de la fere , ” resumed raoul , “ said , ‘ come , bragelonne , draw your sword ; ’ then only i rushed upon the reptile and cut it in two , just at the moment when it was rising on its tail and hissing , ere it sprang upon me . caderousse ; “ i am murdered ! ” preferred money in hand to all that fine talk , for he knew well that to mazarin it was easy to promise and hard to perform . dinner has been a real feast . ’ artagnan had observed , was the way to blois . knowledge of your visit , had i ? ” of these trees , reclining on cushions , sat my father	112.8390121459961
; my mother was at his feet , and i , childlike , amused myself by playing with his long white beard which descended to his girdle , or with the <unk> of the scimitar attached to his girdle . to be in a good ship dancing upon the waves of that <unk> sea ; you would like very well , either on land or on the ocean , to lay for me one of those nice little <unk> you are so skillful in planning . and as if the statues had been but shadows from the tomb , they had vanished at his waking . , that ’ s all . ” not seem uneasy , and told me that though she had not seen him for	100.8204116821289
two or three days , she was sure he was well . ” ! _ tell me , how can i do otherwise ? ” and that is to pursue <unk> earth to the tribunal of men , in heaven to the tribunal of god . ’ dreadful event ! ” cried maximilian . , sir , and this last battle , which he encounters with resources much inferior to those of the enemy , proves that he will not yield without a struggle ; but in case he is beaten ? ” he said ; “ doubtless she is in her <unk> ” he rushed towards the door , found it bolted , and stopped , shuddering . , ” said the inspector . ” said he	51.63261413574219
, “ you are brave young men , proud in daylight , faithful in darkness . as one finds it . my brother sends for us . ” enough to allow that there was no murder in politics . flattery and <unk> of this address , madame danglars could not <unk> gazing with considerable interest on a man capable of expending six millions in twelve months , and who had selected paris for the scene of his princely <unk> . young people are such <unk> . ” given up to them , madame . ” you were just speaking have been traced by all young men of ardent <unk> . replied d ’ artagnan , “ behold the sad spectacle that awaits us . took the nags of	108.76918029785156
planchet and grimaud , and the two lackeys started on foot , carrying the saddles on their heads . d ’ artagnan passed to the other side of the room with porthos and aramis . soup and beans with you when you were hungry . ” , and without retaining any malice . went to madame de villefort . passed , the day after , a week ; i then wrote to the cardinal . known in france ? ” replied the young magistrate with a smile ; “ and in the interesting trial that young lady is anxious to witness , the case would only be still more aggravated . which were made this morning , m. noirtier de villefort must see the utter impossibility of any	70.17123413085938
alliance being formed between his family and that of m. franz d ’ épinay . , ” cried caderousse , clasping his hands , and drawing nearer to monte cristo , “ i may indeed say you are my deliverer ! ” cast a side glance at dantès , and taking a packet which a gendarme offered him , disappeared , saying , “ bring in the prisoner . ” oars might be heard as they returned to the yacht . a deposit , on a <unk> , which is an advance , as you see , since we gain at least ten , fifteen , twenty , or a hundred livres ’ worth of iron in exchange for our money . ” said the abbess , smiling	70.12283325195312
, “ be reassured ; the house in which you are shall not be a very hard prison , and we will do all in our power to make you cherish your captivity . by drawing forth a little note , written in these terms : you . ” porthos “ without supper ? the sentinel , pointing over his shoulder to a spacious crypt , hollowed out of the rock , the lights from which shone into the passage through the large arched openings . a regiment , athos ? she expected , though probably not in such a costume , the young woman started in terror , and was about to make a hasty retreat . ! all the noises that had ceased the night before	98.41107177734375
reawakened , one after the other . it was to agitate that ocean of human waves , how many were received with a look of indifference or a sneer of disdain ! , when the greek government was <unk> , he asked of king otho a mining grant for that district , which was given him . replied the king , continuing the <unk> in his horace . , then ? ” asked mazarin . tonight , he said , in an undertone . had dug , and now , with the aid of the torch , saw that his pickaxe had in reality struck against iron and wood . better now . ” it was she who had cut off the two studs , and avenge himself	112.75698852539062
for that little treachery ; but buckingham was incapable of going to any excess against a woman , particularly if that woman was supposed to have acted from a feeling of jealousy . made his appearance at the door . pale ; he was wounded in his <unk> : he thought that it was in his <unk> . , i will speak to him myself . , on the contrary , that it ought to have inspired you with confidence . ” friend , ” replied beauchamp , “ i expected you . ” ” replied the count , “ not more than another . king , who deprived him of his estates and forbade him to bear the name of de winter . ” , a flight	40.93991470336914
which my father was trying to effect . a look of ineffable tenderness , while barrois , who had remained in the room in the character of a man privileged to know everything that passed , smiled on the youthful couple as he wiped the perspiration from his bald forehead . ! ” said laporte . she is or whither they have conducted her . ” walk together ? ” athos then said to aramis . del popolo , the crowd became more dense , and above the heads of the multitude two objects were visible : the obelisk , surmounted by a cross , which marks the centre of the square , and in front of the obelisk , at the point where the three streets ,	93.59077453613281
del babuino , del corso , and di <unk> , meet , the two <unk> of the scaffold , between which glittered the curved knife of the _mandaïa_ . confined in the château d ’ if since the revolution of july ; it was only inhabited by a guard , kept there for the <unk> of smuggling . be read a deep reproach , as well as a terrible menace . the indifference of a man accustomed to spend half his time amongst the dead ; he then lifted the sheet which was placed over the face , and just unclosed the lips . eminence is anxious to prevent someone from crossing to england ? ” ” said athos , “ perhaps they do not recognize your majesty	99.90768432617188
’ s voice , and await the order of their captain . ” chance , be betrayed by gentlemen ; but it is almost always sold by lackeys . ” , ” returned albert ; “ italian cigars are horrible . porthos , filling a second glass of wine . that i have eaten nothing since ten o ’ clock this morning , and i am <unk> hungry . ” ? ’ said the man in the cloak . the rights of high and low tribunals . any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions . it ? ” and both leisurely took their way to the rue tiquetonne . de pierrefonds . ” ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , breaking into a loud	64.24307250976562
laugh , he having heard , as may be remembered , thanks to the broken boards , every syllable of the conversation between the mercer and his wife . auteuil , sir , ” said the procureur , making an evident effort to appear calm . <unk> ! ” under cover of the <unk> <unk> , striking her breast so vigorously that everybody , even the lady with the red cushion , turned round toward her . find a good musket , twelve cartridges , and a powder flask very useless in the face of an enemy . ” of admiration . , to send me 500,000 francs tomorrow . that it is not on account of any intrigues of her own that my wife has been arrested	94.8037338256836
, but because of those of a lady much greater than herself . ” had made upon him after the dinner at auteuil , and then the visit the abbé had himself paid to his house on the day of valentine ’ s death . master ’ s card , the baron danglars . , valentine ? ” if you please . ” m. de saint-méran ? ” demanded monte cristo . the name of a town . in the habit of receiving ! ” replied milady , for whom this conversation began to have a real interest . a step . there when he fell . ” menacing . of inflexible determination ; he firmly adhered to a purpose once formed , when it seemed to him	68.5881576538086
to spring from conscience and to be <unk> by a sense of duty . the choice between america and tyburn , ” replied lord de winter . , where he found him standing in the middle of the room , pale as death , his forehead streaming with perspiration , and his hands clenched tightly together . please , sire ; you possess the right of pardon . ” albert . when we escape together , that i shall go everywhere and be always first ; for if my lord should be overtaken and caught , there ’ s every chance of his being brought back to prison , whereas if i am caught the least that can befall me is to <unk> . ” restoration , i	100.76192474365234
served through the first campaign under the orders of marshal <unk> . the table and ate as he did in the merry days of the rue des fossoyeurs , whilst d ’ artagnan walked to and fro and thought how he could make use of planchet under present circumstances . been poisoned , ” said d ’ avrigny , “ and i will maintain this assertion before god and man . ” , by the saint honore gate , d ’ artagnan , who had time before him , walked around and re-entered by the porte richelieu . the gascon , determined to confine himself to this specimen of the german tongue . ” thought milady ; “ i have not been earnest enough . ” of being	76.70049285888672
the most severe , the most upright , the most rigid magistrate on the bench ? ” . my purpose , knows no impossibility , and so i keep him . ” d ’ artagnan , “ the queen desired every one to leave and i thought that this command was intended for us as well as for the rest . ” continued the coadjutor , pitilessly , “ is about to take such measures as seem good to you , but i foresee that they will be violent and such as will still further exasperate the rioters . ” not fail to do so , ” returned the count , bowing . that a signature given under circumstances like the present might be regarded as extorted by	90.766845703125
violence . ” so ? mercédès , “ i believed you were <unk> , and i was mistaken ! said d ’ artagnan , “ i shall discover them ; as these secrets may have an influence over your life , these secrets must become mine . ” giving the key to d ’ avrigny , again bade farewell to the strange doctor , and retired to his study , where he began to work . little distance from them , timidly awaiting the moment when she should be obliged to speak . of no use to you in this world , henrietta , ” said the lady , turning around . not manage to restore to me my pension ? find it ? ” also defective ,	57.55629348754883
you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem . , had just left a bonapartist club when he disappeared . ” he resumed , “ that they mean to kill you ? , through negligence , i should be fined . ” much already , drunkard , ” said danglars ; “ and if you continue , you will be compelled to sleep here , because unable to stand on your legs . ” i committed crime . , ” said caderousse , “ are wills ever made without <unk> ? rejoined the priest . s arm , and , at the same time , holding that of madame danglars under his own , he dragged the procureur to the <unk> ,	63.39923095703125
where the shade was thickest . had remained with me , for i had frequently observed <unk> in his accounts . ” ? ” close . that we will not accept such steeds as these in exchange for those which had been promised to us . ” , my good fellow ? , ” said the king , “ have you made your calculations ? ” , but put it in his pocket and not on his finger . within half an hour , 287,500 francs . , and was almost as feverish as the night had been , but it brought reason to the aid of imagination , and dantès was then enabled to arrange a plan which had hitherto been vague and <unk> in his brain	73.0172119140625
. really wish it , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and even with great pleasure , i confess ; the journey has given me a devil of an appetite . ” replied the count . must join her son and go over to the princes ’ side ; but you know better than i do that there are certain reasons why she can never abandon mazarin . ” resumed he , after having <unk> his tongue against his <unk> , “ they are brave fellows ! ’ s hand and pressed it with an air of gallantry to his lips . . gambler if i were not too hot-headed ; but i was hot-headed , just as if i had been drinking . . porthos ,	58.44728469848633
“ if we can not leave the camp , our lackeys may . ” in france , and knew the traitor lived in paris , i have watched carefully . i am ignorant ; but i can readily tell you where he is going to , and that is down below , without the least doubt . ” said porthos . them to me . ” the kindness to explain the nature of the statement which has displeased you ? ” for he had already drunk a glass of excellent wine , placed for him expressly by the pope ’ s butler . ” said the doctor , with the <unk> usual in persons of his profession ; “ he is a churchman . porthos , “ mouston	57.94902038574219
has no desire to fight ; besides , they have erected a <unk> arch for me to enter my barony , which will kill my neighbors with envy . ” strength failed him , he seemed unable to sustain himself above the water and a wave passed over his head , which drowned his voice . moment . ” ” a warm one , ” said planchet , in a warlike tone . ; i will obey you at all points . ” four years ago he used to adorn and adore his little idol , whom he will some day fall in love with in right earnest if he remains here . said , “ proves me to be under the protection of some powerful person ,	96.7447280883789
—this sudden fortune , the facility with which i have overcome all obstacles , an unexpected family and an illustrious name awarded to me , gold <unk> down upon me , and the most splendid alliances about to be entered into . him escape ! ” said a loud voice . , ” resumed m. de tréville , “ what has become of your three companions ? ” signal , which shall be the words ‘ at last , ’ you each plunge a dagger into the heart of the soldier nearest to you . and entered . send him to paris . ” to procure a horse ? ” ; be sure of that . ’ clock in the morning . you ? ” sprang , from	72.45641326904297
his chair , hastily opened one of the drawers of his desk , emptied all the gold it contained into his pocket , stood motionless an instant , his hand pressed to his head , muttered a few inarticulate sounds , and then , perceiving that his servant had placed his cloak on his shoulders , he sprang into the carriage , ordering the postilions to drive to m. de saint-méran ’ s . in eight days you will be where you ought to be , and my task will be completed . ” but instead of going to her apartment she hastened to consult emmanuel . _ ” said beauchamp , “ with the paper in your hand , my friend , i need not tell you	61.06049346923828
the cause of my visit . ” , duke , to me , for i know now what confidence to place in them . <unk> said that she caused his death ? ” eminence ’ s service , as well as monsieur du vallon , one of my old friends , who used to conceal his nobility under the name of porthos . ” <unk> home . ” for man ; give me one , i will give you the other . ” for the price i asked . ’ , ” replied dantès . said richelieu , “ if i shall be able to say to you at another time what i have said to you today , i promise you to do so . ” .	37.501747131347656
are the best of friends ; their apparent <unk> are only feints to deceive fools . good , ’ ” muttered the major , “ <unk> ” replied he . interest stirred his blood . courtyard , walked all over the house , without giving any sign of approbation or pleasure , until he entered his bedroom , situated on the opposite side to the closed room ; then he approached a little piece of furniture , made of rosewood , which he had noticed at a previous visit . refer ? ” said monte cristo with well-feigned interest . although i assure you the refusal is as painful for me to give as it is for you to receive , for i had reckoned on the honor	109.65316772460938
of your alliance , and the breaking off of a marriage contract always injures the lady more than the gentleman . ” evening a hundred <unk> scarron was at his hundredth bon mot on the subject ; he was very nearly at the end of his <unk> <unk> , but one despairing effort saved him . amount to— “ , said porthos , who preferred discussing the total to taking them one by one . hold on board ? ” must be found . ” month before i was arrested , and a fortnight after the death of the count of spada , on the 25th of <unk> ( you will see presently how the date became fixed in my memory ) , i was reading , for	154.34278869628906
the <unk> time , the papers i was arranging , for the palace was sold to a stranger , and i was going to leave rome and settle at florence , intending to take with me twelve thousand francs i possessed , my library , and the famous breviary , when , tired with my constant labor at the same thing , and overcome by a heavy dinner i had eaten , my head dropped on my hands , and i fell asleep about three o ’ clock in the afternoon . chain of people gliding under the walls . rochefort , taking the paper from milady , folding it , and placing it in the lining of his hat , “ you may be easy . me	86.38220977783203
none . ” , during which monte cristo gazed intently on the picture . for myself a fortune independent of him , even if i acquired it by placing my interests in hands unknown to him. ” madame danglars blushed , in spite of all her efforts . ’ artagnan , “ how can you talk like that when you are in the company of gentlemen and have such an excellent sword at your side ? ” d ’ herblay ? ” was hiding something under his mantle , which he laid on the grass in order to dig more freely . host , ” cried d ’ artagnan . and placed the paper before the eyes of the duke ; but buckingham in vain tried to make	77.29973602294922
out the writing . him slightly on the shoulder . feel that ? ” with much impatience , for she feared the day would pass away without her seeing felton again . market cart , which some minutes before had appeared upon the amiens road , pulled up at the inn , and planchet and grimaud came out of it with the saddles on their heads . , rich as a gold mine , one of the noblest families in tuscany , who , when his sons married according to his wish , gave them millions ; and when they married against his consent , merely allowed them thirty crowns a month . all that is most sacred to me in the world , namely , by my	129.1507110595703
mother . ” could scarcely believe that he had heard aright . at this <unk> ii . <unk> language which d ’ artagnan could not understand ; but by the accent the young man plainly saw that the beautiful englishwoman was in a great rage . saint-méran , m. <unk> ” and presented himself here as the emissary of the cardinal , and in an hour or two a carriage will come to take me away by the orders of his eminence . ” him ? ” , and he received their excuses with the air of a man who appreciated their delicacy . sir , and the secrets of confession , for instance , must remain between me and god , and not between me and human	63.76778793334961
justice . ” wretches ! ” murmured the queen , “ they shall pay dearly for their boldness , and it is i who promise this . ” , ” replied the duke “ let us suppose , for instance , that my maitre d ’ hotel , noirmont , has purchased the shop of pere <unk> ” ghosts , and i have never heard it said that so much harm had been done by the dead during six thousand years as is wrought by the living in a single day . , seated in the courtyard of the hotel de la chevrette , to d ’ artagnan , who , with a long and melancholy face , had returned from the palais royal ; “ did he	61.08664321899414
receive you <unk> , my dear friend ? ” ” asked the count of morcerf , “ who rescued my son from the hands of bandits ? ” servant . ! ” said she . horse all saddled , and will point out to you the road you ought to take . i am , i get from one <unk> into another . porthos . did not care to know your gentleman in the mask ; for really , in spite of his excellent intentions , i could not thank him for what he has done . ” you end by doing nothing ; you talk of <unk> ” with us ? ” asked mousqueton , with a serene and glowing countenance . lose . physician ! ”	63.760459899902344
said benedetto . continued she , “ was not that my lord buckingham whom i saw on the jetty this evening as we arrived ? ” generous ! ” ; milady was in it . of which no bandit before him ever gave an example . ” ; and more , —i repeat it with joy , with triumph , —i have always found some proof of human <unk> or error . sir , ” said madame danglars ; “ but you suppose scenes in a manner which gives them the appearance of reality . ” let us go to the minister ; and yet , ” she added , “ suppose he should refuse and that the king loses the battle ? ” , being both <unk>	84.52505493164062
, both having become noble , both rich , are about equal in worth , excepting that there have been certain things mentioned of him that were never said of me . ” having conversed for a minute with her whom he awaited . ” over the pont neuf ; they pursued their way along the quay then called l ’ <unk> <unk> , and went along by the walls of the grand chatelet . , and his anger <unk> hot . it , ” said athos . restored , and the vigilance of the custom-house officers was redoubled , and their strictness was increased at this time , in consequence of the fair at beaucaire . travel , and they did it amid torrents of rain .	135.0279541015625
in front of the cardinal ; this was his second interview with richelieu , and he afterward confessed that he felt well assured it would be his last . my dear duke . an ineffable look towards heaven . twenty paces of the shore , the man on the beach , who carried a carbine , presented arms after the manner of a sentinel , and cried , “ who comes there ? ” in sardinian . , your excellency ! ” cried the steward , struck with terror at this threat , “ if that is the only reason i can not remain in your service , i will tell all , for if i quit you , it will only be to go to the scaffold	66.24591064453125
. ” murmured monte cristo . <unk> to transmit the letter to her mistress , she did at last so decide , which was all d ’ artagnan wished . his pocket and passing his fingers over the largest teeth , pronounced this one word , “ pointed . ” tell all i have said , will you not , reverend sir ? ” fatigue and anxiety , my dear duke , when we have a telegraph which <unk> messages in three or four hours , and that without getting in the least out of breath . ” ! ” cried anne of austria , with an accent of terror which proved how much greater an interest she took in the duke than she ventured to tell .	68.96549987792969
, ” said d ’ artagnan . her . said the queen , “ that they want to take the king away from me ? ” dear chevalier , you are a miracle of memory . incredible immodesty , of such monstrous effrontery , that d ’ artagnan could scarcely believe what he saw or what he heard . a <unk> influence , for my mother rarely comes here without looking at it , and still more rarely does she look at it without weeping . mechanically , and just touched the glass with her lips . not been in such a hurry , he might have had his <unk> . ” at once terrified and happy , after having embraced and thanked the feeble old man for	75.93801879882812
thus breaking with a single blow the chain which she had been accustomed to consider as <unk> , asked leave to retire to her own room , in order to recover her composure . with the cardinal , the queen sent for him . that , or the comte de la fere will be furious . ” to see once more all he had loved in the world ; but the hackney-coach drove on and the head of neither mercédès nor her son appeared at the window to take a last look at the house or the deserted father and husband . himself by the arm of the chair . there must be some reason why the unknown preserved such a silence , and ceased to address themselves	90.75260925292969
to him . tis the height of ingratitude ; but your highness has never seriously thought of it ? ” see , am nailed to my <unk> ! and believes that i am taken by order of the cardinal . extending his arms , the spaniard fell back on the <unk> , and the terrified horse , turning around , carried him off . generous friend , adieu ; i will go and tell valentine what you have done for me . ” into her mind . , young man , that you are inexperienced . as if the reproach had not been addressed to him . at the same time , were an exception , and proved the determination of providence to effect the entire ruin of	67.41322326660156
the roman empire , sullied by so many crimes . not forget that promise . ” heaven with an expression it would be impossible to describe , and tears , which had hitherto been restrained , now yielded to her emotion , and ran down her cheeks . ” andrea was a very skilful and intelligent boy . at this man with the long , thick and black hair and beard , which gave his head the appearance of one of titian ’ s portraits . still the power of <unk> from your presence those whom you do not like ! ” clock was striking six . ” said athos . , ” said aramis , thoughtfully ; “ therefore i shall not pledge myself . ” and	80.06964874267578
i will stay and take care of the wounded man . ” who made that promise , ” cried morcerf ; “ it must have been someone else whom you have rescued in the same manner , and whom you have forgotten . athos , passing his arm under that of d ’ artagnan , “ we abandon to your pious care the body of that unfortunate woman . . ” . ” other , not understanding this assurance of athos . ” said he . the rue de vaugirard , no . , ” replied porthos ; “ i understand now why aramis advised me to strangle that horrible mordaunt . ” him one look , yet that look convinced me that we were doomed . ”	55.63312530517578
replied porthos , “ i leave fishing to mousqueton , —it is a vulgar pleasure , —but i shoot sometimes ; that is to say , when i am dull , and i sit on one of those marble seats , have my gun brought to me , my favorite dog , and i shoot rabbits . ” of submission , and followed the ladies who were to conduct her to her room . that , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ for as i am in great haste likewise , i wish to beg you to render me a service . ” exact personification of what i have been led to expect ! at the same moment , and friquet was waiting behind comminges until the	85.24935150146484
door should be opened . break of day , they were still three or four leagues from the coast of england . , instead of the sixteen i had last year , i have this year , you see , eleven , already <unk> , thirteen , fourteen , fifteen , sixteen , seventeen , eighteen . it would tempt me were i any other man , ” rejoined aramis ; “ but i repeat , i am made up of contradictions . . danglars , “ not entirely so ; with the servants , —you understand . ” enfants to that of the ferronnerie , from the rue saint thomas-du-louvre to the pont neuf , from the rue richelieu to the porte saint honore , there were	115.23208618164062
more than ten thousand armed men ; those who were at the front hurled defiance at the impassive sentinels of the regiment of guards posted around the palais royal , the gates of which were closed behind them , a precaution which made their situation precarious . in this action ; there was courage ; the south was <unk> , and to assist , even on his death-bed , the father of so dangerous a bonapartist as dantès , was <unk> as a crime . is going on . ” ! ” ” she said , “ i saw , but i can not believe ! ” pay ? ” demanded d ’ artagnan . for me to make a note of these particulars , for there ,	67.55532836914062
before my eyes , beneath my feet , all around me , i have the plan sketched with all the living reality of truth . ” boast of it , ” said andrea , who , without becoming angry , as caderousse feared , at this new <unk> , quietly resigned the ring . them . the inspector , from discretion , and that he might not disturb the abbé faria ’ s pupil in his researches , had seated himself in a corner , and was reading _le <unk> blanc_ . staircase , while noirtier ’ s eyes seemed to say , — “ quicker , quicker ! ” silence . the sword with her hands ; but d ’ artagnan kept it free from her grasp	100.83666229248047
, and presenting the point , sometimes at her eyes , sometimes at her breast , compelled her to glide behind the bedstead , while he aimed at making his retreat by the door which led to kitty ’ s apartment . , my father , ” said he to the jesuit ; “ monsieur d ’ artagnan will enjoy our conversation better . ” say , there ’ s no longer a queen . none of your crew should see me . ” grimaud reflected on two things ; first , that at the pace he was going his horse would not carry him ten miles , and secondly , that he had no money . t know where he is . ” is yours . of	70.05248260498047
the mother was almost frantic . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ and if there had not been a postscript , probably i should not have understood it ; but happily there is a postscript . ” ’ t let you go so ! <unk> are served to us on <unk> days . this order so far as to detain in england the ambassadors of <unk> , who had taken their leave , and the regular ambassador of holland , who was to take back to the port of flushing the indian <unk> of which charles i. had made restitution to the united provinces . be m. noirtier ’ s reason , ” answered morrel , “ i can readily believe it to be a good	64.76695251464844
one . ” treated any peril as he would an adversary in a duel , <unk> its probable method of approach ; retreated , if at all , as a point of <unk> and not from cowardice ; was quick to see an opening for attack , and won victory at a single thrust . , my friend , how my bones <unk> since i came here . august 23 , 1628 he began to agitate his nose and his jaws after the example of his clerks . give me credit for this , madame ; it was done by the romans , who much esteemed them , and pliny relates that they sent slaves from ostia to rome , who carried on their heads fish which he	205.4725799560547
calls the <unk> , and which , from the description , must probably be the <unk> . who smiled . . did everything . ” innkeeper and bought from him two hundred trusses at the same price . pistoles . reasons , ” replied athos . ” through him—a chill even to his heart ’ s core . time , rewards of merit , <unk> , crosses , monthyon prizes , if they do not lead society towards more complete perfection ? that month our four companions had landed at boulogne , and , in two parties , had set out for paris . , his eyes fixed on the gloomy aperture that was open at his feet . remain unpunished because the criminals are unknown , and	148.0467529296875
we might strike the innocent instead of the guilty ; but when the culprits are discovered ” ( villefort here extended his hand toward a large crucifix placed opposite to his desk ) — “ when they are discovered , i swear to you , by all i hold most sacred , that whoever they may be they shall die . the novice , “ but of my <unk> a devotion to a woman i loved , for whom i would have laid down my life , for whom i would give it still . ” still more insolent success at a time when blows poured down like hail , had borne him to the top of that difficult ladder called court favor , which he had climbed	132.99984741210938
four steps at a time . morcerf , “ my father is most anxious about it ; and i hope , ere long , to introduce you , if not to my wife , at least to my <unk> eugénie danglars . ” , then ? ” then ? ” asked richelieu . you not ? ” then he added to himself : “ these english <unk> are all beggars and ill-bred . ” fellow , my friend ; can we count upon you ? ” the young man , turning pale . one another . ? ” , ” replied the owner , “ and that is not saying much . you understand that uneasiness makes us do many things . ” be a cardinalist ; she	47.241355895996094
must know nothing of the matter . ” de monte cristo , digging underneath these trees , found neither skeleton nor chest , because neither of them was there ! ” the town d ’ artagnan drew rein . announced the count of morcerf to monte cristo , and the latter , leading haydée aside , ordered that morcerf be asked into the drawing-room . fulfilled , m. noirtier ? ” asked morrel , while d ’ avrigny looked inquiringly . foundation is a non-profit 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the internal revenue service . trembling seized them when called upon for some unexpected service . ’ artagnan ,	161.79180908203125
the other porthos . we have said , had become more tranquil , as always happens after a past danger , particularly when the danger seems to have vanished . gone to bed . d ’ artagnan to raoul , seeing that athos wished to be alone , “ come , let us take a turn in the fencing gallery ; that will amuse you . ” having bowed to lord wilmore , who returned his salutation with the stiff politeness of the english , he retired . rivers on the borders of scotland , but still on english soil , the tents of a little army extended . make me hateful , but i will prevent your rendering me ridiculous , and , above all , i	105.985107421875
forbid you to ruin me . ” as death ; she suspected what the letter contained . my advice . , barrois ? ” said valentine . ; it is possible that the influence of the place , the charm of the beautiful evening , the fascination of your <unk> thousand circumstances , in short , which sometimes unite to destroy a <unk> grouped around me on that fatal evening ; but , my lord , you saw the queen come to the aid of the woman who faltered . d ’ artagnan , ” said athos ; “ yes , ungrateful to providence , to whom we owe our safety in the most miraculous manner . ” signor <unk> , but do not confine yourself to one	70.21009063720703
trial . , ” said debray , “ she is no doubt occupied in <unk> balm for the hospitals , or in making <unk> for herself or friends . die , poor girl ! ” not answer . ’ ” . to cause you any remorse ; believe me , then , when i swear to you that you have wronged no man , but on the contrary have benefited mankind . ” poison will take no effect on valentine ? ” the queen , shaking her head . in bed , was about to follow the example of the superior ; but milady stopped her . sweet revenge for him when he found that i had not died from the blow of his dagger ? said d	68.14295196533203
’ artagnan to athos , “ you had a triumphant idea ! and whilst we fight for opposite sides , let us remain friends . my offers ! he will not advance two leagues into the interior of france without being followed , tracked , and caught like a wild beast . ” ” exclaimed the queen , joyfully . to our sorrows , which you couldn ’ t share without crime , you alone among us have discovered what we were searching for in vain . , a daughter , have done us the honor to call us to their aid . matter . good fortune , ” said franz , as he returned the letter . much upon his strength , and then he realized how	94.06094360351562
serviceable the timber had been to him . the old man ’ s look , with eagerness . not be as silent as usual , but speak to dantès , and seeing that he received no reply , go to the bed , and thus discover all . ” the rue dauphine , he perceived his carriage , awoke his sleeping coachman by opening the door himself , threw himself on the cushions , and pointed towards the faubourg saint-honoré ; the carriage drove on . ” said morcerf , “ we have been acquainted for many years , and consequently we ought to make some allowance for each other ’ s <unk> . very small stone bottle the third of a glass for each of the young	74.9805908203125
men , served himself in about the same proportion , and passed the bottle to porthos and mme . replied his friend , “ are necessary to reach blois ; one day to rest there ; three or four days to return to paris . to be there in my pocket ; it speaks of his return , does it not , porthos ? ” s reply to the baroness . glance , but it seemed to the countess to have lasted for a century , so much was expressed in that one look . , monsieur , and tomorrow i will set out . ” of _la jeune amélie_ had , as he <unk> the land , mounted two small <unk> , which , without making much	70.77999114990234
noise , can throw a four <unk> ball a thousand paces or so . irresistible attraction , like that of the bird to the serpent , walked towards the house . with you , shun it , were it with a child of ten years old . <unk> the shrubs and trees that grow out of the crevices of the rocks . ” him the change in athos ; a resemblance between the boy and the man explained the mystery of this <unk> existence . for ? ” jesting with that which is far dearer to me than life itself ! she exclaimed , “ let him come in . ” that he would get nothing out of this man , who was evidently telling a falsehood in	96.845947265625
his pretended ignorance of the abode of aramis , but whose lies were bold and decided . fere is a <unk> . ” some secret , implacable , and mortal enemy ! as we appear to be . replied the count . dear bonacieux ; i don ’ t conceal this from you . ” <unk> ” the door ; but his strength failed him and he sank into a chair . that side , ” said buckingham , turning toward d ’ artagnan . cried the king , taking up tréville ’ s words , “ police affairs ! make him write the letter . ” ’ artagnan come off the conqueror ? ” asked the young man , with glistening eye . found louvieres and his	49.426063537597656
bourgeois . ask you , as though you had experienced death , ‘ is it painful to die ? ’ ” this great tragedy even to its last scene , ” said athos . his share of the diamond , seldom quit the parpaillot . my pistols with the ivory cross . ” his friend ’ s entreaties , and bade him find a shepherd to send to rita ’ s father at frosinone . , sir ? ” inquired raoul . villefort , on the count ’ s invitation , offered his arm ; and villefort felt that his glance was uneasy beneath his gold spectacles , when he felt the arm of the baroness press upon his own . felton , “ only promise till you	106.16275024414062
have seen me again . ? ” said she . on hearing this gigantic joke . ” said athos , “ but this child comes in the name of heaven . ” ; fortunately he recovered . , and aramis . ” , and which you believe to be from madame de <unk> ” to another of his exercises . ” , viscount ; you like your title , do you not ? ” a <unk> leveled at him ; he had no time to draw from his holsters . as if no danger hovered over him , and as if he breathed his customary atmosphere . did know it , ” exclaimed albert , “ since it is owing to that circumstance that we are packed into	46.276302337646484
these small rooms , like two poor <unk> in the back streets of paris . ” are incomprehensible , and there are certain invitations contained in even the <unk> food which appeal very <unk> to a fasting stomach . know yet . ” who had left the room after delivering the letter . we go out . ” he , “ let us drink to him who <unk> at the repast . carriage ? ” exclaimed albert . it is useless , ” stammered m. de villefort in a hoarse voice ; “ no , it is useless ! ” old soldiers the evening before a battle is a serious time ; it was so with greater reason to two young men who were about to witness for	73.25945281982422
the first time that terrible spectacle . d ’ if with the round , open , smiling face of a young and happy man , with whom the early paths of life have been smooth , and who anticipates a future corresponding with his past . he bowed to morcerf , who replied with the most impertinent look possible . the wounded man and you had time to observe him , and perhaps you would know him again were you to meet him . ” . ” enough to explain your meaning ? ” said the major , endeavoring as much as possible to assume an air of the greatest majesty . d ’ artagnan ; you know that . ” them , and they stopped before him	75.74923706054688
. s right ! ” without being able to regain the complete exercise of my faculties , i retained the sense of my danger . he examined the arms on the panels and the livery of the coachman on his box . , then , that arrogate to yourself this tyrannical right over free and rational beings ? ” the signal for the end of the carnival sounded , and at the same instant all the _moccoletti_ were extinguished as if by enchantment . habit of a novice , which the young woman wore , was not very advantageous in a contest of this kind . had fixed on his color beforehand , had only to select the shade , and looked in his chestnut suit exactly like	116.92088317871094
a retired sugar dealer . sinister lines on his countenance . , ” replied monte cristo ; “ i am quite sure , that , on the contrary , he will choose everything as i wish . ” dear d ’ artagnan , _morbleu ! _ let us drink while the wine is fresh ! said monte cristo in the same language . ’ servants ? ” he arrested ? ” and more stupid every day . ” ” said the banker ; “ good-evening , m. debray . ” ; they had had a long ride , and were dying with hunger and thirst . to go , ” said the queen . , for heaven ’ s sake , tell us all <unk> he a vampire	46.95381546020508
, or a resuscitated corpse , or what ? ” officer repeated twenty times : “ in the king ’ s name , ” were powerless against this formidable <unk> , on the contrary , to exasperate it still more ; when , at the shout , “ in the name of the king , ” an officer ran up , and seeing the uniforms ill-treated , he sprang into the <unk> sword in hand , and brought unexpected help to the guards . ? ” that i feared it ; i only said that death alone could check the execution of my plans . ” ! he would have thrown his glove in my face if morrel , one of my friends , had not stopped him	83.45549774169922
. ” : you know that i have had a quarrel with a certain gentleman , who has given me an appointment for this evening in the place royale . in that case , my <unk> know that i am very bold to offer advice to your <unk> advice is that the king should not leave his kingdom . you wish me to do for you ? ” said beauchamp mildly . longer any doubt , she cried , in a state of stupor , “ what , my brother , is it you ? ” said the coadjutor , “ want it to be thought that i do not speak to him . ? ” said beauchamp ; “ and by what ? ” , ” said	34.987281799316406
mazarin ; “ enter this cabinet and wait till i come back . ” a letter from m. de morcerf , begging me to attend the opera . ” , monsieur , ” said monte cristo “ that you served at yanina ? ” they , or are they not , my subjects ? , why not its <unk> ? three others had endeavored to knock the young man down with chairs , stools , and <unk> ; but two or three scratches made by the gascon ’ s blade terrified them . of the <unk> guard , and the other flattened itself against a rock , after having passed within two inches of d ’ artagnan . , and although in the same carriage with château-renaud and	64.42357635498047
albert , he did not hear one word of their conversation . the duchess , “ upon my word , you frighten me . ” much to allow you to put on a mask to aid you in the discovery of our secret , and then to remove it that you may ruin those who have confided in you . than a beautiful piece of cambric , which the young girl had bought a fortnight before . fifty , <unk> men , ” said porthos , counting the <unk> . stood before him . less important affairs , and the three musketeers repaired to the king ’ s quarters , where they had to prepare their lodging . had , ” said he , “ lasted but half	55.30306625366211
an hour , and after it i was hungry , and got up without help ; now i can move neither my right arm nor leg , and my head seems uncomfortable , which shows that there has been a <unk> of blood on the brain . her husband ’ s feet . i say ; —one never has too much ; —but , at the same time , my boy , i am as much obliged by your offer as if i took advantage of it . ” ? ” asked m. de tréville , glancing round to see if they were surely alone , and then fixing his questioning look upon d ’ artagnan . the prompt assistance of your intrepid servant , this dear child	98.8108901977539
and myself must both have perished . ” . groups , according to their fancy , lying in their <unk> , or with their backs against a sort of stone bench , which went all round the columbarium , were to be seen twenty brigands or more , each having his carbine within reach . ” took his hand , and kissed it . of former days . ” abbé ’ s words , however , were wholly incomprehensible to him ; but , like the <unk> which guides the navigator in northern latitudes , opened new <unk> to the inquiring mind of the listener , and gave fantastic glimpses of new horizons , <unk> him justly to estimate the delight an intellectual mind would have in following	196.15232849121094
one so richly gifted as faria along the heights of truth , where he was so much at home . tennis ? ” asked la ramee , giving more serious attention to the duke ’ s words . , if i mistake not , the chevalier d ’ artagnan is lieutenant of royal guards ; but take care , for i fear that this man is entirely devoted to the cardinal . ” the turnkey ; “ you destroy everything . the large diamond which shone on the major ’ s little finger ; for the major , like a prudent man , in case of any accident happening to his bank-notes , had immediately converted them into an available <unk> . solitary , feeble light was burning	111.34028625488281
in the porter ’ s lodge , about forty paces distant from the house , as baptistin had said . to cover a great deal of ground without exciting suspicion . few steps , and , with a fervent prayer of gratitude , stretched himself on the granite , which seemed to him softer than down . , gentlemen , i will sleep across your doorway , and you will then be certain that nobody can reach you . ” a thirty-six-pound ball to his feet , and threw him into the sea . ” him , and was not mistaken . a figure in the shadow that seemed to wait for him . to return home for a year to come , i am told ; in	64.43589782714844
that time many favorable and unforeseen chances may <unk> us . , on which were inscribed their names , were placed on either side of a little enclosure , <unk> in , and shaded by four <unk> . her , monseigneur , ” said athos . d ’ artagnan , who could not believe what the hostess and bazin had successively told him ; and he gazed , half stupefied , upon the three persons before him . knew him , pushed the window with his knee and hand . you say ? ” register at once , ” asked the governor , “ or proceed to the other cell ? ” albert , “ it is of your journal that i come to speak . ” you	63.71505355834961
, ‘ i love you as a brother ; but do not ask from me more than <unk> affection , for my heart is another ’ s. ’ is not this true , fernand ? ” sent for me ? ” to strangle you ! ” cried the duke . keep it as a weapon against milady , or else , let us be frank , did he not reserve the sapphire as a last resource for his outfit ? he ; “ i will go with you . ” say to her ? ” service i have the happiness to render your majesty . , my dear viscount ? ” said monte cristo , wiping his hands on the towel which ali had brought him ; “	50.9289436340332
i must occupy my leisure moments in some way or other . in flanders . ’ artagnan to act as he thinks proper , ” said athos . in this manner , ” said the <unk> boy . so , ” said the king . very learned , and rational enough on all points which did not relate to his treasure ; but on that , indeed , he was intractable . ” it signify to you if the castle of yanina was given up by a french officer ? ” , of whom the <unk> are the successors , ” continued the jesuit ; “ <unk> <unk> the fingers . die with me . villefort , ” cried he , “ i am delighted to see you	55.991634368896484
. as a brother about to go for a mere walk takes leave of his sister , kissing her hand . ; twenty francs are not to be despised . to arrest the count as a vagabond , on the pretext of his being too rich . ” his return , franz found a letter from the embassy , informing him that he would have the honor of being received by his holiness the next day . said the queen ; “ you and your friend are worth an army . ” nothing . ” , i had so much the habit of calling them by <unk> that i have forgotten their real ones . ” glance at monte cristo , whose eyes had been riveted on her	58.65657043457031
countenance during the whole course of her narrative . as we have said , close to her , he saw on the ground a fine cambric handkerchief , which he picked up , as was his habit , and at the corner of which he recognized the same cipher he had seen on the handkerchief which had nearly caused him and aramis to cut each other ’ s throat . , then ? ” name , for i should be vain if i could suppose that after five years of absence you would remember my initials . ” and answer , and the horses galloped off . sir , ’ said haydée , drawing from under her veil a satin <unk> highly perfumed ; ‘ for here is	91.42832946777344
the register of my birth , signed by my father and his principal officers , and that of my baptism , my father having consented to my being brought up in my mother ’ s faith , —this latter has been sealed by the grand <unk> of <unk> and epirus ; and lastly ( and perhaps the most important ) , the record of the sale of my person and that of my mother to the armenian merchant el-kobbir , by the french officer , who , in his infamous bargain with the porte , had reserved as his part of the <unk> the wife and daughter of his benefactor , whom he sold for the sum of four hundred thousand <unk> ’ a greenish pallor spread over	109.26182556152344
the count ’ s cheeks , and his eyes became bloodshot at these terrible <unk> , which were listened to by the assembly with ominous silence . startled by a noise as if a tumult were approaching . it is one of my friends who loves <unk> athos , this gentleman here . ” fernand who betrayed , sold , and murdered his benefactor , ali ? spoke was the one in which was fixed the loophole by which light was admitted to the chamber . ” said mazarin , “ that you had seen the queen . ” use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever . diamond , withdrew his	100.71326446533203
hand . no one but my god , and that in my prayers . ” d ’ artagnan , “ monseigneur knows very well that her majesty refuses him nothing . ” such an <unk> for music ; it is quite ridiculous for a young lady of fashion . ” much about such a trifle as that ! intend it in my house , under my very eyes ? ” be annoyed if i did not play with him . ” will you get me out of paris ? ” to give me up your sword , count . ” gave some orders in a low voice to one of the horsemen . man was about to relapse into melancholy , “ let us go out , albert	54.088680267333984
, ” said he ; “ a ride in the wood in the phaeton , or on horseback , will refresh you ; we will then return to breakfast , and you shall attend to your affairs , and i to mine . ” , so little believed in paris , respecting roman bandits ; he remembered the adventures that albert de morcerf had related when it was intended that he should marry mademoiselle eugénie . we asked the question , for there is a wounded and dying man who demands the succor of the church . partially obscured by heavy clouds , now and then lit up the muskets of the sentinels , or silvered the walls , the roofs , and the <unk> of the town	88.12518310546875
that charles i. had just surrendered to the parliamentary troops , whilst oxford and <unk> still held out for him in the hopes of coming to some arrangement . told him , resolved to die of hunger . and passed it to athos . her for all she has made you suffer ? ” book , he <unk> with the greatest care all the entries of the amounts he had just paid away . the latter , “ am i no longer at liberty to receive whom i choose in my house ? ” said albert , “ i assure you madame de morcerf speaks freely to me , and if you have not felt those sympathetic fibres of which i spoke just now <unk> within you ,	103.61249542236328
you must be entirely devoid of them , for during the last four days we have spoken of no one else . ” d ’ artagnan , “ no noise . sometimes , too , think of me , and if at certain hours you should miss me , if you should feel any slight regret at my absence , i shall be overwhelmed with joy at the thought that you appreciate my affection for and my devotion to yourself , and that i have been able to prove them to you whilst i had the happiness of living with you . ” intention was to go out without speaking to the worthy mercer ; but the latter made so polite and friendly a salutation that his tenant	97.20932006835938
felt obliged , not only to stop , but to enter into conversation with him . so astonishing in that language ? ” said milady , smiling . the baroness . longer aware , ” continued anne , giving that sweet expression to her voice which she could do at will , “ that in former days the queen had once need of a young , brave and devoted <unk> she found this <unk> that , although he might have thought that she had forgotten him , she had kept a place for him in the depths of her heart ? ” , my dear m. mouston ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . was a prisoner . at the spot whence the noise had proceeded , and	54.110801696777344
then restraining their horses , they advanced cautiously . same man returned in the same carriage , which , instead of stopping this time at the end of the rue férou , drove up to the green door . young man had turned around ; indeed , morrel saw with surprise that the men who had brought him had left without being paid , or uttering a word . dice with a trembling hand , and turned up the number three ; his paleness terrified athos , who , however , consented himself with saying , “ that ’ s a sad throw , comrade ; you will have the horses fully equipped , monsieur . ” armchairs , adorned with a carved shield , on which were	93.39324188232422
engraved the <unk> of france on an azure field , evidently came from the louvre , or , at least , some royal residence . and <unk> that monte cristo assumed a pitying air towards him . , threw the bridle on his servant ’ s arms , and joined them . a manner impossible to describe . morrel , whose uneasiness was increased by this examination , “ you wish to speak to me ? ” at the château d ’ if ? ” said the captain . make you the offer , my dear d ’ artagnan , giving you all the time necessary for <unk> me such a trifle . ” marble forehead , and his hand , under his coat , tore his breast	57.94139099121094
. . he , “ you will go with all speed to london . you , to us ! ’ said she . of m. rochefort , whom he had seen in notre dame ; could de rochefort have forestalled him with athos ? . in deep thought when some one touched him on the shoulder . scarcely knowing what to think , but as he was a youth who did not easily lose his head , while continuing to pay his court to milady , he had framed a little plan in his mind . at noon in whitehall place to see how things went on . make my observations , or the frenchman will transact his business without my knowing the sum . ” ; they	109.10620880126953
can even explain the marvellous by an algebraic calculation they have invented ; but i , who only understand my own figures , know nothing more than that one day these figures deceived me . diamonds , my master , ” said athos , disdainfully . ascertain the name of the piece to be played that night at the teatro argentina , and also what <unk> appeared in it . silently as he had entered and appeared in a few minutes bringing the dress demanded . hand held out to him , and kissed it ardently . to the lowest degree , has his place on the social ladder , and is <unk> by stormy passions and conflicting interests , as in <unk> ’ theory of pressure and	181.7069091796875
<unk> . the gascon . turn , monsieur le chevalier . ” ? ” to that horse , athos . ” in the performance of my duty . ” make us ! the leader in a whisper , “ god bless his majesty ! ” and all these men , who had entered enraged , passed from anger to pity and blessed the royal infant in their turn . redistributing project gutenberg™ electronic works ornamented with magnificent fruits , which <unk> at the beginning of july in the artificial <unk> which takes the place of the sun , so frequently absent in our climate . motionless ; he felt that some great and unforeseen misfortune hung over his head . said he , “ know anything of this	79.89871215820312
young lady ’ s illness ? ” the <unk> we have seen bonacieux undergo . very sure ! ” of you , don ’ t go off your head . the emperor is at this moment on the way to grenoble ; on the 10th or <unk> he will be at lyons , and on the 20th or 25th at paris . ” fit of apoplexy , and he might be saved if he could but be bled ! ” , on the ground floor , that d ’ artagnan and porthos were confined , suffering interminable hours of imprisonment in a manner suitable to each different temperament . athos , “ would be quite another thing ; and we should <unk> see land until we were upon	86.4890365600586
the other side of the <unk> . ” and shrubs rose in the centre , and masked a portion of the front ; around this <unk> two alleys , like two arms , extended right and left , and formed a <unk> from the iron gates to a double portico , on every step of which stood a porcelain vase , filled with flowers . felton , and you will have saved my honor ! ” cristo surrounds me with every paternal care , and i am ignorant of nothing which passes in the world . aramis , when they were alone , “ what do you think of this business , my dear count ? ” a happy and merry life to you . room ; on	74.5542984008789
perceiving him beauchamp stopped . his pocket , signed to a keeper whom he saw through the window of the wicket . commands . live in the times of the great emperor , we live in the times of the cardinal ; and three days hence , however well the secret might be guarded , it would be known , i say , that we were to fight , and our combat would be prevented . sword and marched as <unk> guard . was given to <unk> , breathless , <unk> ; we thought it dead . ” in my house ! ” cried villefort . about the room like a man beside himself , <unk> and half drawing his sword out of the scabbard . tapestry opened	76.90187072753906
noiselessly and a man in black silently advanced and stood behind the chair on which mazarin sat . had not much reason to complain of your fortune in your contest with him . ” experiment a third time , but by this time pistache ’ s patience was exhausted ; he threw himself furiously upon the cane , <unk> it from the hands of the prince and broke it with his teeth . whose whole fortune is staked on one cast of the die , experience the anguish which edmond felt in his paroxysms of hope . , indeed . shudder and the same moment the drops became a crimson <unk> . against both . he . the cardinal , sighing , “ i believed myself secure from	122.72686767578125
such a suspicion . ” you all . , if you please , m. fernand mondego , vicomte de morcerf ; i never allow them from my enemies , and therefore shall not put up with them from my friends . ” said andrea with a triumphant smile , “ since i am accepted . toward the city . foundation that _le messager_ yesterday announced the flight of don carlos and the revolt of barcelona . on a very interesting topic , beauchamp . ” , whom i like so much to see , especially where he now is , and you , monsieur d ’ artagnan , opposite to me . ” arm , which fell back by its own weight , perfectly inanimate and helpless .	86.11529541015625
” cried the same voice , impatiently whilst d ’ artagnan perceived that they had rushed to the horses ’ heads . while defending himself , had manoeuvred so as to reach the secret door by which cromwell had left , had felt for the knob with his left hand , pressed it and disappeared . place in my house , though they now occupy the public mind , will be forgotten in time , or if , indeed , a few enemies should persist in remembering them , why then i will add them to my list of crimes . as well take mousqueton . , ” said porthos ; “ i feel some need of it . ” , ” cried the cardinal to the equestrian	93.161865234375
; “ i see plainly that , notwithstanding the <unk> years that have passed over your head , you are still the same man , active and zealous . an arm-chair . day in his quarters , assigning as a reason to himself that the weather was bad . , and that she had freed her from that prison ; and the letter he had received from the young woman , and her passage along the road of chaillot like an apparition , were now explained . an effort ; i attempted to cry out . ’ artagnan that will come . ” for a while will be again stretched forth to save me at the very moment when i shall think myself sinking into the abyss .	98.69462585449219
disinterred the box ; then , that it might not be known i had done so , i filled up the hole , threw the spade over the wall , and rushed through the door , which i double-locked , carrying off the key . ” here with me . ” , but it appears to me that that name is familiar to me . ” ” he replied , “ i alighted at the hotel de madrid , in the rue de <unk> . ” man from the hotel de rohan , who was saying to him : my wife ! care of going alone to visit the comte de la fere , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ for the count must be furious .	30.490238189697266
” count of monte cristo is one of those fishermen . the sultan , he was proscribed and put to death by treachery in 1822 , at the age of <unk> . ” demanded the host . door of his mansion , and beheld his carriage drawn by the very pair of horses he had so much admired in the morning as the property of danglars . besides , i am the person punished , as that <unk> horsedealer has robbed me of fifty louis , at least . ’ s gracious manner . yesterday about escaping , you <unk> me so that i dreamed that i was trying to escape and broke my neck in doing so . ” had no letter of credit , as he	86.91561126708984
lived at florence , and had only come to rome to pass seven or eight days ; he had brought but a hundred louis , and of these he had not more than fifty left . ” the queen , almost suffocated by emotion ; “ mistaken ! to be shot in a box . ” . up to d ’ artagnan . , ” said he . needs one thing more to make him happy . ’ ” essential , was to warn charles stuart of the attempt to be made , so that he might assist his <unk> as much as possible , or at least do nothing to <unk> their efforts . example you have set me , and which i intend following . said	63.470584869384766
athos , first breaking the silence , “ d ’ artagnan has given us an excellent program , and the letter must be written at once . ” fifth whom they carried away wounded . ” it was an <unk> of four <unk> inhabitants of yanina , proving that colonel fernand mondego , in the service of ali tepelini , had surrendered the castle for two million crowns . the handkerchief tied at each corner , whilst d ’ artagnan , ever cautious , remained on horseback , one hand upon his pistol , leaning forward <unk> . silence and with precision . gift , but is inherited from my relations . ” ; you have an account open with messrs. thomson & french , via <unk> <unk>	143.2462615966797
, rome ; give me a draft for 4,998 louis on these gentlemen , and our banker shall take it . ” in much disorder ; i am not much of a hand at figures , so that i live almost from hand to mouth . ” ” said athos , who never used <unk> and <unk> but upon very particular occasions , “ what has happened ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ it ’ s quite clear that the king and his escort have been by here . ” madame , i have made over to him the estate of bragelonne , my inheritance , which will give him ten thousand francs a year and the title of vicomte . ” the next time i see	81.69994354248047
him . ” and 200 more besides . of safety , there only remained la rochelle . said the count , pointing to the window . the soldier , tenacious in his <unk> ; “ he has foretold many things which have come to pass ; for instance , that the queen would have a son ; that monsieur coligny would be killed in a duel with the duc de guise ; and finally , that the coadjutor would be made cardinal . his feet , asked his pardon and held him back with a sweet violence . ” of normandy , ” replied the queen , “ i think i can promise ; but with regard to the present , the cardinal is always telling me there	67.98570251464844
is no more money in the royal coffers . ” he was incapable of defending me ; but as he could serve us in other ways , i wished to inform him . ” ” said the sailor , “ i have a better opinion than you of women in general , and of mercédès in particular ; and i am certain that , captain or not , she will remain ever faithful to me . ” , and it has continued to increase during the last fifteen years , till extraordinary and unexpected catastrophes have suddenly overturned it , —without any fault of mine , i can honestly declare . seated himself again and wrote a letter , which he secured with his special seal . with	103.96292877197266
some pleasure by danglars , and restored him to some degree of tranquillity . , don ’ t you ? ” one day walking toward the church of st. leu , and followed him instinctively . , and received with enthusiasm , when fortunately eleven o ’ clock struck . i have laid aside even the name of my father , and altogether <unk> his political principles . should be sulky with us for having captured the stuart , for whom , i hope , you ’ re preparing a pretty trial . ” words in a foreign tongue . ’ artagnan should find alone the staircase and the little chamber . and found d ’ artagnan already on horseback , and growing impatient . , but she	104.14437866210938
did not return . ’ artagnan , who , thanks to his four trusses of straw , was in the act of making up and tasting , by anticipation , the luxury of a bed so soft , so well stuffed at the head , so well covered at the foot , that it would have excited the envy of the king himself , if his majesty had not been fast asleep in his own . pope , has made him a knight of jesus christ for the services he rendered to the christians in the east ; he has five or six rings as testimonials from eastern monarchs of his services . ” plan of attack against the cardinal . know where the duchesse de chevreuse and	98.02099609375
the duke of buckingham are now concealed ? ” lord , ” said the mendicant in a hoarse voice . the simple fact . they worth ? ’ ” perhaps the result of chance ; but they might be the fruits of a plot . guilty , sire , the guilty shall be placed in your majesty ’ s hands , who will dispose of them at your good pleasure . retired . entered the chamber , and demanded what was to be done . various articles he had left behind him , put the black cravat and blue frock-coat at the bottom of the portmanteau , threw the hat into a dark closet , broke the cane into small bits and flung it in the fire ,	73.79401397705078
put on his <unk> , and calling his valet , checked with a look the thousand questions he was ready to ask , paid his bill , sprang into his carriage , which was ready , learned at lyons that bonaparte had entered grenoble , and in the midst of the tumult which prevailed along the road , at length reached marseilles , a prey to all the hopes and fears which enter into the heart of man with ambition and its first successes . his eyes and looked in astonishment at these strangers , who appeared to pity him . besides the packet , captain leclere confided a letter to his care . ” door partly open enabled him to see his road , and to hear	150.6453399658203
the voice of one in sorrow . muttered to himself , “ this changes the situation , and if there is still a crowd of people in the streets we will try to show mazarin that we are still , thank god , good for something else than keeping guard over a prisoner ; ” and he jumped into the carriage with the <unk> of a man of five-and-twenty . , but porthos held him tight and passed him to d ’ artagnan , who seized him by the neck and made him sit down by him ; then in a menacing tone , he said : so exhausted , that he had fallen back upon a chair . left alone with the woman whom the baron had	64.36019897460938
summoned to her assistance she opened her eyes . joy , so rich and full of thought , that the physician was struck . said aramis , “ makes our belief in them a law ; the ghost of <unk> appeared to <unk> , and it is an article of faith that i should be very sorry to see any doubt thrown upon , porthos . ” , ” murmured the young lady with the velvet eyes . perhaps , ” suggested athos , “ whom they have pardoned at the price of <unk> . ” ” returned franz , “ your answer is sublime , and worthy the ‘ <unk> him <unk> , ’ of <unk> , only , when horace made that answer , the safety	78.29454803466797
of rome was concerned ; but , as for us , it is only to gratify a whim , and it would be ridiculous to risk our lives for so foolish a motive . ” ” that , he was <unk> for so prompt a departure ; but raoul was so happy that this reflection effaced everything else from the consideration of his guardian . it , porthos , ” said aramis . long time ; all three have left the service . ” honor , ” he said , advancing toward d ’ artagnan ; “ and i am truly pleased to meet you . ” , his two auditors , accompanied by the host , fell upon d ’ artagnan with sticks , shovels and tongs	64.35406494140625
. infernal influence ; but i will save him . he who watches while i sleep , who labors while i amuse myself , who <unk> everything at home and <unk> france as in europe ? ” is well guarded , then . he , “ you well know . ” and bound , was placed upon the hearth , the fire of which had been previously extinguished by the two friends . literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state ’ s laws . a louis each , make four hundred louis . ” rang at the door . in almost all the secrets of the court , which reflected such a charming gravity over her pleasing	121.20513153076172
features , it might be surmised that she was not wholly unmoved ; and this is an irresistible charm to novices in love . friend , look upon all i tell you as merely the statement of a <unk> a man who resembles an <unk> simply what he hears . a sleep . ” continued the procureur , in that cold and decisive tone which seemed at once to <unk> all discussion , “ will , we are sure , meet with your approbation . ” me ! ” cried anne , with that disdainful curl of the lips peculiar to her , “ i believe that you are yourself interrogating . ” ? _ ” work on the monarchy of italy ! ” exclaimed villefort , stepping	91.15899658203125
back fearfully , “ surely that is not the voice of the abbé busoni ! ” returned franz , “ you have guessed it . ” to-day as they did yesterday we shall have the honor , then , of seeing them in half an hour ? ” ; for they well knew what those propositions were , to whom they had been made and who had made them . ! no order of the kind , but on the contrary began to be insinuating . that ’ s it , friend . ” the cardinal , “ are you a d ’ artagnan from béarn ? ” humility or great pride , ” said monte cristo . ! ” replied the gascon . remarkable beauty . ”	53.781551361083984
you bear this personal ill-feeling , then ? ” said morcerf , turning pale with anger . by the faith of a gentleman ! ” said d ’ artagnan , with an accent so <unk> that no one could mistake it . i wholly comprehend your disappointment . you i had had that dream ? of different persons done with the right hand <unk> , that performed with the left hand is invariably uniform . ” tréville , “ it is a sad thing that in the unfortunate times in which we live , the purest life , the most incontestable virtue , can not exempt a man from infamy and persecution . the dirty rag could be ; i alone suspected that it was the waistcoat of	97.4823989868164
the murdered man . the plan was unfolded to him for leaving elba , the projected landing , <unk> . that of bracieux , an estate which has been a barony , by my troth . ” , and have made out the accusation against the assassin benedetto . of meung , described the unknown gentleman with the greatest minuteness , and all with a warmth and truthfulness that delighted m. de tréville . he cried , seizing juxon ’ s hands , “ where is providence ? , who had nothing of the woman about her , recalled awful remembrances . prince ? ” ’ clock . i <unk> . ” think this cousin pays her attentions ? ” grating that guarded the royal <unk> and stood	124.66209411621094
on the <unk> step , whilst athos and raoul descended . himself in there . . ” , but that is seven or eight years ago , and i have forgotten them . ” to his family , ” said d ’ artagnan . the bell they hastened into the corso by the via <unk> . on horseback turned slowly and with a lofty air , and the two travelers could see , displayed in all their brilliancy , the large eyes , the <unk> visage , and the eloquent smile <unk> . , it is because many misfortunes have clouded it ; if my heart be petrified , it is that it might sustain the blows it has received . my dream of resembling the retired baker	80.61115264892578
! villefort ? ” by the side of his mother ’ s bed . death , remained some instants with his ear bent and listening ; then , when the sound was quite extinct , he breathed like a man awaking from a dream , and rushed out of the apartment . calmly scrutinized the various countenances around them , as though demanding some one person who would take upon himself the responsibility of what they deemed excessive impertinence ; but as no one responded to the challenge , the friends turned again to the front of the theatre , and affected to busy themselves with the stage . above the glazed opening of the ceiling , casting a strong light into my chamber ; and i perceived	106.22740936279297
with terror that a man was standing within a few paces of me . you should go there . ” that you charged by the side of mordaunt . ” the cardinal ; still dressed with <unk> care , his hair well arranged and curled , his person perfumed , he looked , owing to his extreme taste in dress , only half his age . you did not cut your serpent in two morsels ? ” that this was the first time they had ever seen him give up an enterprise , or even delay in its execution . advancing several steps to meet him . beaufort can contrive to <unk> himself into a little bird , i will continue <unk> for him . ” full information	110.33484649658203
concerning my arrival ? ” with pistoles . brilliant , ” answered the count . , sir , ” replied comminges ; “ at first , like you , he seemed distressed ; but when he heard that the cardinal was going to pay him a visit this very <unk> ” , now ! ” said caderousse ; “ and i did not recognize them ! she had run away at the moment of her master ’ s arrest . see . ” exclaimed porthos . it in my room , ” she said . being alone , struck a light and lighted a small bit of tinder , mounted his horse and stopped at the door in the midst of the soldiers . your trunks . ”	36.443843841552734
fact that a very unfavorable construction would have been put upon the circumstance if the two women had gone without escort , while the addition of a third , in the person of her mother ’ s admitted lover , enabled mademoiselle danglars to defy malice and <unk> . and by the faith of a gentleman , i bought it with the contents of my own purse , ” answered he whom they designated by the name porthos . you must really be a very strange and superior man , for my mother is so absorbed by the interest you have excited , that when i am with her she speaks of no one else . ” you are , and do not exhaust yourselves with useless fatigue	118.99356842041016
. has gone in . ” , ” added aramis ; “ but you must not think of that , athos ; what is past , is past . ” my dear count , i feel that you are right . ” frightened by the change in her countenance . entrance to the enclosure , and was not long in finding a little wooden gate , working on willow hinges , and fastened with a nail and string . . he , “ is a proof of my satisfaction . ” fowl . ” , madame , ” replied monte cristo , smiling ; “ in a week i shall have left this country , where so many persons who merit the vengeance of heaven lived happily ,	51.887718200683594
while my father perished of hunger and grief . ” but obeyed , with the sublime confidence he had in his friend . are mad , on my honor , ’ replied m. de villefort ; ‘ they fancy that their countryman is still emperor . porthos ; “ we shall pass an agreeable evening . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , wasting his strength in useless efforts . . ” another sword ? ” asked porthos . s name ! ” cried comminges . burn , as they say at the game of <unk> . was to take place after her morning ’ s “ <unk> , ” at which , in accordance with his rights of birth , he was entitled to be present	72.65296173095703
. more , stood erect , and while monte cristo was completing his disguise had advanced straight to the secretaire , whose lock was beginning to crack under his nightingale . ” said franz , “ i have a very great inclination to judge for myself of the truth or exaggeration of your <unk> . ” well enough , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ but where and how to meet with her ? ” frightful . ” ” said comminges ; “ the order is strict and must be put into execution this instant . ” a servant to go before franz with a light . we have had a good dinner ; and i , for my part , have a somewhat hazardous expedition for	73.72303771972656
this evening , and shall not be sorry , i confess , to fortify myself with a few glasses of good old burgundy . ” ” he said to his companion , who had just come in after his round with d ’ artagnan , “ are you thirsty ? ” he had spoken . for ? ” <unk> of athos , porthos , and aramis . andrea proposed making money of his diamonds ; and by uniting the proceeds to ten bank-notes he always carried about with him in case of accident , he would then find himself possessor of about 50,000 livres , which he philosophically considered as no very deplorable condition after all . and , strange as it was , in spite of the	88.29183197021484
emotions he felt at the sight of these tears , he looked also at madame de villefort , and it appeared to him as if a slight gloomy smile had passed over her thin lips , like a meteor seen passing <unk> between two clouds in a stormy sky . from now ? ” continued on their way and athos and aramis dismounted . that <unk> is he ? ” said aramis , on seeing them arrive . things ! ” said porthos . to reply to that ! ” and the man in the red cloak came forward in his turn . . made a mistake , monsieur , that i had arrested the wrong person , and that he whom i ought to have arrested had	67.63268280029297
escaped . ” reddened by the burning sun , was seen against the azure sky . ” draw a physical or moral portrait of grimaud ; if , as we hope , our readers have not wholly forgotten the first part of this work , they must have preserved a clear idea of that estimable individual , who is wholly unchanged , except that he is twenty years older , an advance in life that has made him only more silent ; although , since the change that had been working in himself , athos had given grimaud permission to speak . of your majesty and your private seal . ” , then , from monsieur des essarts ? ” asked porthos . word , my lord .	102.4996109008789
” surprise me , ” said d ’ artagnan , in a low tone to porthos , “ that mazarin would have been much better satisfied had i crushed the life out of his councillor . ” propose so doing , ” answered de bragelonne . ” answered mousqueton ; “ but permit me to say i see nothing laughable in it . which is to a woman what perfume is to the flower and flavor to the fruit , for the beauty of either is not the only quality we seek . ” out a bundle of papers . ’ s . ” her love , humbled her in her pride , thwarted her in her ambition ; and now he ruins her fortune , <unk> her	81.60513305664062
of liberty , and even threatens her life . ” cried athos , “ be men ! the other side ! of his carbine against his left hand . said he . ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ was not a man . ” more kindly used than on the previous day , stopped at arras at four o ’ clock in the evening . they gave him the portmanteau ; then the two young girls , having told him to take it to no . ye , ” they cried , allowing it to pass . all the garden two or three times to find the famous spring , and , being unsuccessful , he will soon purchase all the contiguous houses . ’ said luigi	58.71102523803711
, drawing back his hand ; ‘ i render a service , i do not sell it . ’ ? astonished to find myself alive and even unhurt ; a third of the squadron were lying on the ground , wounded , dead or dying . ! the ceremony , and madame de villefort had also written to beg the count to excuse her not inviting him ; the death of m. de saint-méran and the dangerous illness of his widow would cast a gloom over the meeting which she would regret should be shared by the count whom she wished every happiness . of that visit ? ” cardinal ? ” for the only thing for which i could be arrested is still unknown to your eminence	86.5189437866211
. ” makes my flesh crawl . shade of the garden , and your son disappeared in pursuit of the peacock . ” ” “ you , dear mamma ? ” exclaimed m. de villefort and valentine at the same time . his strange story : see anything more , sir ? ” said the concierge . whisper , “ you understand that , on account of your uncle , m. policar morrel , who served under the _other_ government , and who does not altogether conceal what he thinks on the subject , you are strongly suspected of regretting the abdication of napoleon . we have just described , namely towards five o ’ clock in the afternoon of the day fixed for the signature of the	74.8673324584961
contract between mademoiselle eugénie danglars and andrea cavalcanti , whom the banker persisted in calling prince , a fresh breeze was <unk> the leaves in the little garden in front of the count of monte cristo ’ s house , and the count was preparing to go out . excellency . ” you confess , you are jealous ? ” ; provided he can get money out of the people , that is all he wants . ” the count , “ the world , unjust as it is , will be pleased with your resolution ; your friends will be proud of you , and m. d ’ épinay , even if he took mademoiselle de villefort without any dowry , which he will not do ,	53.4178466796875
would be delighted with the idea of entering a family which could make such sacrifices in order to keep a promise and fulfil a duty . ” shall have nothing to fear . ” ” said the commissary with his inflexible voice , “ of having assassinated the man named caderousse , his former companion in prison , at the moment he was making his escape from the house of the count of monte cristo . ” of the room without either embracing his mother or even bowing to the cardinal . of biscuit , a gun , powder , and balls , to kill the kids or defend myself at need , and a pickaxe , that i may build a shelter if you delay in coming	83.44193267822266
back for me . ” they were carried off instantly , and had not even time to tell me why ; but as soon as they were gone i found this broken <unk> , as i was helping to raise two dead men and five or six wounded ones . ” had seduced the son of the jailer , and escaped . even turning toward him who made these hypocritical pretensions , crossed the cabinet , opened the door for herself and passing through the midst of the cardinal ’ s numerous guards , courtiers eager to pay homage , the luxurious show of a <unk> royalty , she went and took the hand of de winter , who stood apart in isolation . duke . you .	105.48506164550781
the count , “ have the other fish brought <unk> sterlet and the <unk> which came in the other casks , and which are yet alive . ” coadjutor , “ you are avaricious , my good fellow . ” all , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ let no one move . commission , and promised to have these secret places completed by the next day , dantès furnishing the dimensions and plan in accordance with which they were to be constructed . and she is one of the greatest in her country too . ” to milady ’ s mind was that she had been betrayed by kitty , and that she had recounted to the baron the selfish aversion toward himself of which she	73.66151428222656
had imprudently allowed some marks to escape before her servant . within the hour that he had <unk> the name of god . not tell him just now that you wanted money ? , i feel most grateful for your kindness , but i got out of my travelling carriage at your door this morning , and i am ignorant how i am installed in paris , which i scarcely know ; this is but a trifling <unk> , i know , but one that may be appreciated . ” a knife , covered with rust , and two letters , one of which was stained with blood , alone met his gaze . but not more at his <unk> i saw at this time he was in	89.86749267578125
constant dread of edmond ’ s <unk> was very anxious to get his wife away , and to depart himself . ” quite innocent of the treason charged against the general . ” , i shall be obliged to fetch a second grimaud ! ” him . but madame has not conciliated that little woman he was so fond of . ” , ” said he , “ it is all the better if you are in difficulties . ” the abbé . ” said he . that went on about you from the time when you were three years old ? ” said albert . to be exercised . is not given , as you have done for the last six months , out of pure christian	49.06472396850586
charity ; that would be too grand . ! ” exclaimed mazarin . s evident where the count got the name . ” me. ” the doctor flew to his patient . were started , athos knew all the noble families of the kingdom , their <unk> , their alliances , their coats of arms , and the origin of them . the cavalier with a soft voice . ? ” asked he of the count , with as much indifference as he could assume . comprehended all to the fullest extent , he replied that he was a royalist . and the governor is asleep . said monte cristo . , then , comes the axiom that if you visit to discover the author of any bad	81.1272201538086
action , seek first to discover the person to whom the <unk> of that bad action could be in any way advantageous . lose time ; you are the subject on which i wish to speak . ” excellent opium , which i fetched myself from <unk> in order to have it pure , and the best hashish which grows in the <unk> is , between the <unk> and the <unk> . who could if i could not , ” said caderousse . aramis and porthos is treated of franz , totally <unk> her raillery , “ i asked you a short time since if you knew any particulars respecting the <unk> lady opposite ; i must now beseech you to inform me who and what is her	106.0116958618164
husband ? ” reflections when the goldsmith entered . face with a sergeant commanding a <unk> . ” said the king , “ cease your tears . ” something might have happened at the pavilion in his absence , and that fresh information awaited him . sometimes we were stopped for want of money , and but for that diamond , which i was obliged to sell , we should have remained on the road . ” it is her majesty ’ s . ” time he required to prepare his defence . , as we have said , was an italian , was called il signor giacomo busoni . what had become of felton . the count , “ you should not look on the graves ,	67.0458755493164
but there ; ” and he pointed upwards . ! ” said d ’ artagnan , taking his friend by the hand . temples , his eyes became dim ; he saw from what <unk> the ferocious hopes of the young man arose , and he put his hand to the hilt of his sword . birth of andrea <unk> your son ; is not his name andrea ? ” hurry to join you and took the road you had already gone by . exclamation of surprise and indignation . ” said d ’ artagnan , holding out his hand to receive the money . rather face your majesty , however threatening your smile , than face those demons who accompanied me hither and who sprung from i	78.6919937133789
know not whence , unless from deepest hell . ” that , because the signature seemed to me so strange . ” i know nothing about them ; i have never seen her . ” to defend the king ? ” true , ” said aramis . to be at liberty on that beach ! , then , in half an hour , baron , and valentine will be ready . ” ” said albert , passing his hand across his eyes , “ i know she would ; but better so than die of shame . ” was at last disturbed by the slight rustling of silk , and d ’ artagnan started when he perceived the tapestry raised by a white hand , which , by	52.27924728393555
its form , its color and its beauty he recognized as that royal hand which had one day been presented to him to kiss . the count . unhappy being , who , concealed behind the damask curtain , almost felt mercédès dress brush past him , and his son ’ s warm breath , pronouncing these words : the anteroom and found the staircase , which , being <unk> , prevented his approach being heard , and he had regained that degree of confidence that the presence of m. de villefort even would not have alarmed him . has sent you some as from us ? ” de luynes , raoul , and ask if the duchess can receive you . diamond in your possession , sir	124.20722961425781
? ’ artagnan ! ” cried the novice , in her turn seizing the hands of milady and devouring her with her eyes . aramis ; “ we have still a word to say to these gentlemen . ” sounded a <unk> and all the officers of the royalist army , mingling momentarily with the parisian troops , ran to him . ascending the steps which led to her room . . questions inspire less mistrust than masters , and meet with more sympathy among those to whom they address themselves . , certainly , ” replied the count ; “ but tell me , does the count of morcerf never visit the opera ? , —they may be hidden , but they never close ; always painful	98.07518768310547
, always ready to bleed when touched , they remain fresh and open in the heart . brother . nine others , that would be thirteen days <unk> days , during which so many important events might pass in london . great matter that was under discussion , connected with a vessel laden with turkey carpets , stuffs of the <unk> , and <unk> . ? ” is my most intimate friend , and m. de château-renaud has also the honor of his acquaintance . ” they , “ we have promised to deliver scotland and england from him who for the last five-and-twenty years has sucked the blood and gold of scotland and england . you had made me forget all that , dear constance ! monsieur	146.92434692382812
le chevalier , if ever i am <unk> ” ” murmured she ; “ i am lost ! the way , ” and he went in first . the interview we have just detailed , madame de villefort had gone to visit m. noirtier . porthos , “ saddle vulcan and bayard . ” garden , and that cottage , a dark mist enveloped with its folds that immensity where paris <unk> vast void from which glittered a few luminous points , the funeral stars of that hell ! such authority over his companions that he was almost like a commander on board ; and as his orders were always clear , distinct , and easy of execution , his comrades obeyed him with celerity and pleasure .	137.05999755859375
times round the place royale , turning at every ten steps to look at the light in milady ’ s apartment , which was to be seen through the blinds . had even hidden your <unk> from your husband , who has but the commencement of the <unk> generally husbands _will_ not <unk> would then have been but a faint imitation of most of your friends among the women of the world . . there surprising in that ? derived a new importance from the ruin of the other <unk> cities , was , then , the focus of dissensions and ambition . to furnish me with the address of both fernand and danglars , in order that i may execute edmond ’ s last wishes . ”	107.81163787841797
quartered , i hope . ” athos ; “ and <unk> ” choir and behind the gratings opening into the convent was assembled the whole community of the carmelites , who listened to the divine service , and mingled their chant with the chant of the priests , without seeing the profane , or being seen by them . , ” returned the count , smiling , “ that you played a sufficiently important part to know as well as myself what happened . ” door and called out to a waiter to desire madeleine to come upstairs . dear friend , ” said aramis , “ follow your own career . they brought me the <unk> . ” down the plan of campaign , ” said porthos	70.21778869628906
. oliver , with a slight curl of his lip , “ i forgot that every service merits some reward and that up to this moment you have not been paid . ” you play , too , when you are on guard ? ” d ’ artagnan found a letter from m. de tréville , which informed him that , at his request , the king had promised that he should enter the company of the musketeers . , with the exception of his white tie , and his funeral appearance was only <unk> by the slight line of red ribbon which passed almost imperceptibly through his button-hole , and appeared like a streak of blood traced with a delicate brush . me ; i made the	76.42124938964844
tenant sign the deed of <unk> , and when i had obtained what i so much wanted , i galloped to auteuil . faria was giving instructions to dantès , <unk> which were to serve him when he was at liberty . from him ! ” sought to control himself . my liberty , after having deprived me of death , after having recalled me to existence , my god , have pity on me , and do not let me die in despair ! ” ! ’ i ’ faith , the <unk> word is out . ” château-renaud ; “ you are the first man i ever met sufficiently courageous to preach <unk> . this ? ” ” said monte cristo , rising from the bench	97.10309600830078
on which he had been sitting ; “ even , ” he added in an <unk> voice , “ even that the procureur be not dead . are frequently too dark and mysterious to be easily penetrated . in the midst of the most profound silence ; the <unk> took their seats ; m. de villefort , the object of unusual attention , and we had almost said of general admiration , sat in the armchair and cast a tranquil glance around him . acquaintance , had been on all points so rational and <unk> , so wonderfully sagacious , in fact , that he could not understand how so much wisdom on all points could be allied with madness . replied d ’ artagnan , pulling out	87.02542877197266
his treasure from his pocket , and placing it on the table . carry it along with those of these gentlemen . ” into the room . friend , to himself ! ” indian . ” said aramis . mazarin , almost choked , and clasping his hands ; “ i am a lost and ruined man ! ” d ’ artagnan , without doubt . return to the world still more brilliant because of your former sorrows ; and if i am wrong , still let me cherish these hopes , for i have no future to look forward to . our project ? ” , notwithstanding , ” replied the young man , with an artlessness wholly free from affectation ; “ tell her some fine	60.62137985229492
morning an unheard-of piece of <unk> telegraphic despatch , of which you alone are in possession ; for instance , that henri iv . the old man should express his approbation by closing his eyes , his refusal by winking them several times , and if he had some desire or feeling to express , he raised them to heaven . a compact with you ; and in virtue of that compact put to flight the police who had arrested your wife , and has placed her beyond reach . ” which you <unk> understand chemistry , madame . his name , and learning that it was porthos , and not d ’ artagnan , he assisted him to rise , brought him back to the hôtel ,	138.73944091796875
mounted his horse , and disappeared . ” make you pay for keeping this terrible secret ? to send to albert the following particulars , as the events had transpired after the messenger ’ s departure ; namely , that the same day a great agitation was manifest in the house of peers among the usually calm members of that dignified assembly . monte cristo , with the most gentlemanly air , “ ’ tis not for such trifling sums as these that your <unk> house is to be incommoded . custom , the <unk> took place . useless . of m. and madame de saint-méran . ” , ” replied the sentry , “ i do not know ; for the last hour i have not heard	78.70415496826172
him stir . ” , assured by the answering signal that all was well , soon came in sight , white and silent as a phantom , and cast anchor within a cable ’ s length of shore . ? ” said he . ” you , ” cried the soldier , and he expired amid horrible tortures . no , then ? ” of that strange adventure , ” interrupted madame de chevreuse . peppino of his friend . the duc de beaufort to himself , “ every man in order that he may lose his heart and soul , must receive from celestial <unk> one of the seven capital sins , perhaps two ; it seems that master la ramee ’ s is <unk> . feet	90.21023559570312
high ; this man is scarcely five . ” ” replied d ’ artagnan . ? ” must be horribly bored , and have my sympathy . ” those three elements when i am no longer present to combine them ? made from the second pressing of the grape . villefort retired to his study , at eight m. d ’ avrigny himself arrived , bringing the night draught prepared for the young girl , and then m. noirtier was carried away . the englishman ; “ i am well furnished with such <unk> . ” , “ you only know your dull and gloomy faubourg saint-germain ; do not pay any attention to him , <unk> in the chaussée d ’ antin , that ’ s the	79.03325653076172
real centre of paris . ” ” said gondy . have heard me ; i will have those letters . ” doubt very fine , ” said porthos ; “ but deuce take me if i understand at all . ” and was more moved than irritated by it . maximilian ; “ and what did your father say then , valentine ? ” and we shall overtake him ! ” would have been deceived . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you are insupportable . me to death ; it is men who make you weep . ” and they may have the fact attested whenever they please . ” if it be so , are you ready , albert ? ” this strange familiarity .	54.04917907714844
the avenger was conquered . <unk> day , if you do so , they will <unk> you to destruction , head and crown , too , and then you will not be able to die with a calm conscience , as i die . hastened on . pastrini , ” said franz ; “ but we must have some supper instantly , and a carriage for tomorrow and the following days . ” which says , “ take my advice , don ’ t touch them . ” of mousqueton , ” said grimaud ; and he gave his arm to his old comrade , whose eyes were full of tears , nor could grimaud tell whether the tears were caused by wounds or by the pleasure of	67.7601547241211
seeing him again . i don ’ t know ; i only know that he charged himself on my account with a mission , which he terminated so entirely to my satisfaction , that had i been king , i should have instantly created him knight of all my orders , even had i been able to offer him the golden <unk> and the garter . ” out . ” winter had hastened her departure ; she thought she was condemned to set off that very evening . a man could conceive such an enterprise and still less how he could have the audacity to disclose it to her whose interest and almost duty it was to punish him . these words a rap on the ceiling made	111.31910705566406
her raise her head , and a voice which reached her through the ceiling cried , “ dear madame bonacieux , open for me the little door on the alley , and i will come down to you . ” a loud laugh , which was more frightful than even threats would have been , and he had not ceased when two reports of a pistol were heard ; he had fired them himself , and had killed two men . , since i have found this brave man again in so miraculous a manner . ? ” that i had a mother , that five men leagued against one woman , murdered her <unk> by <unk> cowards . imminent , the rioters came so near , uttering	103.65682220458984
such threats , that the chancellor thought his last hour had come and confessed himself to his brother priest , so as to be all ready to die in case he was discovered . be playing some game or other . ” fee of 20 % of the gross profits you derive from the use of project gutenberg™ works calculated using the method you already use to calculate your applicable taxes . ” impossible ! ” ” replied dantès ; “ my position is not sufficiently elevated for that . i , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ it is i , whom god has sent to watch over you . ” the apartment , he cast around him a scrutinizing <unk> there was nothing to excite	104.38465881347656
suspicion , if it did not exist , or to confirm it , if it were already awakened . are an admirer of paintings , at least i judged so from the attention you appeared to be bestowing on mine when i entered the room . by one forsake the doomed ship even before the vessel weighs anchor , so all the numerous clerks had by degrees deserted the office and the warehouse . , either , ” said the queen . villefort ; at the gate of the cemetery morrel made an excuse to wait ; he saw franz and m. de villefort get into the same <unk> , and thought this meeting <unk> evil . i particularly recommend to your care planchet , the <unk> of	132.90811157226562
monsieur d ’ artagnan . d ’ artagnan ; “ you would do as much , mr . monsieur bernajoux , ” said d ’ artagnan , tranquilly , “ i will wait for you at the door . ” there ? ” warm to walk , ” resumed d ’ artagnan . loosened her hold of the gate , her arms fell by her side , and two large tears rolled down her cheeks . feet from the ground , as the gentlemen below had told him . . ” found him sound and without blemish . drew a paper from a secret drawer in his desk , and wrote at the bottom of the document ( which was no other than his will , made since	48.678489685058594
his arrival in paris ) a sort of codicil , clearly explaining the nature of his death . his own curiosity , entered the gallery ; a second afterwards , monte cristo appeared on the threshold . the <unk> civility of d ’ artagnan , smiled like a man who understands perfectly the reasons given him , and said : his request , and m. de tréville , on receiving it , assured him that by two o ’ clock in the morning the four leaves of absence should be at the respective <unk> of the travelers . appeared with the cardinal at one of the doors of the hall . not mistaken . denote that he had done so . continued she . left hand ; it	56.7232780456543
fit his finger as if made for it . sacrificed for you the baronne de— ” speak french with a very pure accent , ” said danglars . in order , and when the sail was filled , and the four sailors had taken their <unk> forward , and one at the <unk> resumed the conversation . the englishman , laughing , “ i am like my house , and do not do such <unk> , the commission i ask is quite different . ” father of his soldiers . intended , but the <unk> of it little knew whom they had to deal with . of navigation ; he exaggerated to himself the power of milady . heads of those who were not able to enter could	87.71956634521484
be seen , all <unk> to their utmost height to try and see . ” said barrois ; “ i shall go and fetch a notary , <unk> ” and the old servant departed triumphantly on his mission . so beautiful in reality , you , so pure in appearance , must have committed great iniquities for lord de winter to pursue you thus . ” of certain <unk> and fears he may be <unk> ” and the musketeer narrated to his friend planchet ’ s adventure . mousqueton , who freely distributed the trusses at the rate of a louis apiece . would do better still by not going at all . ” <unk> who was gaping at the crows and who had splashed him , aramis	134.54751586914062
with one blow of his fist had <unk> him ten paces . true , ” said d ’ artagnan , in a low tone . it be ? ” till your next swoon ! ” beauchamp , pointing out morrel to debray . , a man of the world and a bon <unk> , up to his eyes in learning , as his pupil described him , often recalled the profound erudition , the witty and <unk> satire of athos to raoul ; but as regarded grace , delicacy , and nobility of external appearance , no one in these points was to be compared to the comte de la fere . cry , not so loud as the first and followed by a long groan . .	89.08989715576172
on villefort ’ s brow ; his legs trembled , and his thoughts flew about <unk> in his brain like the wheels of a disordered watch . ” him , when the carriage was on its way , and the feet of the horses struck a shower of sparks from the pavement . not make a mistake . ” answered porthos , rising on his saddle , in order that he might <unk> the immense crowd , “ there are a lot of them . ” milady . the turnings and windings of this part of the louvre , appropriated for the people of the household . said d ’ artagnan to himself , to whose mind the niece of the theologian reverted , “ _pardieu_ , it	68.58442687988281
would be droll if this belated <unk> should be in search of our friend ’ s house . milady , rising with the majesty of a queen , “ here , felton , behold the new martyrdom invented for a pure young girl , the victim of the brutality of a villain . continued the young man , “ smuggler or not , you must agree , mother dear , as you have seen him , that the count of monte cristo is a remarkable man , who will have the greatest success in the salons of paris . the desolate aspect of the mansion ; descending from the cab , she approached the door with trembling knees , and rang the bell . have taken others ,	73.3541488647461
but there was a great forest to pass through and planchet , as we have seen , had no liking for forests after dark . ? ” valentine held down her head ; she was overwhelmed . speed ; her two <unk> were like two wings with which she <unk> the water like a bird . descendant of <unk> tell , you will straightway get together your clothes which are in my room and which annoy me , and go out quickly to another lodging . ” ” you ? ” i can only repeat the words addressed to you by the abbé busoni . give the abbé <unk> ” ” . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i will have done with her . who could	80.19865417480469
thus philosophically resign hopes so long and ardently <unk> with an astonishment mingled with admiration . a sailor he had recognized there , where another would have seen only a gull hovering over the waves , the sail of a sloop which was directed toward the coast of france . ” cried harrison , regardless of his illustrious captive , “ let us be off . ” days since councillor <unk> remarked at the palace that rebels and <unk> reminded him of <unk> <unk> <unk> from the <unk> round paris , young urchins who run off the moment the constable appears , only to return to their diversion the instant his back is turned . passage by which he was to leave vincennes . i regret ; no	189.53054809570312
, i will never pronounce that sentence , which would not be orthodox . ” that that woman was concerned in the abduction of madame bonacieux . ” a long time to tell him what i think of him . ” the spot at the death of ali pasha . haydée , “ he did not dare to keep us , so we were sold to some <unk> who were going to constantinople . athos , “ are you selling my <unk> <unk> ? that madame de villefort sent to request my presence , as she had a communication to make on which a part of my fortune depended . mass of rocks , that resembled nothing so much as a vast fire petrified at the moment of	55.755767822265625
its most fervent <unk> . any remark , and believed firmly in her daughter ’ s innocence and fidelity to the paternal roof . cried . ll <unk> ’ ll try to contrive some way , ” said andrea . ’ s conveyed a terrible doubt ; it alarmed d ’ artagnan more than a menace would have done , for it was a warning . a man ? ” m. debray , because i have no friends now , and i ought not to have any . moved a step forward , and albert turned towards him . minutes near them and then mingled with the group round madame de chevreuse . to my ancestor by king francis i . said debray . battle , the prince	92.63092803955078
, who had been <unk> de chatillon in the second line , appeared in the midst of the fight ; his eagle eye made him known and his blows proclaimed the hero . for when i had taken out the thread i required , i <unk> the edges over again . ” instantly . ” the thing would take place at the present sitting , and in that same locality ; but the procurator would listen to nothing , he would be taken to his room , and was not satisfied till he was close to his chest , upon the edge of which , for still greater precaution , he placed his feet . of an enemy ! ” said athos ; “ for whom , then	75.48590850830078
, do you take me ? ” . cried mordaunt . , reach scotland and rejoin lord montrose , who will not sell you . ” my child , has said , ‘ it is good to think of death . ’ ” pointed to their dusty and torn dresses , but the cardinal shook his head . name ? ’ inquired the traveller . who opens the dead body , and <unk> from the entrails and stomach a quantity of arsenic in a spoon . in a suit of glistening watered silk , trimmed with steel buttons , beautifully cut and polished . , and they told me you were out , but that they expected you home at ten o ’ clock to breakfast . to	82.61377716064453
dammartin , ” said aramis . continued to converse for some time in low voices , in order that the young princess should not overhear them ; but the precaution was needless : she was in deep converse with her own thoughts . , but nodded his head , and took up the portfolio . , without a cloud on his face without weariness or <unk> ; his eyes were fixed on those of athos and perhaps he comprehended all that passed in the heart of the man who was awaiting his awakening as a lover awaits the awakening of his mistress , for his glance , in return , had all the tenderness of love . into one interminable line of dust and sand , with its	119.57617950439453
sides bordered by tall , meagre trees , altogether presenting so <unk> an appearance , that no one in his senses could have imagined that any traveller , at liberty to regulate his hours for journeying , would choose to expose himself in such a formidable <unk> . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ for i believe if he does not pay us , we shall be well enough paid by another party . ” musketeers were on their feet , and saluted with respect . <unk> this fellow who will help me to avenge myself . ” mistrustful , but you must pardon me , my dear count , for confessing to some degree of astonishment . ” he was in the habit of doing	85.5909194946289
when he did not want to make any reply , and he again turned towards the veiled woman , who soon disappeared at the corner of the street . said franz , “ it would be the easiest thing in the world ; for i feel eagle ’ s wings springing out at my shoulders , and with those wings i could make a tour of the world in four-and-twenty hours . ” abbé faria , gone mad in prison , condemned him to perpetual captivity . <unk> the tyrant became a <unk> ? smugglers are not thieves . ” caderousse ; “ but you were right to return as soon as possible , my boy . ” i know what you mean , —the railway , of	84.17729187011719
which he has obtained the grant , is it not ? ” ! ” , and in three days you will be like him , mad enough to tie up ; but , fortunately , there are dungeons here . ” truly ; my nurse lives there . ” , send for the priest ; _i_ will be the avenger . ” truly royal escort . ” , but people wanted to sleep , and who would not give even two or three louis for a few hours of sound sleep ? athos , “ but his right place is in our ranks , with the prince de conti , de beaufort , d ’ elbeuf , and de bouillon ; but , sir , supposing that the	74.36761474609375
conference is broken <unk> you going to try to take charenton ? ” . ” adventure to propose to you when the count is gone . was in his element , and with his black face and sparkling eyes appeared , in the cloud of dust he raised , like the genius of the <unk> and the god of the hurricane . place i gave you fifty . ” , ” said villefort . mystery . your own level , and demand explanations ! , ” said porthos ; “ that signified as clear as daylight that he still intends to make me a baron . ” must make haste ; for hardly will the people of paris have revolted before we shall have a score of princes	93.18905639648438
begging to lead them . entered , bringing <unk> filled with ices and <unk> , which they placed on two small <unk> appropriated to that purpose . something for you ; he restores to you more than he takes away , and it was time i should die . ” —you are my adopted father . continued aramis ; “ but which requires a profound study of both the scriptures and the fathers . s substitute to recompense the <unk> the god of vengeance yields to me his power to punish the wicked ! ” the visitor , “ do you know why he came to france ? ” mother . ” not asked you that , ” said aramis , with his subtle manner ; “ but	100.48737335205078
i have expected you to tell me . ” , ” answered planchet , alighting , and extending his arms to mousqueton , the two servants embraced with an emotion which touched those who were present and made them suppose that planchet was a great lord in disguise , so highly did they estimate the position of mousqueton . resemblance with the fantastic heroes of the english poet , the count seemed to have the power of fascination . it is for my valet ; twice , for my majordomo ; thrice , for my steward , <unk> i do not waste a minute or a word . masters , and did not know the lackeys ; on the contrary , the lackeys knew milady perfectly . ,	91.60493469238281
” replied the cardinal , “ that i was desirous of presenting her majesty with these two studs , and that not daring to offer them myself , i adopted this means of <unk> her to accept them . ” you will do as much as that , will you ? ” at my door , and as i am not a gentleman , i may be allowed to lie . ” round , for this attack could not have come from the bastion , which was hidden by the angle of the trench . offered any sum , but have failed . ” say that fifty francs will be enough for us at present , and that we will wait for the rest . ” or twelve	45.90899658203125
wounded . , but in the darkness he looked in vain for the white dress , and in the silence he vainly listened for the sound of footsteps . francs ? ” inquired the notary . said he , “ to feel a hand like this , when its owner <unk> on the goodness of his cause . ” acquainted with the king , they were not much excited ; but d ’ artagnan , with his gascon imagination , saw in it his future fortune , and passed the night in golden dreams . ! ” said mme . what answer you received ? ” forefinger bent . husband who would not hear of <unk> . ” to us to risk their lives for us ? are	58.4361686706543
not to sit down to table , ” said debray , “ take a glass of sherry , and tell us all about it . ” lost their lives lost nothing ? —m . ” cried the young princess , bounding to the door . ” said caderousse ; “ and how much does he give you monthly ? ” at the elegant manner in which they were set , calculated , one with another , what the diamonds were worth , and without hesitation said , “ fifteen hundred pistoles each , my lord . ” while to see whether the storm seemed to <unk> in its fury , but a brief space of time sufficed to assure him that , instead of <unk> , the violence	73.25511932373047
of the rain and thunder momentarily increased ; <unk> himself , therefore , to what seemed <unk> , he bade his host good-night , and mounted the stairs . gray head ; torn and filthy garments covered his large bony limbs , which seemed as though , like those of a skeleton , they would rattle as he walked ; and the hand with which he leaned upon the young man ’ s shoulder , and which was the first thing andrea saw , seemed of gigantic size . i wish that order of which you are bearer , seeing that i have not one of my own and must have one . ” dear m. noirtier , you intend leaving your fortune to your grandson , edward	116.11404418945312
de villefort ? ” suit you ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . tell you ? ” were already made ; he cursed the instant when m. laporte formed the idea of marrying him to his goddaughter , and particularly the moment when that goddaughter had been received as lady of the linen to her majesty . alone , ” replied the young man . by one of the unexpected strokes of fortune which sometimes befall those who have for a long time been the victims of an evil destiny , dantès was about to secure the opportunity he wished for , by simple and natural means , and land on the island without incurring any suspicion . , i had never heard of him before , and	76.21058654785156
never but once afterwards , and that was from the abbé busoni himself , when i saw him in the prison at nîmes . ” the twenty-fifth . little sleep , and i do not suppose you are very much inclined for it <unk> ” bertuccio bowed , and resumed his story . he to maximilian , “ you say you loved valentine , that you were betrothed to her . will be great , no doubt , especially if the telegraph should not make any more mistakes . ” fond of it , but i do not indulge now . ” arose . set my mind at rest , as you observed just now . ” the cardinal , “ arose not only from a feeling of	65.2077865600586
natural <unk> , but likewise from a plan i have marked out with respect to you . ” to signor pastrini , and asked for albert de morcerf . that imperturbable phlegm which distinguished athos in the hour of danger , and with that excessive politeness which made of him at certain moments a king more majestic than kings by birth . more francs , ” he said , “ with the fifteen thousand already in your pocket , they will make twenty-five thousand . s last request was , that the marriage might not be delayed ; must i let things take their course ? ” noirtier did not move . ” . . ” , ” replied d ’ avrigny ; and they both returned thoughtfully	116.55899810791016
to the procureur ’ s study . my excuses to the count for quitting him , and i pray you to do so also . coach-house at the right-hand side where the ladders are kept . , my lord . ? ” him that woman of fatal intentions who had for a moment terrified him ; she was an ardent , passionate mistress , abandoning herself to love which she also seemed to feel . a mutual understanding between the two officers of the law . opened immediately to admit him . count is his father . hear you speak of monsieur d ’ emery as calculated for a post which requires a man of probity . and more extensive and more productive . a word . opinion	111.40518188476562
of the assembly respecting the accused count . so to an old friend like me , caderousse , as you said just now ; you are a native of marseilles , i am—— ” chair , his strength was failing him ; his understanding weakened by such events , refused to comprehend such incredible , unheard-of , fabulous facts . ties which bind me to mademoiselle valentine ; if he be a sensible man , he will prove it by <unk> of his own accord the hand of his betrothed , and will secure my friendship , and love until death ; if he refuse , either through interest or ridiculous pride , after i have proved to him that he would be forcing my wife from me	165.06053161621094
, that valentine loves me , and will have no other , i will fight with him , give him every advantage , and i shall kill him , or he will kill me ; if i am victorious , he will not marry valentine , and if i die , i am very sure valentine will not marry him . ” reason why i have the honor to inform your eminence of what has happened ; for you might learn it from others , and upon a false account believe us to be in fault . ” account of it ? ” my heart , and , after what you have just said , i remember that only . ” cried athos , going toward him ,	45.04328155517578
“ i ’ ll cut your ears off ! ” his <unk> fortune ? ’ cried i , ‘ then the place of my punishment will be that of my tomb . hope he will do something for the sake of their honor , ” said the queen . this language of the poor paralytic ; these were villefort , valentine , and the old servant of whom we have already spoken . he , drawing from the casket a large bow of blue ribbon all sparkling with diamonds , “ there are the precious studs which i have taken an oath should be buried with me . ? ” said he . communication with the baron danglars ? ” the count inquired of albert de morcerf .	62.886959075927734
travellers will arrive , ” replied franz , “ which will make it still more difficult . ” monsieur bonacieux , if i don ’ t stand upon ceremony , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ but nothing makes one so thirsty as want of sleep . task of saving a man ’ s life that day ; chance caused that man to be myself . he , “ franz is coming soon , but it will not interest you ; you dislike him , i think ? ” , believing that he jested , but athos did not jest the least in the world . private staircase communicating with the sleeping apartment . , speak on , queen , ” said buckingham ; “ the sweetness	75.43330383300781
of your voice covers the <unk> of your words . <unk> from yours ? ” april , 1498 , be ... ing invited to dine by his holiness alexander vi. , and fearing that not ... content with making me pay for my hat , he may desire to become my heir , and re ... serves for me the fate of cardinals <unk> and bentivoglio , who were poisoned , ... i declare to my nephew , guido spada , my sole heir , that i have bu ... ried in a place he knows and has visited with me , that is , in ... the caves of the small island of monte cristo , all i <unk> ... <unk> of ingots , gold , money	268.7499694824219
, jewels , diamonds , gems ; that i alone ... know of the existence of this treasure , which may amount to nearly two mil ... lions of roman crowns , and which he will find on raising the twentieth <unk> ... <unk> from the small creek to the east in a right line . do you think the king will be condemned ? ” asked athos . the glade , supping off the provisions exacted as contributions from the peasants ; but his eye vainly sought rita and cucumetto among them . , to come here , and to run ! in person the <unk> which surround the palais royal ; do you suppose that there is any danger in so doing ? ” ” cried	154.705810546875
debray , “ what is the matter with you ? the king to those around him , “ i leave you to brave the tempest ; i go before you to a kingdom which knows no storms . shadows , the table sink through the floor ; a quarter of an hour later it reappeared , bearing my supper . strong for two of us , but not strong enough for three of us , ” returned d ’ artagnan . ” , ” said monte cristo , laughing , “ control yourself ; we are not at <unk> or at <unk> . everything went on properly , but no sooner was my back turned than benedetto became master , and everything went ill . courage that prevented	101.58906555175781
her putting this resolution into execution ; but her religious feelings came to her aid and saved her . because you know , that although i esteem him from my heart i am a little <unk> by the comte de la fere ; but it is understood that what i offer you i offer him at the same time . rise from his seat and go towards the door , as though to ascertain if his horse were sufficiently refreshed to continue his journey , caderousse and his wife exchanged looks of deep meaning . how am i free ? ” hands , not only a defensive weapon , but still more frequently an offensive one ; the one serves against all their physical sufferings , the other	110.78448486328125
against all their enemies . said monte cristo ; “ i have seen him sleep with a sword suspended over his head . ” expiring embers threw up a fresh flame from the kindling of a piece of wood that lay near , and a bright light flashed over the room . man of iron , who seemed to be made of nerve and muscle only , had struck him with admiration . words , pronounced with that boldness which women draw from their own <unk> weakness which removes them beyond the power of vengeance . sleeves , and passed into the little vestibule where the gentlemen were accustomed to wash their hands after shooting . fact , touched the cardinal in the tenderest point . know how	132.72621154785156
to make you leave your home ! ” replied albert , clasping in his convulsed grasp the glove , which monte cristo did not lose sight of . king ! estrées ’ s pavilion ? , therefore , about marie michon among the four musketeers , who besides had what they wanted : that was , the order to withdraw mme . see him on his dying bed , that i might administer to him the consolations of religion . ” , sir , since you bid me contemplate , for the advantage of my pride , this terrible spectacle , which must have been so great a source of sorrow to your family . ” to your house and has left this for you , saying that	100.48991394042969
the letter was important and must be given to you before you left . ” at your service , gentlemen , ” said he . , be at rest as to that , but to kill you quietly in a snug , remote place , where you will not be able to boast of your death to anybody . ” of m. de tréville six days instead of four , and introduced into these six days two more <unk> they set out on the twenty-fourth at five o ’ clock in the evening , and as a further kindness m. de tréville <unk> the leave to the morning of the twenty-fifth . had actually pierced the cards in the exact places which the painted signs would otherwise have	97.94652557373047
occupied , the lines and distances being as regularly kept as if they had been ruled with pencil . boudoir , hung with blue damask , adorned by red flowers , with a foliage of gold , looking upon a garden ; and reclined upon a sofa , her head supported on the rich tapestry which covered it . and discovered a young man stretched on the ground , bathed in a pool of blood . the abbé , “ is m. morrel still alive ? ” turned , looking at the young man with astonishment ; and when he had finished , she said in very good french , “ monsieur , i should with great confidence place myself under your protection if the person with whom	121.4665298461914
i quarrel were not my brother . ” his lower lip in a most extraordinary manner . be alone , to weep and to sleep . the least surprise . understood that it was to him this compliment was addressed , approached , assuming a most deprecating air . madame de villefort ; “ and it is still entirely in the power of my husband to cause the will , which is now in prejudice of valentine , to be altered in her favor . ” see the man against whom i pleaded smile , as though in mockery of my words . a thousand pistoles than have lost it. ” he would not have risked more if he had said twenty thousand ; but a certain juvenile	112.25282287597656
modesty restrained him . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan to mazarin , who sprang into the carriage without waiting for a second bidding . goes out , has several times been on the point of refusing this invitation ; madame de villefort , on the contrary , is burning with the desire of seeing this extraordinary nabob in his own house , therefore , she has with great difficulty prevailed on my father to accompany her . ’ clock , i shall have the order for your exile , signed , <unk> . nothing now is lacking except that you should feel remorse for having killed that fellow . ” brought in , and she was found deeply engaged in saying her prayers <unk> which she	90.23677825927734
had learned of an old servant of her second husband , a most austere puritan . grimaud to recall the past . la ramee , “ your supper is ordered . ” letter and read as follows : and passed the upper part of her body through the window . , mousqueton . ” by having made a stiff ? —having assassinated a man ? ” said franz , continuing his investigation . athos , “ the poor abbé was not a st. <unk> , and i repeat , marie michon was an adorable creature . ” spanish companion , donna estafania , who had followed her from madrid . would make caesar afraid . ” to the bastile ? is to learn where the enemy is and	122.18091583251953
what he is doing . ” going ? ” the executioner , “ all ! that letter , madame ; time <unk> . ” of marseilles , i beg of you , maximilian ; that one word brings back my mother to my <unk> angel mother , who died too soon for myself and all who knew her ; but who , after watching over her child during the brief period <unk> to her in this world , now , i fondly hope , watches from her home in heaven . it seemed fit for table , and preserved its wholesome appearance . probably , that there was one more guilty than i . ” no more . observe it . not to know . silver , his	105.3994369506836
mantle had no gold nor embroidery on it ; a simple plume of violet feathers adorned his hat ; his boots were of black leather , and at his girdle hung that sword with a magnificent hilt that porthos had so often admired in the rue <unk> . answered d ’ artagnan . however , and this time on my word of <unk> think perhaps too <unk> i am in haste , great haste . the return of this much loved boy had changed his fears to hopes . the victim of a near relative , whom you believe to be your heir because you are ignorant that before she contracted a marriage in england she was already married in france . the latter case ( alas !	198.0057830810547
just passing the round tower , the young man shouted : “ stand by there to lower the <unk> and jib ; <unk> up the spanker ! ” been gone through ; the inquiry is already made . ” talking together . horse , whilst planchet , with a smile on his lips , advanced toward the master of the house . nephew , guido spada he exclaimed . cried aramis ; “ you don ’ t often speak , athos , but when you do speak , it is like st. john of the golden mouth . to leave no traces of his feet in the ashes , but still it was an outlet , and in this light was not to be passed over without serious	94.89229583740234
investigation . to see me ? ” inquired he . baroness , “ i assure you i have no desire to sleep , and that i have a thousand things to tell you this evening , which you must listen to , even though you slept while hearing me . ” see , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that you have still that honest lad with you . ” private vengeance . not live if she is not better . ” cry , that terrible cry which had been first heard . to his orders , tapped at the window of the porter ’ s lodge , saying : on the ground floor where these gentlemen can wait near a good fire ? ” said the	40.567359924316406
cardinal . an almost sublime expression of contempt and pride . ” said morrel with a sigh , “ we will not discuss the matter further . unhappy as not to believe in him until now , ” said monte cristo , “ i must believe on seeing you . ” revealed itself . and entered the subterranean grotto , followed by gaetano . ! to see her , for i like her very much . ” to escape the next night , and , hidden by the black covering of the scaffold , was to change his dress for that of a workman , slip out with his <unk> , pass the sentinels , who would suspect nothing , and so reach the skiff that was waiting	62.99608612060547
for him at greenwich . a short time while the lamp sent forth its final struggles ; its <unk> awoke him , and he found his fingers as damp and purple as though they had been dipped in blood . you written all this ? ” simple inclination of the head and aramis put his finger to his hat , as if to bow , athos alone comprehending by that signal that he had some project in his head . do with him ? ” danglars ; “ was not this murdered man an old galley-slave ? ” on another , i who have always gained my own <unk> honestly . ” . ” said he . the environs of the castle , ” thought d ’ artagnan	88.5955581665039
. nearest frontier is sixty leagues distant . ” ” would have happened if his <unk> had not been so favorable . ” . <unk> ! admiring the severe beauty of his features , the only defect , or rather the principal quality of which was the pallor . a double door , on the threshold of which they found athos ready to receive his illustrious guests according to the notice comminges had given him . for the required information to m. de boville , who , from having been an inspector of prisons , was promoted to a high office in the police ; and the latter begged for two days time to ascertain exactly who would be most likely to give him full particulars . ,	102.44532012939453
or you ’ re dead men . ” but i will tell you a true story , my lord . ” ” ” said grimaud . ” cried planchet , as soon as he perceived his master , “ here is more trouble . him . when he married her , had no other patrimony than his noble probity , his first-rate ability , and his spotless reputation , wished to possess as much as his wife . ? ” the midst of the mediterranean must be a curiosity . ” brown hair ? ” milady , placing a bag full of louis in felton ’ s hands . started up , imagining that a man was approaching his bed for the purpose of <unk> him . brought	59.045711517333984
that beautiful diamond that glitters on your finger ? young man . ” observed aramis , “ i can not say the same as you do , porthos . on something harder than gravel road . successful as the first , _la jeune amélie_ was in luck . his mercy to punish but one person , has visited this justice on him alone . ” ” cried mordaunt , “ come to me ! ” exclaimed danglars , rising quickly , “ i will write today . ” my lord , that <unk> is an organized body , a kind of association of those who have nothing against those who have everything ; an association in which every one takes his share ; one that <unk> a leader	105.06885528564453
? ” ” said athos , “ this is no joke , i trust ? your senses , or do you come peaceably to take breakfast with me ? that i had ; i have assumed the virtues that i had not . one , which was let to prince <unk> ; but i was obliged to pay a <unk> ” him ? ” this but a love meeting , given by a lady to a cavalier , or by a cavalier to a lady , which had been disturbed by the presence of d ’ artagnan and his yellow horse . and entered the breakfast-room . , in a carriage , no . ” outlet , a group of about twenty persons rushed into the garden with	60.92539978027344
loud exclamations of delight . to hear what his mother would decide after she had finished reading this letter . me wait ; for at quarter past twelve i will cut off your ears as you run . ” king , drawing up his horse with a sudden jerk , which threw it on its <unk> , and seizing the bridle of athos ’ s horse . he , “ i intend going this evening to normandy , instead of tomorrow or the next day . , have pity on me ! ” murmured the executioner ; and he fell back on the bed , pale , trembling , and apparently about to die . as long as i live , i shall never love anyone else !	78.90997314453125
” dame ! of ideas , ” said porthos , with admiration . knocked at the door of the finest house and was received as the wounded are always and everywhere received in france . question i put to you on entering the room ? —where do you keep the poison you generally use , madame ? ” should either have seen him or have heard him spoken of . ” ” replied the minister ; “ but he is advancing by gap and <unk> . ” is this letter , and you <unk> ” villefort approached the fire , cast it in , and waited until it was entirely consumed . continued the jeweller ; ‘ but someone else will not be so easy as i am	72.34849548339844
, or content himself with the same story . years old , who doesn ’ t yet know what he wants ; we have a queen blinded by a belated passion ; we have a minister who governs france as he would govern a great <unk> is to say , intent only on turning out all the gold he can by the exercise of italian cunning and invention ; we have princes who set up a personal and <unk> opposition , who will draw from mazarin ’ s hands only a few ingots of gold or some shreds of power granted as <unk> . that be ? ’ inquired the bandits with astonishment . and beckoned the young man in . side , took her hand , and	139.8369140625
covered it with kisses that mercédès did not even feel . can well understand , made no resistance ; in fact , he was so astonished at what had happened to him that he stammered and reeled like a drunken man ; d ’ artagnan deposited his clothes under the arm of one of the valets . , ” said andrea , taking the major by the arm in a confidential manner , “ how much are you paid for being my father ? ” host entered with the wine ordered and a ham which , fortunately for him , had been left out of the cellar . view things on the dark side , methinks . ” act he therefore went to the baroness . ” of	85.2290267944336
it ? ” inquired mercédès eagerly . this is very <unk> <unk> allow ; but , as i am very hungry , pray allow me to eat . who saved your father ’ s life when he wished to destroy himself , as you do <unk> i am the man who sent the purse to your young sister , and the _pharaon_ to old <unk> i am the edmond dantès who nursed you , a child , on my knees . ” mordaunt , “ it might have been some personal enemy of the king , who had made a vow of vengeance and accomplished it in this way . said a voice which vibrated in too terrible a manner in my ear not to be recognized ,	67.94065856933594
‘ well ! ‘ what do i care if i am ? ’ ” it altogether , ” said athos ; “ but i wish to remind aramis that he can not quit the camp , and that nobody but one of ourselves is trustworthy ; that two hours after the messenger has set out , all the <unk> , all the police , all the black caps of the cardinal , will know your letter by heart , and you and your clever person will be arrested . ” ? ” of it , ” said albert , smiling sorrowfully . he pondered the matter for a moment . brightened . , in the hands of the abbé faria , had been so skilfully used to guide	71.23943328857422
him through the <unk> labyrinth of <unk> , he thought that the cardinal spada , anxious not to be watched , had entered the creek , concealed his little <unk> , followed the line marked by the <unk> in the rock , and at the end of it had buried his treasure . fetch me ? ” asked he . of office ? ” ” she asked . on his future amours , addressing himself to the beautiful night , and smiling at the stars , ascended the rue <unk> , or <unk> , as it was then called . he <unk> “ not die now , after having lived and suffered so long and so much ! ” of them wounded , and a youth , say	70.98694610595703
you ? ” the contrary , to all appearance a true nobleman ; but do you not fear to find him a bully ? ” , we are all in cash , ” said d ’ artagnan . <unk> thirst for knowledge would have had pity on seeing the steward ’ s extraordinary repugnance for the count ’ s projected drive without the walls ; but the count was too curious to let bertuccio off from this little journey . have a delightful way of setting people at their ease . ” d ’ artagnan , “ have we not our friend mousqueton , who managed for us so well at chantilly , porthos ? ” pope hastened to lay hands on the <unk> , under pretense of	85.8102035522461
seeking for the papers of the dead man . ” fearful moment . shut in with me . ” matrimony , she suffered andrea ’ s attentions in order to get rid of morcerf ; but when andrea urged his suit , she betrayed an entire dislike to him . now that the king will be saved as i am sure that i clasp the most loyal hand in the world . ” party ? ” a remembrance . humiliations which mazarin made anne undergo more frequently than any other , and one that bowed her head with shame . behind the <unk> horizon ; but as though to prove the truth of the fanciful ideas in heathen mythology , its indiscreet rays reappeared on the summit of	129.34725952148438
every wave , as if the god of fire had just sunk upon the bosom of amphitrite , who in vain endeavored to hide her lover beneath her azure mantle . banished ; like virgil ’ s wounded hero , he carried the arrow in his wound , and , arrived at the salon , villefort uttered a sigh that was almost a sob , and sank into a chair . room to give the requisite orders , baptistin opened the door : he held a letter on a silver waiter . s hands with a transport which he took for love , but which was only joy at being no longer alone in the world , and seeing at last a friend , after long hours of	128.5723876953125
solitary sorrow . la fere , sire , ” said aramis . , ” said he , “ you have no objection to make . ” . ” a thousand times ! , as de winter has died ; as for me , i will fly only on condition that we all fly together . ” artagnan <unk> . turn i advise you to keep a sharp lookout on your treasure , my dear monsieur groslow , for i can tell you we shall not leave this without robbing you of it . ” towards the boy , on whom he gazed without any apparent emotion ; but the <unk> working of the nostrils showed to the practiced eye of monte cristo that the arab had been wounded	58.777442932128906
to the heart . you this , madame , to terrify you ; no , it is even ridiculous for me to name it to you , and , believe me , i take no heed of such dreams . him at marseilles , and m. danglars <unk> having seen him . to float before me , and gradually i fell into a deep , heavy slumber . but the mind always remembers . ” said d ’ artagnan , drawing his sword , “ that is an order sooner given than executed . that they knew him . the fascinating serpent , and himself the bird which flies from branch to branch without power to escape . boudoir , circular , and lighted only from the roof	100.43904113769531
, which consisted of rose-colored glass . boy , ” exclaimed madame de villefort , snatching the mutilated book from the <unk> ’ s grasp , “ you are positively past bearing ; you really disturb the conversation ; go , leave us , and join your sister valentine in dear grandpapa noirtier ’ s room . ” hope of flight was gone . we ’ ll gag him and tie <unk> matter <unk> . compassion he showed for her misfortunes , produced the effect they always produce on noble <unk> had always had a sincere regard for fernand , and this was now strengthened by gratitude . declare , d ’ artagnan , i think it of much more consequence than the little piece of waste paper	198.58265686035156
you have so cunningly slipped into your bosom . ” had a son , ” said he ; “ and i forgot i had a <unk> ” then , shaking his head sorrowfully , “ poor haydée , ” said he ; “ she wished to see me , to speak to me ; she has feared or guessed something . another judith ; i gathered myself up , my knife in my hand , and when i saw him near me , stretching out his arms to find his victim , then , with the last cry of agony and despair , i struck him in the middle of his breast . do without chambermaids . a small iron point , —a negligence on the part of	65.15874481201172
the locksmith . today ; that letter is not yet gone . rueil . raised his eyes to heaven , and prayed fervently . unlucky , for my stomach is getting more and more upset . ” forget , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ to bring up four bottles of the same sort for the two english gentlemen . ” presence of witnesses ! monsieur , that marie michon , when she returned to france in <unk> , immediately sought for information about that child ; as a fugitive she could not take care of it , but on her return she wished to have it near her . ” it still no attractions for you ? months the level was finished , and the excavation	84.07051086425781
completed beneath the gallery , and the two workmen could distinctly hear the measured tread of the sentinel as he paced to and fro over their heads . visit , and you were wrong . ” the last pressure of their hands expressing what their tongues could not before a stranger . porthos , shaking his head , “ never should i have thought this of him ! ! ” surprise , but andrea appeared quite unmoved . pursued ? ” on franz ’ s shoulder . ” he exclaimed , “ it was you ! , ” replied the marquise ; “ let the past be forever forgotten . married you , but little respected . athos fell in with two gentlemen whom he did not know	93.04244232177734
, on horseback like himself , followed by a lackey like himself , and going in the same direction that he was . raised the wine to his lips , to hear him say , ‘ come , <unk> of the grape , and chase away my <unk> ’ and how he used to break the stem of a glass or the neck of a bottle ! air of heaven , and saw each other . , ” replied albert , with a smile of indifference ; “ i shall follow your <unk> because you give it , but because i had before intended to quit france . with the prison , —a sombre edifice , that from its grated windows looks on the <unk> of the accoules	81.97044372558594
. about procuring their disguises for the morrow ; and he assured them that they would be perfectly satisfied . he would tame médéah in the space of six months . things which have agitated me , therefore i will not speak more fully now . , proud and joyful , to my country . dear boy ? ” for being recognized now that he was in his own <unk> , struck a light and lit a torch . danglars , “ the horses were not sufficiently quiet for you ; they were scarcely four years old , and they made me extremely uneasy on your account . ” anthony ; but without words , protestations , or vows , my life has <unk> itself with yours ;	110.63145446777344
you leave me , and you are right in doing so , —i repeat it , you are right ; but in losing you , i lose my life . of the d ’ <unk> at tarbes and in its environs , ” said the cardinal ; “ to which do you belong ? ” , pursued , captured ; he is advancing as rapidly as his own <unk> . and communicated these ideas to him . you some news ; eugénie is to be married in a week , and in three days there is to be a grand feast , a betrothal festival . makes me believe that it is only an excuse of m. noirtier to prevent his granddaughter marrying ; old men are always	77.7047348022461
so selfish in their affection , ” said madame de villefort . strict fidelity to government principles , a profound contempt for theories and <unk> , a <unk> hatred of <unk> , <unk> were the elements of private and public life displayed by m. de villefort . d ’ artagnan and porthos then found themselves in the centre of a large circle . me it was worth 50,000 francs , ’ muttered caderousse . you , ” cried the commissary , “ and preserve absolute secrecy . i was four years making the tools i possess , and have been two years <unk> and digging out earth , hard as granite itself ; then what toil and fatigue has it not been to remove huge stones i should	155.81967163085938
once have deemed impossible to <unk> . obtain for me , from monsieur dessessart , leave of absence for fifteen days . ” , if you please . , that of tréville was one of the most sought . and as the romance of don quixote was then the fashion , they said that he was <unk> , who , after having lost one master , had found two . no nonsense ! ” said he . hanged . ” prince . ’ ” the duchess , “ i can not make war alone , but i can avenge myself on that ungrateful queen and most ambitious <unk> the honor of a duchess , i will avenge myself . ” the usurper left elba on the 26th february	86.2247543334961
, and landed on the 1st of march . ” for them ; i shall pass over them . ” a man of honor , ” said d ’ artagnan , determined to come to an end , “ and since your love is mine , and i am satisfied i possess it—for i do possess it , do i not ? ” ” whispered monte cristo with a smile of disappointment , “ he is only a thief . ” ! ” said aramis . dead ; his wife , especially , who cherished the pleasing idea that she was a widow , stoutly maintained that death had taken him . assure you , will be tried on his arrival in london ; i have heard enough	53.418663024902344
from the lips of oliver cromwell to know what to expect . ” ” and d ’ artagnan threw the bag upon the table . ? ” ’ artagnan , look up a little ! louise , “ i admire you , and i could almost say respect you. ” the laundress looked on in astonishment , but as she had been promised twenty louis , she made no remark . is . ” ? ” his hole , laid himself down on the floor at full length , and listened . about going , under pretext that he still suffered from his wound , but d ’ artagnan had said to him : others ? opinion of the count , and as franz well knew that albert	81.46680450439453
professed never to form an opinion except upon long reflection , he made no attempt to change it . ” said monte cristo with a searching look . ’ artagnan presented himself the assemblage was imposing , particularly for a provincial just arriving from his province . , ” responded debray . then made his horse <unk> it and then , struck to the core by shame , leaped , as raoul had done , only repeating : the other and after mordaunt he recognized groslow . ” m. de boville ; “ i myself had occasion to see this man in 1816 or 1817 , and we could only go into his dungeon with a file of soldiers . expressed himself thus , in that intonation which	141.7728271484375
is peculiar to <unk> of the <unk> , when a loud scream , accompanied by the violent ringing of a bell , resounded through the court of the hotel . court would do justice to my <unk> and give the head of my house the title of prince , and if my brother de <unk> were <unk> in his command i would return to my estates and leave the court and parliament to settle things between themselves as they might . ” the duke , “ i will thank you later ; now we have not a moment to lose . very door the musketeer began to entertain some doubts . , are done <unk> never repeated . ” ? ” indifferent glance upon the objects we have	92.76592254638672
described , and at the invitation of him whom he came to seek sat down near him . . . i wish to do away with that mysterious reputation that you have given me , my dear viscount ; it is <unk> to be always acting manfred . is not any serious affair , otherwise i can not answer as to what i may do myself . ” france with millions , had been unable to find the grave of his father , who had perished from hunger . hear and those who have eyes see ; i can tell you nothing more at present . ” she , ‘ but spare the honor of the widow of <unk> ’ — ‘ it is not to me to	80.0460205078125
whom you must address yourself , ’ said kourchid . treasure disappeared , and had again reverted to the genii from whom for a moment he had hoped to carry it off . part , thus <unk> , softened immediately and sat down , and in an almost weeping voice , letting her arms fall by her side , said : sir , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ to observe you are in error . to a thousand crowns ? ” stormy , a cold wind shook the few remaining yellow leaves from the boughs of the trees , and scattered them among the crowd which filled the boulevards . murmured , — “ yes , be satisfied . ” two candles showed <unk> phantom shadows	111.29681396484375
in the lofty room . your chaise . ” morrel , carried away by his friendship , “ you do not know him , and i do . monte cristo , “ one ’ s title to a millionaire does not last for life , like that of baron , peer of france , or academician ; for example , the millionaires <unk> & <unk> , of <unk> , who have just become bankrupts . ” ; he came to announce that the solemn entrance of the king , queen , and her ministers was to take place on the <unk> day . the door and pushed the bolt . the two young people had agreed to be married when vampa should be twenty and teresa nineteen years	77.7463607788086
of age . too reasonable to be led by imagination . ” remains ? ” be a good cook ; do you recollect how you used to <unk> your fingers ? notaries looked at each other in mute astonishment and inquiry as to what were the real intentions of the testator . smiled ; “ you wish to terrify me , i suppose . of struggling crossed his mind , and of so ending the unexpected evil that had overtaken him . oblige me ? ” to you . ” face ! his face , and from time to time he put a handkerchief to his mouth to wipe away the blood that <unk> from it . inconvenient in that , ” said the cardinal . sudden idea	93.64608764648438
. athos . . i place in my stead a bold fellow who aspires to be his majesty ’ s special guard . it had disappeared . could not last long , and continued to look with all his eyes and listen with all his ears . eternal sleeper ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , irritated that any one could <unk> during the day , when he had the greatest difficulty in sleeping during the night . such clothes ! ” the man was at least two hundred paces in advance of him , and there was not a chance of overtaking him . in your creed ; but it was without wishing to do so , i swear . cavalry , toward <unk> and monsieur de	80.76624298095703
chanleu , who defended the place , was ready to resist an assault , or if the enemy were repulsed , to attempt a sortie . , then , ” said d ’ artagnan . , ” replied andrea , “ that you never make a good one ; but let us see your plan . ” said d ’ artagnan , advancing toward the cardinal , “ it seems to me that your eminence is losing precious time . can not . ” his usual hour , and slept in peace . porthos . morrel went up to his study , while maximilian followed him , trembling as he went . hands , lord de winter taking the rue saint honore , and athos and aramis remaining	46.82917404174805
together . ” cried d ’ artagnan . he , “ kill this fellow for me with a single blow . ” said morcerf , “ let us enjoy the present without gloomy forebodings for the future . ” said of a marriage with mazarin ’ s niece . ; it is enough . ” be severe with him , he is really <unk> bright . ” you , my dear aramis , for you are still the same ; you have still your beautiful dark hair , still your elegant figure , still your feminine hands , which are admirably suited to a prelate . ” ? ” asked the comte . turn : “ discipline , monseigneur , has , i hope , in no way	52.08383560180664
been forgotten by us . . ” the cardinal is as well posted as yourself , and knows that i have been to london ? ” to the point . you deliver me up to him who fills and defiles the world with his heresies and <unk> that infamous <unk> whom the blind call the duke of buckingham , and whom believers name antichrist ! ” noirtier , looking carelessly around him , “ true , if this person were not on his guard , as he is ; ” and he added with a smile , “ he will consequently make a few changes in his personal <unk> ” at these words he rose , and put off his frock-coat and cravat , went towards a table	100.48114776611328
on which lay his son ’ s toilet articles , <unk> his face , took a <unk> , and , with a firm hand , cut off the compromising whiskers . said he , “ allow me to remind you at this moment , —which is perhaps not so ill-chosen as at first sight may appear , for obedience to the wishes of the departed is the first offering which should be made at their tomb , <unk> me then to remind you of the wish expressed by madame de saint-méran on her death-bed , that valentine ’ s wedding might not be deferred . count ? ” not know . indeed , ” cried he . on the wall of my cell , scratched with a nail	95.92628479003906
, a proverb , which says , ‘ like master , like servant . ’ ” the army , a separate command had to be given to each . mazarin , ” he said to himself . ? ” story to tell me , porthos ! with this , monseigneur ? ” said d ’ artagnan , who had no doubt the accusation came from milady , “ a woman branded by the justice of the country ; a woman who has espoused one man in france and another in england ; a woman who poisoned her second husband and who attempted both to poison and assassinate me ! ” row of the crowd , admirably placed for seeing ; and as on the whole the sight was	75.7462387084961
curious , he probably wished to stay to the end . ” monte cristo , scrutinized with <unk> curiosity the magistrate whose salute he returned , and who , distrustful by habit , and especially incredulous as to social prodigies , was much more despised to look upon “ the noble stranger , ” as monte cristo was already called , as an adventurer in search of new fields , or an escaped criminal , rather than as a prince of the holy see , or a sultan of the _thousand and one nights_ . do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements , we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with	262.1787414550781
offers to donate . the door and knocked , murmuring , “ i will go myself and be caught in the mousetrap , but woe be to the cats that shall <unk> upon such a mouse ! ” monte cristo feigning to mistake his <unk> “ therefore i will not , for another instant , retard the pleasure of your meeting . to me for a minute only , for mercy ’ s , for pity ’ s sake ! , i retire . ” , and pretends he can not understand me ! ” . ” château-renaud , “ i was not wrong just now then , when i said that houses had souls and faces like men , and that their <unk> carried the impress of	105.53396606445312
their characters . child he loves . ” that planchet in resuming his former functions resumed also his former humility and was not ashamed to make his breakfast on what was left by d ’ artagnan . to you ? ” , you think i speak of some chastisement , of imprisonment or death . device , and well worthy of those who know not what a gentleman is ; you frighten me not , executioner ’ s axe , ” added he , touching it with the cane which he held in his hand , “ and i strike you now , waiting patiently and <unk> for you to return the blow . ” her , when one of the caprices of fate , —which would almost	105.78042602539062
make us doubt the goodness of providence , if that providence did not afterwards reveal itself by proving that all is but a means of conducting to an end , —one of those caprices deprived him of his mistress , of the future of which he had dreamed ( for in his blindness he forgot he could only read the present ) , and cast him into a dungeon . ” m. cavalcanti , and i get the three millions , or even if it is thought i am going to get them , my credit will be restored , and my fortune , which for the last month or two has been swallowed up in <unk> which have been opened in my path by an inconceivable fatality	111.3526611328125
, will revive . with monsieur aramis . has just disappeared amid a cloud of dust , has furnished me with a living image of the fragility of the things of the earth . with sincere pity the young man ’ s paroxysm of grief , approached him . said athos , “ aramis is right . and return , sire ; i shall be back in ten minutes . ” ” said valentine , kneeling before him , and pointing to maximilian , “ i love him , and will be only his ; were i compelled to marry another , i would destroy myself . ” now , a crowd of young and pretty women who came to st . lord , you invoke in your	75.61289978027344
defense things which accuse you more strongly . , with two fingers spread out . look so young , so beautiful ! ” ashore ? ” large fat man , with an open physiognomy . , albert de morcerf visited the count of monte cristo at his house in the champs-élysées , which had already assumed that <unk> appearance which the count ’ s princely fortune enabled him to give even to his most temporary residences . not know with what i am threatened . s absence the extreme kindness of the fair peasant in raising her mask . conversation is most interesting ; and as i wish to enjoy it as long as possible , steer for monte cristo . ” said d ’ artagnan , laughing	96.56092834472656
, “ it appears to me that from time to time you must make <unk> ” and he again pointed to the bottles and the stewpans . not there , gentlemen ? he , half laughing , half serious ; “ i hope the carnival will not pass without some amends in one shape or the other . ” been here eighty-three hours . ” ’ cried all the brigands , when they saw the chief . a treaty and your eminence must sign it before us , promising at the same time to obtain the queen ’ s consent to it . ” sport . , i hate him ! ” said the young man . athos , “ either peace or war will be decided ;	61.80317687988281
honor , at all events , will be maintained ! ” remarked to gaetano , “ you told me that signor sinbad was going to malaga , while it seems he is in the direction of porto-vecchio . ” . , ” replied the lover , “ that were she living i should never have had the happiness of knowing you ; you would then have been too happy to have stooped from your grandeur to bestow a thought on me . ” looked toward the spot where the <unk> had been wrecked , and started . monte cristo , “ that ’ s a fine reason to give . he was active , strong , and full of presence of mind . all , one room ,	75.9669189453125
” continued monte cristo , “ very plain in appearance , hung with red damask , which , i know not why , appeared to me quite dramatic . ” he . him to me . ” well that it was a double victory for the court , a victory at home and abroad ; so that even when the young king learned the news he exclaimed , “ ah , gentlemen of the parliament , we shall see what you will say now ! ” upon which the queen had pressed the royal child to her heart , whose haughty and unruly sentiments were in such harmony with her own . you . ” it is religious , ” replied aramis ; “ it is theology in	76.11032104492188
<unk> . ” i swear , ” cried porthos , extending a hand like a shoulder of mutton . s strength had been equal to her hatred , mme . a year ; they are shown to a magistrate , and the evidence is taken . ” to escape by flight had he seen any possibility of doing so . , bleeding man , the wife grasped her husband ’ s arm . for today . carriage . ” depend upon me as firmly as i do upon you . ” the hands of d ’ artagnan , approached the lamp , set fire to the paper , and did not let go till it was reduced to a <unk> . his children , he had been by	68.75698852539062
them laid by the side of his wife , who had preceded him in eternity by two years . of satisfaction , descended the terrace steps , and sprang into his carriage , which was whirled along <unk> to the banker ’ s house . read in mazarin ’ s face the occasion of this unexpected visit , since the cardinal usually came to her apartment only after every one had retired . think it necessary that i should disturb the repose of these illustrious lords to say , ‘ gentlemen , your servant , mousqueton , is <unk> ’ what does monsieur bracieux care , think you , whether i am thirsty or not ? ” a <unk> ! _ ” cried athos . ” chatillon stammered	108.41551971435547
out . a seat , ” said d ’ artagnan , pushing a chair toward mordaunt , who sat down , pale but calm . m. de salvieux ’ s letter , embraced renée , kissed the marquise ’ s hand , and shaken that of the marquis , started for paris along the aix road . the queen ; “ but his son ? ” ; apprised by beauchamp of the circumstances , he required no explanation from albert . me if i return thy wish ! ” murmured d ’ artagnan , smiling as he pronounced the imprecation ; “ i declare i feel quite ill after only being five minutes in the courtyard . told you that i know him ! ” cried bonacieux ,	70.78451538085938
in despair . turn , let me give you my instructions . ” an adversary who was worthy of them . what you will do for me . ” with the greatest simplicity : “ i came to paris with exactly such intentions . then , ” said the lieutenant . my father . labored under dreadful nervous excitement , she was better ; and moreover , monte cristo had told him when , half distracted , he had rushed to the count ’ s house , that if she were not dead in two hours she would be saved . <unk> night . , and i did not dare inquire for you . , and then stopped to open a door , then went forward again .	62.25345993041992
a man equal to buckingham in every respect . monte cristo “ do you not know any cause for this hatred ? ” ” said the count , “ who told you that ? ” . ” the latter , closing the register with a <unk> , “ i have all i want ; now it is for me to perform my promise . you leave me in the hands of mine enemies , of the enemy of england , of the enemy of god ! joy and surprise ; never had a first attempt been crowned with more perfect success . be a worthy gentleman , a bold <unk> , an intrepid <unk> , enterprising with women , but by no means remarkable for his skill in	65.00701904296875
intrigues . a good joke ! ” to be a breakfast on the grass , took the basket , packed up the viands , added the bottles , and then took the basket on his arm . throughout the immense crowd ; every opinion was openly expressed and chorused , so to speak , of coming insurrection , as the thousand bells of all the paris churches rang out the te deum . in gallant speeches and protestations of devotion . blangy , and from blangy to neufchâtel . bernajoux , but you must not be too confident . ” but i am hourly expecting one ; it may have arrived since i left my office . ” is you . ” ” said the young man ,	148.01321411132812
“ i meet you , then , at last ! the sea , and was dragged into its depths by a thirty-six-pound shot tied to his feet . excellency of an innkeeper from nîmes who had set up a little tavern on the road from bellegarde to beaucaire . ” spot where monte cristo stopped , if but for two days , luxury <unk> and life went on with the utmost ease . reproaching me with selfishness , think a little what you have been to me—the beautiful but cold resemblance of a marble venus . affect him , and he took a perfectly physical sensation for a moral impression . villefort , “ the <unk> of this event must prove to your majesty that the issue is	143.1882781982422
in the hands of providence ; what your majesty is pleased to attribute to me as profound perspicacity is simply owing to chance , and i have profited by that chance , like a good and devoted <unk> ’ s all . just arrived by the route of dammartin , was seated at the same table , and was breakfasting . ? ” asked he , with a more sorrowful than angry tone . enough , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ ’ tis worth a louis . ” will go . ” my chamber . ” the yard . the abbé . on a physical medium , you must return the medium with your written explanation . yes . ” in token of assent . thing	69.08915710449219
is more clear to me than that <unk> is to you . door was not <unk> is much confidence among <unk> . sure of that . ” i would do one thing . ” man grows young again in his children . ” <unk> , and was purchased by a rich armenian . can find me without <unk> , you understand ? ” know what is our situation , and whether mazarin ’ s arrest wouldn ’ t be rather an encumbrance than an advantage ? ” , and advanced towards madame de villefort , whose lips opened as he approached . , and by a look asked the banker for an explanation . a poor widow and a royal orphan who wept in the corner of the	77.96528625488281
louvre , no one appeared to be aware that charles i. had ever lived and that he had perished on the scaffold . ! ” ? , madame , ” answered monte cristo . of character quite french . ” is not a good thing . the contrary , —you are still young , handsome , dignified ; it is because you have had faith ; because you have had strength , because you have had trust in god , and god has sustained you . because he is a bold fellow that he is the more to be feared . ” , ” answered d ’ artagnan ; “ but paris . ” is the same man whom i rescued from the hands of the banditti at	56.32768249511719
rome . ” curious to know what the mendicant could want with his master , kept pace with him as well as he could , and arrived almost at the same time he did ; but his quickness was not of much use to him . give it up , then , ” said the young woman , sighing . am ready to follow you . ” i forget the present ; and <unk> at will the path of history i cease to remember that i am myself a prisoner . ” the servant , announcing two fresh guests . single word , turned his head in another direction and pulled his felt hat over it . had no other hat , he picked up this as he	76.58179473876953
ran , and arrived at his quarters very pale and quite out of breath . bury the poor child there , sir ? there of these linen drapers ? ” morrel , “ will the house of thomson & french consent ? ” ; but do not be too confident . dead , as i hear . said monte cristo ; “ it is unnecessary , we know each other so well ! ” in groslow ’ s clothes . you , monsieur le coadjuteur , who have such power over them and are at the same time friendly to us , ” said the queen , ironically , “ will quiet them by bestowing your blessing upon them . ” to fetch wood , passed through the	81.75282287597656
subterranean passage into the cellar , and whilst parry was gently bolting the door , pushed up the board and beckoned to the king to follow me . a severe <unk> course of medicine , at length he sent away all his doctors , declaring that he preferred the disease to the treatment , and came to paris , where the fame of his wit had preceded him . , while fernand grasped the handle of his knife with a convulsive <unk> . him get up , stretch out your arm and seize him by the neck . ” said monte cristo to himself , “ that i can have met with a man that has no ambition ? were you ? ” some money in that secretaire	102.02461242675781
? ” gave the first billet to my lackey instead of to the count ’ s ; that it is i who have opened the others which ought to have been opened by de wardes . , and she prayed . said , “ m . the intoxication of joy , felt ready to <unk> away at the very gate of that terrestrial paradise called love ! , but i imagine that this woman , wholly unknown to me as she is , and wholly unknown to her as i am , has an influence over my life . ” up again after three <unk> from you , i shall never rise after this fourth . ” . that of the women of epirus , consisted of a	86.93646240234375
pair of white satin trousers , embroidered with pink roses , displaying feet so exquisitely formed and so delicately fair , that they might well have been taken for <unk> marble , had not the eye been undeceived by their movements as they constantly <unk> in and out of a pair of little slippers with <unk> <unk> , beautifully ornamented with gold and pearls . on the linen ? ” said monte cristo . you were , but you have frequently been seen at the opera with a young and lovely woman . ” a brother ? added she , “ you know that i wait for you . ” ’ artagnan , in his <unk> voice ; “ we shall laugh over all this in five minutes	86.3935317993164
. ” you haven ’ t served , ” said mousqueton . ! ” a woman whom the cardinal has caused to be shut up , and you wish to get her out of the hands of the cardinal . it , and , selecting the spot from whence it appeared most susceptible to attack , placed his lever in one of the crevices , and strained every nerve to move the mass . protect you ? slowly from the nag to his cavalier , as if he required some time to ascertain whether it could be to him that such strange reproaches were addressed ; then , when he could not possibly entertain any doubt of the matter , his eyebrows slightly bent , and with an	78.65991973876953
accent of irony and insolence impossible to be described , he replied to d ’ artagnan , “ i was not speaking to you , sir . ” them , dressed in black , and installed in his armchair . the gate ; if by chance the musketeers should appear , the carriage was to set off as fast as possible , pass around the convent , and go and wait for milady at a little village which was situated at the other side of the wood . ” own mind the anticipated <unk> of the next day , to which he had condemned himself by promising mercédès to spare her son , the count at last exclaimed : the surface of the sea and groslow and his	66.7477798461914
three sailors were consumed . i have encountered here ? ” grotto ; it was , like the first , empty . and this time the doors were left open . ” have gone without sleep , sustained as she was by all the <unk> which a new adventure awakened in her heart , ever thirsting for intrigues , she nevertheless accepted the offer of the superior . short ? ” asked aramis . not exaggerate the evil , ” said monte cristo , “ for by endeavoring to avoid one fault you will fall into another . said the prisoner , in french . great lord ’ s name ? ” with you , ‘ providence has struck the blow ; ’ but i must discover who	104.30614471435547
pursues me with this hatred , and when i have found him i shall kill him , or he will kill me . waiting for our turns . ” my lord , that there always remains to us a last resource . ” order to pass away the time till ten o ’ clock , when i caught sight of your carriage and horses . ” then ? ” say nothing , ” returned d ’ artagnan , who knew the vanity of the new baron . his arms , and carried her out of the circle of firelight . was boundless ; men of loyalty are scarce . ” d ’ artagnan , “ it is because i am the most unfortunate . ” . head becomes	47.79308319091797
weaker . she was faithless , and had married one of the persecutors of her betrothed . with regard to the future , did honor to the repast , the remains of which were abandoned to mousqueton , bazin , planchet , and grimaud . comrades that they had seen the king and that the queen had spoken to them ; and , in fact , they went away quite proud and happy . ” ” said the baroness , “ if slave she be , she has all the air and manner of a princess . ” at length understand ? ” boat , ” said athos . said the young officer , summoning to his mild countenance all the hatred he could find in his heart	67.13314819335938
, “ my lord , i swear all shall be done as you desire . ” will be a chance for displaying our new equipments , ” said porthos . enough for us to devise a plan . took a turn around his room . ; you have to deal with a cardinal of another kind . been chatting a few moments , a servant from m. de tréville entered , bringing a sealed packet . to the salon , and deposited them on a sofa . fields and scaling walls , and seriously alarmed at the idea suggested by you , that if caught hovering about here your father would very likely have me sent to prison as a thief . appeared to him so beautiful ,	117.173095703125
amid balls , <unk> , or <unk> , as she appeared to him at this moment , dressed in a simple robe of white satin , and accompanied by donna <unk> only one of her spanish women who had not been driven from her by the jealousy of the king or by the persecutions of richelieu . d ’ artagnan ; “ but what if this rendezvous had some hidden purpose ? ” is dying , and he wants to confess to the coadjutor , who , they say , has power to remit great sins . ” of supreme content , he left his hiding-place , and without being observed , descended one of the flights of steps provided for debarkation , and hailing three times ,	91.54035186767578
shouted “ jacopo , jacopo , jacopo ! ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ are you sure of that ? ” said mercédès , endeavoring in vain to restrain a tear which glistened in the corner of her eye . concealed some precious stone , some valuable diamond ; so that we are like those <unk> who are unable to absent themselves from their treasures . old abandoned mill , with its motionless wings , from the ruins of which an <unk> threw out its shrill , <unk> , and monotonous cry . the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate . was at the gate ; of a woman who calls herself your friend ; of a woman to whom you have told everything	118.75135803222656
. ” morrel , seizing the moist hand of the paralytic , “ they ask me who i am , and what right i have to be here . danglars , rather humble , “ what do you mean by that ? ” nothing and entered the tent . now that he had begun to fear , and yet these names , powerful though they were , had often caused him to smile with the same kind of satisfaction experienced by a traveller who from the summit of a mountain beholds at his feet the <unk> <unk> , the almost impassable paths , and the fearful <unk> , through which he has so <unk> climbed . they took me for the assassin . ? face of athos ,	77.97632598876953
and he made a step toward his eminence . will always treat my enemies and yours , duke , however high they may be placed , and whatever peril i may incur in acting severely toward them . ” said one of the guards who had remained in the chamber and had been kept awake by a <unk> , brought on by the <unk> of the atmosphere , “ my lord has had a very restless night and two or three times , while dreaming , he called for help . ” a few words to d ’ artagnan when he passed through her chamber ; but milady herself reconducted him through the darkness , and only quit him at the staircase . body of their companion ,	100.32210540771484
swimming in blood , and then recovering voice and legs together , ran screaming off . ” said monte cristo coldly . today , ” remarked the governor ; “ you are not so always ; the other day , for instance , when you tried to kill the turnkey . ” silent , solitary inn . a <unk> manner that made dantès indignant , for he felt that all the world should have for the poor abbé a love and respect equal to his own . i shall be more calm . ” night it was ? words can not express one half of my satisfaction . ” in the hands of the guards , who led him , while awaiting further orders , to a little	90.77351379394531
terrace commanding the sea ; and then the baron hastened to the duke ’ s chamber . and formal , accosted the banker in an affable and smiling manner , and , feeling sure that the overture he was about to make would be well received , he did not consider it necessary to adopt any manœuvres in order to gain his end , but went at once straight to the point . give it away or re-use it under the terms of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org . found myself utterly destitute , i thought my old friends would , perhaps , assist me . , when i came with such haste to you , that i was to meet	103.76106262207031
an enemy here . ” , and came up as soon as i could . ” replied haydée , ‘ the count of monte cristo , my <unk> , has been in normandy the last three days . ’ , ” replied the marquise , with a look of tenderness that seemed out of keeping with her harsh dry features ; but , however all other feelings may be withered in a woman ’ s nature , there is always one bright smiling spot in the desert of her heart , and that is the <unk> of maternal love . s first visit ; he wished to display his authority . surprised than ever at the tone and manners of the abbé d ’ herblay , which contrasted	69.00119018554688
so strongly with those of the musketeer aramis , remained staring with wide-open eyes at the face of his friend . the abbé . down the bag . flashed out , but only for a moment ; it became as dull and vacant as before . you others , ” he continued , rising in his stirrups , raising his sword , and addressing those musketeers who had not been able to follow his rapid <unk> . , toward anne of austria , and said with a very perplexed and embarrassed air , “ and now it remains for me to make the principal examination . ” on the preceding evening , d ’ artagnan retired . as we have said , athos , porthos , and aramis	62.26512908935547
called , and had guessed , from m. de tréville ’ s tone of voice , that he was very angry about something . her <unk> did not doubt that a single instant ; but how long might this exile last ? two hundred for them , ” said mazarin . ” cried m. coquenard , turning about in his chair , “ a real feast , <unk> <unk> . haydée , that so perfect a seclusion , though <unk> with the habits and customs of the east , may not be practicable in paris . going to eat my breakfast ? ” asked the host . will not allow you to do so . minute , and they were obliged to support him on his horse .	62.50226974487305
not send in his name ! you somewhat corsican , a great deal smuggler , and an excellent steward ; but i see you have other strings to your bow . a source of lasting remorse to him , the shadow that haunted him by day and night . the reckoning , while d ’ artagnan and planchet stood at the street door . d ’ artagnan , “ draw up the blinds of his majesty ’ s carriage . ” to be prime minister and her majesty ’ s favorite , if he will grant to me and my friends what we demand for france and for ourselves . ” bandits were on their feet , and twenty carbines were levelled at the count . a furious	92.6889877319336
royalist ; but , in spite of that , and of his being king ’ s attorney , he is a man like ourselves , and i fancy not a bad sort of one . ” is delicately organized , and she is peculiarly susceptible to the odors even of <unk> , there are some which cause her to faint if brought into her presence . like a true mercer , not being at all a military man , as he himself informed us . monte cristo “ you were a major ; that is the title the french give to the post which you filled in italy . ” and i shall not lose by the exchange . be at home and see me ? ” port	102.6241226196289
, ” said aramis ; “ it will refresh you . ” the world , ” cried aramis , “ is that animal bazin doing ? s visiting the colosseum , as we did last night , by moonlight , and nearly alone . ” made an appointment to meet at eleven o ’ clock at the hotel , and each started out to fulfill his dangerous mission . , barrois ? ” asked he . the viscount , — “ i saw <unk> executed , but i think i was rather intoxicated that day , for i had quitted college the same morning , and we had passed the previous night at a tavern . ” not less incredible was the purse he held in his hand	72.53426361083984
, the <unk> <unk> splendid diamond . the king , “ is the messenger ’ s name m. de villefort ? ” have ever the honor to go there , ” continued m. d ’ artagnan the elder , “ —an honor to which , remember , your ancient nobility gives you the <unk> worthily your name of gentleman , which has been worthily borne by your ancestors for five hundred years , both for your own sake and the sake of those who belong to you . that he discovered through three or four rather frivolous adventures , that the count , like himself , had a secret to hide in the depths of his heart . an account of what you are doing here at this	88.93209075927734
hour . ” to pay their respects to the king and queen in their coach . monte cristo , “ and god , —i can not say in justice , for his justice would have slain you , —but god , in his mercy , spared your life . ” an air as athos , and the commencement of their intimacy often rendered him unjust toward that gentleman , whom he endeavored to <unk> by his splendid dress . think so ; we appointed to meet at la chevrette . ” to give a ball to mazarin . ” step , doubtless aware of what awaited him . understand everything , even the hidden sources of knowledge , —and who <unk> the part of a guardian angel upon	103.6319580078125
earth , and could not even find an antidote to a poison administered to a young girl ! , ” said milady , “ it is possible i may be deceived , and that d ’ artagnan and his friends may really come to your assistance . ” madame de villefort and danglars ; the other seats were filled by debray , who was placed between the two cavalcanti , and by château-renaud , seated between madame de villefort and morrel . by the world , for i am not an italian , or a frenchman , or a hindu , or an <unk> , or a <unk> am a <unk> . torch , and turned to see if they came after him . grew white with rage	51.53553009033203
. england he seduced the wife of one of my friends . ” ” said porthos , “ it does not exceed two thousand five hundred livres ! shall make use of them , ” said d ’ artagnan . to haydée to address his visitor . . ” ! ” this project ? ” through the hole they were making into this loft and cut out from below a piece of the flooring of the king ’ s room , so as to form a kind of trap-door . ” indulgent to you in your dying moments than you found the abbé busoni , send for me , if i am still on earth , and i will soothe your ears with words that shall effectually calm	58.49844741821289
and soothe your parting soul ere it goes forth to traverse the ocean called eternity . ” indiscretion to ask to see those precious pills ? ” continued beauchamp , hoping to take him at a disadvantage . i heard his sobs , and i could not resist my desire to go up to him , but when i reached his door he was no longer weeping but praying . , he waited in vain for his son to come to his apartment with the account of his triumph . “ if the cardinal has set this young fox upon me , he will certainly not have <unk> , who knows how bitterly i <unk> <unk> tell his spy that the best means of making his court to	120.67595672607422
me is to rail at him . said she , “ what a senseless fanatic ! , sir ? ” asked the driver . the living barrier was violently broken through . forehead from his embrace , or withhold my hand from his ? august 23 , 1628 chapter lx . i waited at the door . ” the country , and the son enters the army . ” large as a nut to be worth all that . ” of the guards who had declared himself the friend of bois-tracy , “ besides , ” continued he , “ i have reflected , my dear intimate of bois-tracy , that i am not less tenderly his friend than you can possibly be ; so that decidedly this	103.83362579345703
handkerchief is as likely to have fallen from your pocket as mine . ” ” said villefort with a bow . milady , “ but i shall lose that which is much dearer to me than life , i shall lose my honor , felton ; and it is you , you whom i make responsible , before god and before men , for my shame and my infamy . ” ’ clock by albert ’ s watch when the two friends entered into the <unk> . that he had not taken these precautions , and had simply thrown it in a corner . energetic resolution , which albert did not fear on his own account , alarmed him for his mother . a very small , low	65.8495864868164
window , just large enough to let a man through . things said as that ; this is a fine conversation with an officer of the king ! favor , young man , ” replied m. de tréville , “ but it may not be so far beyond your hopes as you believe , or rather as you appear to believe . we are lodged , as you perceive . ” is his name ? ” the parliament in the name of the court , and the other in the name of the people ; and then there won ’ t be any parliament at all . ” entirely , sir ; but all that even you know with respect to the french code , i know ,	49.81538009643555
not only in reference to that code , but as regards the codes of all nations . queen , and in an altered voice said , “ why , madame , have you not thought proper to wear your diamond studs , when you know it would give me so much gratification ? ” athos , as soon as they were again in motion , “ reduced to two masters and grimaud and planchet ! two sovereigns give you in exchange for these magnificent presents ? ” asked debray . my lord ! yesterday . ” the dragoon . and had a king in keeping . ” till he asks ; you will speak first , and tell him that i am gone on the lookout , because	98.81932830810547
certain expressions of our host have given me reason to think the road is not safe . of the seraskier kourchid suddenly appeared , and selim fell , pierced by five blows . it again , he was struck by the presence of a man who was standing at the open door and was gazing at him with a compassionate air . cardinal up here ; if he makes any noise stifle him . ” if you see anything such a night as this , ” said porthos . you are about to destroy yourself , ” continued the count , “ and here is proof of what i say ; ” and , approaching the desk , he removed the sheet of paper which morrel had placed	83.22953033447266
over the letter he had begun , and took the latter in his hands . of surprise and the queen turned to him with a start of joy . now and then by the still darker lines of the roofs of houses . . the courage of d ’ artagnan , which she knew , and the cardinal in the strength of porthos , which he had experienced . it ? ” me to lay aside the mask , and i will do so , be satisfied ! was in a fair way , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ and as to aramis to tell you the truth , i have never been seriously uneasy on his account . question to you . ” to you	41.141746520996094
, my boy . i saw him pass ; but pray , call emmanuel . ” he of the count , “ what has , then , happened ? ” over my face , but i was intoxicated , i was delirious , and the blood refreshed , instead of burning me . to a room on the ground floor of a pavilion , at the end of the orangery . ( more numerous that evening than usual , for their number was augmented by <unk> and <unk> from the café de paris ) , <unk> on their employers their anger at what they termed the insult to which they had been subjected , they collected in groups in the hall , in the kitchens , or in	104.58130645751953
their rooms , thinking very little of their duty , which was thus naturally interrupted . louise , going to listen at madame danglars ’ door . ” present it was that you might adorn yourself therewith . you from letting me know the second reason ? ” ; and if you were at rome , the house of thomson & french would make no more difficulty about paying the money on my receipt than you have just done . ” july ? about to treat with the court . ” as well concealed the comte de la fère , as the name milady clarik concealed anne de <unk> . saddle . ” passes over me as i reflect that possibly i am now standing on the very	129.43917846679688
grave in which lies m. de villefort , by whose hand the ground was dug to receive the corpse of his child . ” porthos , ” said d ’ artagnan . gout , but notwithstanding his illness , which had prevented his mounting on horseback for the last <unk> is , since paris had been <unk> was ready to receive the comte de la fere and the chevalier d ’ herblay . ” replied aramis , “ who however , does not handle the axe amiss . ” men and not lose sight of them ; when you have discovered where they lodge , come and await me at the town gate . ” some mischief might happen to you . ” is not the prince ,	67.91947174072266
then monsieur de <unk> ” ? ” murmured danglars . opened and a man began to sing : , after my death , to general <unk> , who shall bequeath the packet to his son , with an injunction to preserve it as containing an important document . ’ ; the company clapped their hands . followed the retreating figures and when the last had closed the door she turned away . wanting. ” then he said aloud , “ my dear friend , your attack has , perhaps , fatigued you ; had you not better repose awhile ? is beating . the colosseum by moonlight , as he had shown him saint peter ’ s by daylight . happen , you may be sure , ”	111.42568969726562
said d ’ artagnan . the <unk> dantès guessed that the two grave-diggers had come to seek <unk> idea was soon converted into certainty , when he heard the noise they made in putting down the <unk> . guitant , with a burst of laughter ; “ those men must be poets . ” me to do ? ” , my friend ; to so good a marksman as you are , i may say what would appear absurd to another . ” i am going instantly , ” interrupted the duchess , “ to send for the prince de marsillac , who is happily , in paris just now . ” replied groslow . he clasped his hands , opened his haggard eyes , and , overcome	61.5703010559082
with his emotion , sank into a chair . ; and be wise if you wish to preserve your heads . ” going away in that manner ? horses which the stable boys are leading about . help . his master ’ s words , then , kneeling on one knee , respectfully kissed the hand of the count . when my mother , who was called vasiliki , which means royal , ” said the young girl , tossing her head proudly , “ took me by the hand , and after putting in our purse all the money we possessed , we went out , both covered with <unk> , to solicit alms for the prisoners , saying , ‘ he who <unk> to the poor	88.34851837158203
<unk> to the <unk> ’ then when our purse was full we returned to the palace , and without saying a word to my father , we sent it to the convent , where it was divided amongst the prisoners . ” week in my cellar i shall be a ruined man . ” of triumph , offered the paper to dantès , who this time read the following words , traced with an ink of a reddish color resembling rust : the air of liberty ! we succeeded , and worked up to arles . that woman ! had not controlled himself as he ought , but at that moment , as if he had listened at the door and comprehended the urgent need of <unk> la	94.58600616455078
ramee ’ s ideas , grimaud entered and made a sign to la ramee that he had something to say to him . it because you were four times guilty ? i am always at at his eminence ’ s orders . ” ! not ! ” answered caderousse , “ you merely threw it <unk> saw it lying in a corner . ” it me himself . ” contrary , took the right hand ; arrived near a clump of trees , he stopped . ” said he ; “ whence comes that cry ? ” . that to be the case , ” said cavalcanti . me to drop the subject ? ” it is to have your father starve to death in your absence ?	57.155269622802734
” cried monte cristo , thrusting his hands into his hair ; “ have you seen the woman you loved giving her hand to your rival , while you were perishing at the bottom of a dungeon ? ” ; do not boast of what you have come to paris to do , or have done ; return with all speed ; enter marseilles at night , and your house by the <unk> , and there remain , quiet , submissive , secret , and , above all , inoffensive ; for this time , i swear to you , we shall act like powerful men who know their enemies . , ” said she , “ and today is saturday ; i dare say it is the	70.87556457519531
doctor , grandpapa . ” the remark about the general , and no one had recognized in the officer who betrayed the castle of yanina the noble count in the house of peers . ” said the soldier , uneasy at perceiving that all was not over . judges , and these judges will decide . ” providing access to a work with the phrase “ project gutenberg ” associated with or appearing on the work , you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.e.1 through 1.e.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the project gutenberg™ trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.e.8 or 1.e.9 . the works of modern artists ; there were landscapes by <unk> , with their long <unk>	114.58968353271484
and tall trees , their <unk> oxen and marvellous skies ; <unk> ’ s arabian cavaliers , with their long white <unk> , their shining <unk> , their damasked arms , their horses , who tore each other with their teeth while their riders contended fiercely with their maces ; <unk> of <unk> , representing notre dame de paris with that vigor that makes the artist the rival of the poet ; there were paintings by <unk> , who makes his flowers more beautiful than flowers , his <unk> more brilliant than the sun ; designs by decamp , as vividly colored as those of <unk> rosa , but more poetic ; <unk> by <unk> and <unk> , representing children like angels and women with the features of	266.40869140625
a virgin ; <unk> torn from the album of <unk> ’ “ travels in the east , ” that had been made in a few seconds on the saddle of a <unk> , or beneath the dome of a <unk> a word , all that modern art can give in exchange and as recompense for the art lost and gone with ages long since past . serve me as it did when we came over . ” phaeton , monte cristo turned , and seeing bertuccio , “ what news ? ” said he . door , with his eyes starting and his hair on end . spend yearly ? ” asked the prefect . ” exclaimed debray ; “ that girl is not his wife : he	100.36750793457031
told us himself she was his slave . said d ’ artagnan . a man of about fifty . ” forenoon monsieur de beaufort had a game of tennis with la ramee ; a sign from grimaud put him on the alert . busoni had told your excellency . ” my lord ; a good animal , whose paces suit me . ” was hideous ; her usual feverish <unk> was intensified , her countenance had become livid , and her eyes resembled burning <unk> . which had been shown him by the banker ’ s family , in which he had been received as a son , and where , besides , his warmest affections had found an object on which to centre in mademoiselle danglars .	100.46360778808594
. , ” said morrel ; “ did you not yourself tell me so as we left paris ? ” the queen , ” resumed d ’ artagnan , <unk> , “ to storm the tower of london , to kill a hundred thousand soldiers , to fight <unk> against the wishes of the nation and the ambition of a man , and when that man is cromwell ? sir , ” replied andrea with a sigh , still more remarkable than the former ones . ring , and drawing from his pocket a pair of steel <unk> and a small set of copper <unk> , he took the stone out of its setting , and weighed it carefully . , strong , and enduring , like yourself	56.73038864135742
, and will aid you in your escape , while i have been but a <unk> . that some misfortune has happened to them on the way . ” pity send for a physician ; my whole fortune shall not be thought too much for the recovery of my boy . ” and quoted as a model of it . cried the president , “ what do you mean ? ” to the queen ? ” cried buckingham , the instant he came up , throwing all his fear and love into the question . andrea , commanding silence by his voice and manner ; “ i owe you the proofs and explanations of what i have said . ” you , m. de villefort , for you	44.09613800048828
must be fatigued after so long a journey ; go and rest . if her husband fails in controlling her ? ” asked lucien ; “ you know the character of the <unk> one has any influence with her , and she does precisely what she pleases . ” him ? ” are to endure every sorrow on this earth , hear the result of our unhappy mission . ” else ? a man of his disposition never kills himself , for he constantly hopes . are ! ” said the major , half aloud . notoriety <unk> you . ” never made such an answer as that when the service of your majesty was concerned , ” said athos , bowing with great dignity . is not	88.1031265258789
dead , if it is she we have just seen , you will meet with her again some day or other . , tréville , ” said the king ; “ perhaps you did not know it ? ” mme . wished to cry out , but an icy shiver ran through my veins and stifled my voice ; i fell lifeless , and fancied myself killed . , which he had carried between his teeth as he swam . it . ” cristo ? ” . ” me ? ” he asked . the <unk> cavalcanti and the marchesa oliva corsinari . say , ” continued caderousse , in his native language , which was not altogether devoid of rude poetry , “ i can not help	64.55137634277344
being more frightened at the idea of the <unk> of the dead than the hatred of the living . ” . ” replied porthos . the walls and call out to a man who works in the moat to send them back again . ” this insolent boy ? ” asked the lady . knees , at the same time holding me up towards heaven , as if she desired , while praying to god in my behalf , to raise me actually to his presence . ” concluded with these words : “ the present accusation is preferred by us in the name of the english people . ” caderousse , “ i would give a great deal if nothing of the kind had happened ; or	60.596900939941406
, at least , that i had had no hand in it . then , prefer a method , ” resumed d ’ artagnan , “ which would equally avenge you while rendering the combat useless ? ” shed your blood . ” only , your <unk> . ” the abbess was a royalist or a cardinalist ; she therefore confined herself to a prudent middle course . the evening before ? the procureur , “ and i think the will promises to be yet more extraordinary , for i can not see how it is to be drawn up without the intervention of valentine , and she may , perhaps , be considered as too much interested in its contents to allow of her being a suitable	96.72599792480469
interpreter of the obscure and <unk> wishes of her grandfather . ” ? ” inquired the guest , as caderousse placed before him the bottle of wine and a glass . set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement , the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law . from me , putange was exiled , madame de chevreuse fell into disgrace , and when you wished to come back as ambassador to france , the king <unk> , my <unk> king himself opposed it . ” at the same time , ‘ you see i thus destroy the only proof existing against you . ’ ” anyone , madame .	132.51873779296875
” by which i could measure the time reached me ; i only supposed it must be seven or eight o ’ clock in the evening , for it was in the month of october and it was quite dark . , or rather the <unk> of the same man , whom we have <unk> seen as assistant attorney at marseilles . ” asked the duke . , ” said i , “ and in addition to my dishonor , you shall have my death to reproach yourself with . ” his eyes for a prophet ? ” shoulders . but let us go . blacas ; he is a man of strong and elevated understanding , ambitious , too , and , _pardieu ! _ you know	59.868255615234375
his father ’ s name ! ” two hundred crowns . ” us , who are your children , against the will of my father ? ” appears to me to be impracticable , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ inasmuch as i am myself ignorant of what instructions i can give you . generalissimo . furious ? ” moment with an official , then opened the iron gates and conducted andrea to a room on the first floor . boat , which was immediately pushed off and which soon sped <unk> under the efforts of four <unk> rowers . athos , laughing . you on the point , and have had some dishes prepared expressly . ” have about you. ” danglars felt a dreadful spasm	76.52740478515625
dart through his heart . great appearance on the table . girl on the head , he continued , “ haydée is very courageous , and she sometimes even finds consolation in the recital of her misfortunes . ” pocket a small box covered with black shagreen , the abbé opened it , and displayed to the dazzled eyes of caderousse the sparkling jewel it contained , set in a ring of admirable workmanship . this is an adventure worthy a place in the varied career of that royal bandit . pleasures fled , while dragging on a life of care , all your woes will melt in air , if to god your tears are shed , you who weep ! ” eyes , and made a	159.6892547607422
gesture of satisfaction . reseated himself . the highest nobility . over in his brain for the twentieth time , when the door opened and eugénie appeared , attired in a figured black satin dress , her hair dressed and gloves on , as if she were going to the italian opera . rouse the whole quarter . ” scene of enchantment ; the table was splendidly covered , and once convinced of this important point he cast his eyes around him . ? ” he asked . as well as myself , that milady de winter is a very guilty woman , and it is treating her very favorably to <unk> her punishment to <unk> ” the duke put his pen to the paper . she expired	96.96234130859375
. ” light or the angel of darkness say to that mind , at once implacable and generous ? married tomorrow , if not <unk> a week , if not tomorrow ; and i do not think you can regret the intended husband of your daughter . ” minutes the staircase groaned beneath an extraordinary weight . , found the lackeys at their posts , placed them as sentinels at all the <unk> of the hôtel , and came to find athos , who had just received this information when his friends returned . , afraid of some feint , he still stood on the defensive . your friends ? ” on horseback , appeared on the edge of the wood ; three of them appeared to be	108.3603744506836
looking for the fugitive , while the fourth dragged a brigand prisoner by the neck . and elegant in its form , was gliding amidst the first dews of night over the immense lake , extending from <unk> to the <unk> , and from tunis to venice . be too great a disappointment to my father if i do not marry mademoiselle danglars . ” don ’ t be uneasy about that . ” are a great man ; and when you occupy monsieur de tréville ’ s place , i will come and ask your influence to secure me an abbey . ” i brought you ! ” said morrel , when he was alone with the count . time to see him again . tended toward	74.27157592773438
the wall ; on the other side he found similar tracks , then <unk> of horses and then signs of a troop of cavalry which had moved away in the direction of enghien . by monsieur le comte with the intention , i believe , of making me a soldier ; and he gave me reason to hope that at paris he would present me to some one who would recommend me to the favor of the prince . ” of his salon proved to franz and albert that he was a connoisseur of pictures . your turn , ” said the coadjutor , turning to the last that remained ; “ have you anything as good to offer me as the two gentlemen who have left us	82.71929931640625
? ” announced , and d ’ artagnan was introduced . suspects ? ” said monte cristo with charming artlessness . which beauchamp had closed the conference left a bitter recollection in his heart . milady to the paper , he read : “ ‘ order to <unk> ’ the name is blank , ” interrupted lord de winter . by monsieur ’ s happiness , and go to bed ? ” with what concerns me , and i know how to make believe that i haven ’ t seen what does not concern me ; but i hate hypocrites , and among that number i place musketeers who are abbés and abbés who are musketeers ; and , ” he added , turning to porthos “ here	83.231201171875
’ s a gentleman who ’ s of the same opinion as myself . ” morcerf , “ there goes a happy man ! ” and it so happened albert was not mistaken in his opinion . the boat continued <unk> , rocked only by the <unk> waves . , who is not quite well , ” replied madame de villefort , no longer being able to avoid answering . at its mouth , and deep in the centre , to admit of the entrance of a small vessel of the lugger class , which would be perfectly concealed from observation . no , you must not groan , you must tremble ! ” porthos , “ i speak french and they are all english . ” ”	65.13004302978516
felton . , this young <unk> ” _ ” said aramis , “ it was only this : i had a dream , and i related it to her . ” de saint-méran incurred his displeasure , so he poured out three drops of his <unk> drops were sufficient ; then followed barrois , the old servant of m. noirtier , who sometimes <unk> this little <unk> therefore received the same quantity of the elixir ; the same happened to valentine , of whom he was jealous ; he gave her the same dose as the others , and all was over for her as well as the rest . ” to tell you that she still loved you . ” unable to reply from excess of emotion	72.65607452392578
. , ” said albert ; “ here begins the trial . us go . ” has his foot on the cellar door . ” and , as he said , it was an ancient name . large easy-chair , her head supported by her hand , her elbow resting on a table , was looking at her son , who was turning over the leaves of a large book filled with pictures . , but they were at first fixed and <unk> ; then sight returned , and with it feeling and grief . have been a congestion of the brain , or apoplexy , which is the same thing , is it not ? ” quite sure you were a good and brave young man ,	53.373504638671875
” said mme . <unk> ” he said ; “ here is your sword . ” confirmed all his suspicions , athos returned to the hôtel , and found planchet impatiently waiting for him . you of the ceremony ? ” , ” said comminges , “ you shall hear of this <unk> . ” my friend , ” said the englishman ; “ i wish to speak to you . ” had touched a rib , and glanced along the bone . ” replied danglars , who reckoned on <unk> his keeper ; “ but i am content . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ you would rather be killed than desert your post ? ” not be realized , since mademoiselle danglars must become	32.76484298706055
my lawful wife , live perpetually with me , sing to me , compose verses and music within ten paces of me , and that for my whole life , it frightens me . the prince of wales or the duke of <unk> . ” the cardinal ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , pale with terror . rose to take leave : <unk> will not be seen . in the castle , except of a footstep up and down , in the chamber <unk> he supposed , the bedroom of athos . the pleasure , ” replied the count ; “ but i have not seen your father . ” simple , ” he said ; “ don ’ t allow anybody , except one person ,	61.85701370239258
to enter here . , m. danglars ; today all preliminaries will be arranged at my father ’ s , and tomorrow , or next day at latest , the wedding festival here at la réserve . his intentions ; but albert had great projects to put into execution before going to the theatre ; and instead of making any answer , he inquired if signor pastrini could procure him a tailor . does not come , it will be because he has been delayed , that ’ s all . no . ” june . ” belated passenger , went up to him , and spoke a few words to him . the grave-diggers , “ two ! a letter . like <unk> my hands . ”	88.38732147216797
andrea , leaping with joy . arms readily against thieves , wolves or scoundrels , often against nobles or huguenots , sometimes against the king , but never against the cardinal or spain . and scarlet with humiliation , left the room , shutting the door violently after her . send edward to you for a short time ? ” used to say to the late king , ‘ only to show you the way , <unk> ’ ” and aramis ascended the ladder quickly and reached the window in an instant . wretch ? ” ” said the englishman . than ever , <unk> , his manner was so kind that several times morrel was on the point of telling him all . be of use to	125.8917007446289
her ; do not envy me this happiness . ” i throw my lasso , and as i now know in which part of the cellar is the best wine , that ’ s my point for sport . , i shall have an independent fortune , and ” — but impossibilities . ” made about that period , and porthos , who had in addition to my lessons taught me some effective tricks of fence , prevailed upon me to solicit the uniform of a musketeer . these remarks with the rapidity of a most minute observer , and doubtless from an instinctive feeling that this stranger was destined to have a great influence over his future life . ’ artagnan checked himself . dear friend .	127.27555847167969
” pistoles of aramis . ” follow me ; you will not watch me ? ” leisure hours in the donjon of vincennes . soul , ” said the young man ; “ but are you really the executioner of bethune , as these people say ? ” uncommon in italy , if we may credit travellers , the <unk> did not manifest the least incredulity , but congratulated albert on his success . s breath out of his body when he assumed the command without consulting anyone , and he caused us to lose a day and a half at the island of elba , instead of making for marseilles direct . ” remain always alone in this vast and dismal chamber ? ” asked milady .	74.56592559814453
, but i must pray for the dead . ” and <unk> louis , ” said peppino ; “ you have paid two louis in advance . ” rita , telling her she was saved , and bidding her write to her father , to inform him what had occurred , and that her ransom was fixed at three hundred piastres . ; his eminence expects me in half an hour . ” usual precision , opened a printed paper , and read : succor follows in the train of a king to replace him on his throne , it is an avowal that he no longer possesses the help and love of his own subjects . ” count de guiche a blush spread over the cheeks of	88.80712890625
the young princess and the queen glanced at her with some degree of severity . . appeared more brilliant than on that <unk> with grace and wit . ” master , ” cried bertuccio , casting himself at the count ’ s feet , “ it was simply <unk> else . ” army had attempted a sortie , more to assure itself and others of its actual existence than with any more serious intention . porthos , “ are we all going away , then ? ” ! ” said monte cristo , putting the light near his face . which you would give me are almost crimes . ” your triumphant idea to anybody ? ” . alone that makes me thus in haste ; i must	88.75865173339844
go to paris . ” his life , and as he has a regard for his head , he feels some gratitude towards me for having kept it on his shoulders . ” jewels , sold your clothes and my own to pay his servants , who refused to accompany him unless i made this sacrifice . perhaps , franz had never before experienced so sudden an impression , so rapid a transition from gayety to sadness , as in this moment . ” the refreshment room , the three musketeers and the two guards following him . monsieur , and i repeat , that the handkerchief did not fall from my pocket . ” , my daughter is her only <unk> alone . his influence to obtain	87.2447280883789
it for me ; but he also declared that he never had taken on himself the responsibility of making proposals for another , and he never would . ” said monte cristo ; “ really i do not know what i have been thinking <unk> have positively kept you standing for the last quarter of an hour . ” . countenance , saddled the horses quickly and mounted his own without making faces over it . , also join in betraying me , monsieur cardinal , by thus always opposing my will ? ” was the tranquil response ; “ i am too fond of art to attempt anything of that sort . horses , i am particularly anxious to preserve the harnesses . ” franz , “	101.2681655883789
the peasant girl who snatched his <unk> from him—— ” and went away to execute the orders thus received . to my request , i promise you never to mention another word about escaping . ” will not fail to do so . ” <unk> , which is lying but little , when he said that by going in search of milady he at the same time went in search of constance . down the grand staircase . ” time ; we shall return to them , unless mazarin <unk> them to the ground . ” ” has allied itself with the nobility of the cannon . , ” said parry , with tears in his eyes and in a tone of supplication , “ do not look	70.36184692382812
to the left as we leave the hall . ” ” replied chatillon , in so low a voice that though the two friends were listening eagerly they could hardly hear this <unk> . then , turning to the governor , observed , “ he will become <unk> is already more gentle ; he is afraid , and retreated before the <unk> are not afraid of anything ; i made some curious observations on this at <unk> ” then , turning to the prisoner , “ what is it you want ? ” said he . gascon , ’ said i , ‘ only when i <unk> ’ the answer pleased him and he laughed . , remove the <unk> ” and d ’ artagnan pushed the <unk>	70.59090423583984
mercer among the guards , saying to him , “ you are a shabby old fellow , my dear . london ? ” asked athos . of her husband , and more particularly his cupidity , she did not despair of bringing him round to her purpose . not reply ? ” resumed mazarin . friends with a melancholy smile . post , beginning to be rather uneasy at this silence and this solitude . , during which valentine , breathless and motionless , watched steadfastly over morrel . ? ” from the wall , he handed it to franz , who read as follows : corridor ; milady recognized the step of lord de winter . ? ” interrupted mme . in some unpleasant position , but	76.45809936523438
do not know of what nature , for i did not ask , not being inquisitive . . ” will break in the window . arrived at chantilly , which they reached about eight o ’ clock in the morning . dishonor , sir , nobody is rich ; and henry iv. , of glorious memory , who was the king of the gascons , as his majesty philip iv . rest heightened the respect , nay almost the veneration , of danglars for cavalcanti . your own hands ? ” first grotto ; he had now to seek the second . recognized the writing , and , since there were no details in it of what had occurred , asked for particulars . night before to change	97.65281677246094
their <unk> . of the papers might be in the arabian , romaic , or turkish language , and the interpreter of the house was in attendance . in the chaussée d ’ antin ; but i know neither the street nor the number . ” to travel , my lord ? ” asked mousqueton , rather uneasy . accept a little souvenir , a magnificent spanish _genet_ and an andalusian mule , which were beautiful to look upon . , ” murmured albert , still burning the papers . or porthos ? ” watch , and paced up and down with a countenance expressive of the greatest anguish . will keep our promise . him . ” raised his shirt and looked complacently on his strong arm	88.22200775146484
, as large as the leg of any ordinary man . we trust your eminence will deign to explain yourself , and we should then at least be acquainted with our real position . ” , sir , as our place of meeting , in order to avoid the disagreeable impressions and influences of a banker ’ s study . is beautiful ; she possesses all earthly seductions . maximilian , “ how could you say the _pharaon_ was lost ? , ” returned porthos ; “ and even when one is killed , one rises again , the proof of which is , that here we are ! ” <unk> all difficulties , and i have only to ask you , my dear m. de morcerf ”	90.77615356445312
( these words were accompanied by a most peculiar smile ) , “ whether you undertake , upon my arrival in france , to open to me the doors of that fashionable world of which i know no more than a <unk> or a native of cochin-china ? ” coward , or i shall cut off your ears . , ” replied the valet ; “ you had forbidden me to disturb you , but the count of morcerf has called me . ” cristo . ” and beauty which many duchesses would have purchased with their <unk> . de tréville , the whole assemblage rushed into the cabinet , he not thinking to shut the door against anyone , and all crowded round the wounded man .	75.93363189697266
valentine , “ my grandfather wishes for a <unk> ” at this strange and unexpected demand m. de villefort and his father exchanged looks . . the count , “ you are right—it is miraculous . ” who regulate <unk> beforehand . been below , and like everyone else she thought the young ladies were in their own room ; madame danglars , therefore , went to bed without a shadow of suspicion , and began to muse over the recent events . extraordinary ascendancy monte cristo exercised over everything around him , did not endeavor to resist it . s servant , and must go wherever that service calls you . ” remember , ” said the patron , “ i told you that among the crew	92.54166412353516
there were two corsican brigands ? ” madame de villefort , on whom the <unk> style adopted by the count made a deep impression , “ nay , but consider that to preserve my life he has risked his own . ” of old age , but of grief ; it appears that since the death of the marquis , which affected her very deeply , she has not completely recovered her reason . ” upon a topic so pleasing to morrel , that he was ready to <unk> to anything that valentine thought fit to propose , and he likewise felt that a piece of intelligence such as he just heard ought to be more than sufficient to content him for one day . he , “	97.63377380371094
you have offered us places in your carriage , and at your windows in the rospoli palace . ” cried d ’ artagnan . his penitents passed , and as she was young and pretty aramis took off his cap to her with his most gracious smile . , therefore , is easily accounted for . he said : departure and had planted people on the road to prevent them ever reaching their destination . first consolation . everybody is looking at her ; and in spite of bradshaw ’ s gaze she has not turned pale . ” friends reminded him that he had a visit to pay , but at the same time bade him observe that there was yet time to retract . <unk> ,	93.34519958496094
sire . ” following month the king , in compliance with the promise he had made the cardinal to return to la rochelle , left his capital still in amazement at the news which began to spread itself of buckingham ’ s assassination . , if i remember rightly , on the very probable <unk> of your being charged by the cardinal with my arrest . the night , and the bandits wrapped themselves in their cloaks , and lay down before the fire . to him as a consequence of the affair of yesterday , and the two will pass off together . ” ! it ? ” asked a dragoon , with his saber run through a goose which he was taking to be cooked .	88.82927703857422
a distance through all these open doors . benedetto ’ s name was mentioned in his presence , but there was no reason why anyone should notice his doing so . two hundred pistoles ; call upon my treasurer and get the money . ” said monte cristo , after the first compliments were over , “ what is the matter with you , m. de villefort ? from this house ; afterward we shall see . ” die with hunger . ’ after <unk> ? ” i wish i could say as much , for i do conceal myself ; and then i was afraid you would not recognize me , but you did , ” added caderousse with his unpleasant smile . friends of other times	65.85636901855469
; among those who aided you to contend against the duc de richelieu and even to conquer him . ” he <unk> , cigars , <unk> . have just told me—that mazarin has placed me in the pavilion of the orangery in order to make me a visit , and assure him that i shall take advantage of this honor he proposes to accord to me to obtain from him some <unk> of our captivity . ” , ” said comminges to the coachman , who was by then more dead than alive . each other for a <unk> one with a smile of <unk> on his lips , the other with the pallor of death on his brow . of persons condemned to suffer , their names	89.71212005615234
, and description of the death they are to die . ” monte cristo “ i perfectly recollect him ; i think he was your colleague . ” . has been of no consequence ? ” man had just uttered recurred to grimaud , who turned away his head . all about it , ” replied mousqueton . , cold , and rigid as a corpse , then , and not before , <unk> careful about this , <unk> open my teeth with the knife , pour from eight to ten drops of the liquor contained in the phial down my throat , and i may perhaps revive . ” all , ” said valentine ; “ from you i have nothing to conceal . the president ,	68.82453155517578
“ lead in the accused . ” show us the way and we will follow you . ” ? ” screamed milady . president , ” he said , in a clear voice , “ but i see you are going to adopt a course of questions through which i can not follow you . you say ? ” snare , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ i shall scent it out , be assured . i live ; i expect you tomorrow morning at nine o ’ clock . ’ ” you must know i can not possibly live out of lucca ; therefore i shall return to italy as soon as i can . ” she was right in her supposition . what rapidity d	39.545555114746094
’ artagnan seized the expression of a countenance . appears , pursues her and persecutes her more than ever . them ! ” mazarin , drawing the ring from his finger , “ my dear d ’ artagnan , there is a diamond which belonged to you formerly , it is but just it should return to you ; take it , i pray . ” in deep sorrow , is she not ? ” said debray to franz . ; she makes the young look ever forward , not behind . , and i take upon myself to punish him for his want of courtesy . ” . ” ! or small , were turned in the direction to which the mistral blows , one of the	67.06928253173828
three curses of provence , the others being the <unk> and the parliament . and charitable thought , ” said monte cristo , “ and the whole world should <unk> it . i understand , ” said danglars , and then in a low tone , he added , “ to paris , no doubt to deliver the letter which the grand marshal gave him . your desk , ” said monte cristo , pointing with his finger to the pistols on the table . on the brink of misfortune , <unk> over ideas like these ! and the tiber is very near the via <unk> ” franz felt a shudder run through his veins at observing that the feeling of the duke and the countess was so	61.19602966308594
much in unison with his own personal disquietude . ” master caderousse , that you are mistaken . ” ” said he , “ she is asleep ; that ’ s well . glass again as if nothing had happened ; his face was like marble , and his heart was like bronze . we have seen , watched for valentine , and informed her of her grandfather ’ s wish . angrily , disappeared in the darkness and took the road to paris . repose . observed that he could not continue his journey . ” am a christian , ” stammered caderousse , “ you will make me die of fright ! ” heart beat , a faint breath played upon his lips , a slight	58.49925994873047
shudder , announcing the return of life , passed through the young man ’ s frame . delays or difficulties , valentine , as long as you confessed that you loved me , and took pity on me ? they were too <unk> for anyone to dare look for them where they were . the gascons have , as it is asserted , like those of cats , the faculty of seeing in the dark . valentine ’ s father and acknowledge all , begging villefort to pardon and sanction the love which united two fond and loving hearts . street , they saw a man in a cassock standing on the threshold of the next door . you have seen me ; you knew me once .	124.114990234375
” you , perhaps she will try to kill you . <unk> beautiful ! ” cried louise . would like capital . ” ? ” asked the captain , who was attentively reading <unk> ’ s _life of alexander_ . <unk> ! than a hundred pistoles ’ worth ! eyes , and he understood the joke , which he did not think quite so stupid as he had done just before . always travelling . ” ” said the dragoon , placing his saber like a spit upon the two large iron dogs which held the <unk> in the chimney , “ stop a bit , i am in it . villefort , you will not displease the marchioness , and tomorrow you will sign the contract which	69.37640380859375
will bind you to your husband . ” the two women to emmanuel , “ we are indeed ruined . ” cried bertuccio , whose copper complexion became <unk> “ i go to auteuil ? ” has been passed in <unk> ; i wish to forget it myself . ” he had just received put the finishing stroke to the wonder and stupefaction of m. baptistin . strange one , ” continued athos , laughing . ’ s roof , m. morrel can visit me in the presence of my good and worthy protector , if we still feel that the union we contemplated will be likely to insure our future comfort and happiness ; in that case i shall expect m. morrel to come and claim me	105.98753356933594
at my own hands . the young man ; “ all is now explained ; with this key i open the abyss . said , looking at the stone , “ this is the work of either hercules or porthos . ” i assure you . ” him only yesterday , ‘ you are imprudent , monsieur count ; for when you go to auteuil and take your servants the house is left <unk> ’ ‘ well , ’ said he , ‘ what next ? ’ ‘ well , next , some day you will be robbed . ’ ” , ” replied the count . genii , <unk> , <unk> , in short , of all the ministers of the occult sciences , until i laughed	69.09060668945312
aloud at the freaks of my own imagination . of the torch was reflected on the wall ; the guide was coming ; monte cristo went to meet him . , madame ; it is really as if i were <unk> for you . ” that is a most delicate attention on your part , signor pastrini , ” cried franz . ” said aramis . raoul , and your politeness has touched me . ” , and the count of spada in his poverty . ? ” said valentine . at the count . me ? ” asked he . morcerf , ” interrupted morrel . and at the same time the ten men whom d ’ artagnan had given to comminges appeared . the <unk> order	34.77445983886719
, i and d ’ artagnan , ” replied athos . go to england a second time ; i will go and find buckingham . ” loved their ease , brought a chair for each of themselves and one for athos . only depended on myself to have it , and i had only one word to say . ’ of the bed ; from shoulder to elbow it was moulded after the arms of germain pillon ’ s “ graces , ” 23 but the <unk> seemed to be slightly distorted by convulsion , and the hand , so delicately formed , was resting with stiff outstretched fingers on the framework of the bed . not be burned down for everybody , monseigneur . ” not overcome	123.24857330322266
the elements . of the warmest days spring had yet bestowed on the inhabitants of paris , might be seen negligently thrown upon the stone bench , a book , a <unk> , and a <unk> , from which hung a partly embroidered cambric handkerchief , while at a little distance from these articles was a young woman , standing close to the iron gate , endeavoring to discern something on the other side by means of the openings in the planks , —the earnestness of her attitude and the fixed gaze with which she seemed to seek the object of her wishes , proving how much her feelings were interested in the matter . the key of the room where he had hidden them , and accompanied	118.5386962890625
by porthos returned to settle with mousqueton , who , naively , and like the worthy steward that he was , handed them four hundred and thirty louis and kept one hundred for himself . covered with wounds , and suffers dreadfully , he says , in travelling . ” storm is over , ’ said he . murmured mme . breastplate was weak , and prepared the blow . daughter of france and was entitled to the hospitality of france . you tell me , <unk> anything fresh occurring in this part of the town ? ” said morrel , endeavoring to conceal his own emotion , “ listen , i entreat you ; what i am about to say is very serious . think of her	82.34225463867188
personal appearance ? ” , therefore , to amuse the good abbess with the worldly practices of the court of france , mixed with the eccentric pursuits of the king ; she made for her the scandalous <unk> of the lords and ladies of the court , whom the abbess knew perfectly by name , touched lightly on the amours of the queen and the duke of buckingham , talking a great deal to induce her auditor to talk a little . the taxes <unk> imposed and to which the parliament had made opposition , was the necessity of sustaining the honor of france and the uncertain hope of beating the enemy . fault of the age . ” morrel , “ the <unk> <unk> assassin . ”	101.70277404785156
what is your pleasure with me ? ” had no longer any inducement to remain at monte cristo . a pile of newspapers , which he sent flying all over the office by <unk> them violently with his stick ; after which ebullition he <unk> , however , without walking several times to the door of the press-room , as if he had half a mind to enter . the match , had not the noble marquis anticipated my wishes by requesting my consent to it . ’ ” ? ” he said , in a low voice . , she was the most considerable personage of the fête , she was received by the city <unk> , and placed in a box opposite to that which the	81.33622741699219
queen was to occupy . , princess , that if your reputation did not depend on precautions and if my life alone were <unk> ” . ” to look magnificent in it , and chose that regiment only from vanity . ” i esteem them , but will not have them . ” of la carconte followed him as he ascended , while caderousse , on the contrary , turned his back , and seemed most anxiously to avoid even glancing at him . a situation to <unk> ceremony . ” ! ” cried she , “ my god ! , nor one sigh , was lost on her ; they might have been said to fall on the shield of minerva , which some philosophers assert protected	108.48124694824219
sometimes the breast of <unk> . villefort , “ this seems to me the truth . by sighs to consolations which she knew did not come from my father ’ s heart . the real <unk> addresses himself stupidly to the mere individual ? doctor answer ? ” asked monte cristo . ! . ” the door , and took from the hands of the chambermaid a cup which contained two or three <unk> of the syrup , he then carefully closed the door . ” said beauchamp suddenly , carelessly extending his hand to the young man . anything ? ” have known <unk> . ” which was so unintelligible to others , she answered by throwing her whole soul into the expression of her countenance ,	61.46390914916992
and in this manner were the conversations sustained between the <unk> girl and the helpless invalid , whose body could scarcely be called a living one , but who , nevertheless , possessed a fund of knowledge and penetration , united with a will as powerful as ever although clogged by a body rendered utterly incapable of obeying its impulses . friends , who anxiously awaited him , saw him returned with joy . ? formal copy of a will , in order to give him an idea of the terms in which such documents are generally <unk> ; then , in order to test the capacity of the testator , the first notary said , turning towards him : you have proposed to me what is impossible	182.64141845703125
, ” said rochefort , shaking his head with an air of disappointment . exclaimed edmond , “ that will not be . using him ill ? , and , having <unk> his master , assisted him to dress entirely in black . that the situation had become too serious to lose time in useless words and <unk> wrath . said danglars ; “ why dramatic ? ” ” cried aramis , “ swords ! have been told , and like my <unk> i can do no more . of a conspiracy against england will your honor give me all four of them ? ” for whom i can answer , if he will speak out . ” ? ” have served to claim the pension ? ”	68.28616333007812
to open the window and let down some bread , a chicken and a bottle of wine to your friend planchet , who has been this last hour killing himself clapping his hands . ” , ” said madame danglars through the door , “ you are always complaining that eugénie will not address a word to you . ” could give him the <unk> , <unk> i preferred to give it to you . ” of them , i believe . ” . ’ his private room , and the englishman , on perceiving him , made a gesture of surprise , which seemed to indicate that it was not the first time he had been in his presence . ? ” ’ s <unk> , was	42.223899841308594
his own father . ” ; and what does he mean by his news from greece ? ” language , did he ? ” i am going to fight with , ” said athos , pointing to d ’ artagnan with his hand and saluting him with the same gesture . assent and they all went out , stopping at the window of a gallery on the ground floor . and in a voice trembling with hate and vengeance read “ d ’ artagnan . ” cloak , ” said aramis . teresa eleven . , athos proposed that they should lay aside their arms and military costume , and assume a dress more suited to the city . , my life ! affair ? ” overhung by	67.12744903564453
thick hedges ; the rock , half open , afforded a passage to the young man , who disappeared like the evil spirits in the fairy tales . one minute , a single minute , and i will restore it to you through the grating of the door . of you , my lord , ” said he ; “ sign the order for the liberation of milady de winter . here , and m. morrel had better go , —do you not think so , grandpapa ? ” his captivity had taken away nothing of his power , and that he was still master of that element on whose bosom he had so often sported as a boy . to pray ; do not strike then .	86.44900512695312
” she was very pale . them nothing , and yet they are gone . ” him , he must believe in the gratitude of the heart ! ” of monte cristo who had just arrived at madame de villefort ’ s for the purpose of returning the procureur ’ s visit , and at his name , as may be easily imagined , the whole house was in confusion . the matter ? ” cried dantès . . in french , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ be kind enough , then , to reply to me in the same language . monsieur , ” replied monte cristo ; “ i do not thus betray my enjoyments to the vulgar . six o ’ clock in	27.90239906311035
the morning for his lackey , and wherever he might be , he was right . the attention of dantès , as he landed on the canebière , was one of the crew belonging to the _pharaon_ . effect , a violent trembling pervaded the old man ’ s limbs , his eyes opened until it was fearful to gaze upon them , he heaved a sigh which resembled a shriek , and then his convulsed body returned gradually to its former <unk> , the eyes remaining open . <unk> ! porcelain , filled with flowers that loaded the air with their perfume , stood in the salon . for he had not time to mount his horse again , tired , like the guards , of distributing	98.07756805419922
blows with the flat of his sword , had recourse to its point . pickaxe , dantès , after the manner of a <unk> <unk> , dug a mine between the upper rock and the one that supported it , filled it with powder , then made a match by rolling his handkerchief in <unk> . elongated , had gained in calm dignity what it had lost in feverish excitement . d ’ artagnan entered the courtyard of the palace , in the coadjutor ’ s carriage , and a few seconds later the carriages of the <unk> drove out and the gates were shut after them . , this fire indicates the presence of unpleasant neighbors ? ” , your clothes , are not then hired ?	110.92208099365234
” again soon ? ” artagnan was not altogether new to mazarin , who , although he did not arrive in france before the year <unk> or <unk> , that is to say , about eight or nine years after the events which we have related in a preceding narrative , * fancied he had heard it pronounced as that of one who was said to be a model of courage , address and loyalty . something on the panels of your carriage , to escape being searched by the custom-house officers . religion at all ; i like that best , ” replied lord de winter , laughing . fine horses . ” glass , and regarded herself attentively ; never had she appeared more beautiful .	81.37777709960938
not , ” replied monte cristo ; “ it is a small place i have purchased quite lately . the world . ” passport ? ” d ’ artagnan , a béarnese gentleman who left paris in company with three of his friends , with the intention of going to london . ” have any ; silence is the last joy of the unhappy . took each a post horse , and a postillion rode before them . that we had rendered service to general cromwell , instead of king charles , which would have been a disgrace , <unk> from us to him , and from him to your <unk> dishonor which would have tainted the royalty of your illustrious son . of 175,000 livres . like	82.77587890625
the others , he is a ruined man . ” fine words . ” faithful servants . ” said in a hoarse voice , “ give me your word of honor that this horrible secret shall forever remain buried amongst ourselves ! ” the two men drew back . opened . ” said aramis . by to-morrow , but the headsman will be wanting and they will put it off till the day after to-morrow . ” was to be done . and cellars below , had above the ground floor , two stories and <unk> . . , d ’ artagnan ! ” to say ? ’ inquired the young man who was in command in the chief ’ s absence . praises . was chosen to	51.25824737548828
examine the proofs brought forward by morcerf . ” that the young man did not say “ my father . ” mazarin , “ we will satisfy you . ” , and attribute this violence to what i suffer . fought with others : in his first journey to paris , five times ; from the death of the late king till the young one came of age , without reckoning wars and <unk> , seven times ; and from that date up to the present day , a hundred times , perhaps ! . ” is permitted to a human creature to be , ” replied maximilian . and is it not that he may never do us any harm ? ” justice , either , you	78.54421997070312
ass ! chavigny for having , as he said , <unk> his <unk> for him ; he then divided the walls of his room into compartments and <unk> each of these compartments to some incident in mazarin ’ s life . period and at a certain moment , if any mischance should happen to you , ” said richelieu , significantly , “ that it was i who came to seek you , and that i did all in my power to prevent this misfortune <unk> you . ” beauty alone remained . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ and i will guard it so carefully that i will be sworn it shall arrive at its address , and woe be to him who shall attempt to	82.24423217773438
take it from me ! ” a hundred millions and i give them to you ; with such a fortune you can attain every wish . villefort , fixing an imperious glance on the child , “ go and play in the drawing-room , my dear ; i wish to speak to your mamma . ” the island was uninhabited ? ” du vallon every night . us ? ” asked milady . ” some iris roots i planted here , close to this <unk> , and which some one has trampled upon this morning . do this evening ? ” jailer ’ s visit arrived , dantès straightened the handle of the saucepan as well as he could , and placed it in its accustomed place .	76.13597869873047
of an artist , the exact and strict costume of teresa had a very different character from that of carmela and her companions ; and teresa was frivolous and coquettish , and thus the embroidery and muslins , the cashmere <unk> , all dazzled her , and the reflection of sapphires and diamonds almost turned her giddy brain . france , my dear father , i hope you will put me in possession of the documents which will be necessary to prove my descent . ” was forever in his hand , which procured him some severe <unk> from d ’ artagnan , who feared that his excess of politeness would lead people to think he was the lackey of a man of no consequence . ’ artagnan	106.74584197998047
had foreseen . ” anything for copies of this ebook , complying with the trademark license is very easy . the following : dear d ’ herblay , that it is almost sacrilege to distrust providence when one has such friends , and therefore we will divide the pistoles from porthos , as we divided the louis sent by d ’ artagnan . ” ! , ” said m. de tréville , stopping him . , sire , ” said athos , “ in all countries in the world is called charging . ” monsieur the whole of one day in my care . followed through astonishment , then with <unk> shouts , then the porters had insulted him , then children had thrown stones at him ,	89.16563415527344
and finally he was obliged to run , to escape the <unk> . but don ’ t touch me . ” , which was divided into three stories . will who will risk being killed with me ! ” said d ’ artagnan , raising his sword . ? monte cristo “ these blazons prove that . man , who had disappeared as if by enchantment . wretched mazarin has made use of you . to her room . rueil . a turn—he is obliged to follow <unk> alongside of the canal there is a shorter road . ’ but that has nothing to do with it . the hand of aramis . not so well fortified as the others and determined to break through it . in	78.4782943725586
paris and three thousand in france ; and then , perhaps , on entering the convent he changed his name . to fire ! ” the carriage was waiting at the door . yes ! for counsel ; don ’ t tell me you are perplexed what to do . , you shall judge of it yourself and at once. ’ ‘ i can not , ’ i replied ; ‘ it is absolutely necessary for me to return to the <unk> ’ ‘ very well , ’ said he , ‘ go and attend to your affairs , since you seem to be in a hurry , but come back in half an <unk> ’ ‘ in half an hour ? ’ ‘ yes , have you	63.4688606262207
breakfasted ? ’ ‘ faith , no. ’ ‘ well , here is a pate that will be ready for you , with a bottle of old <unk> ’ so , you see , my lord , since i am hungry , i would , with your highness ’ s <unk> ” and la ramee bent low . , once more , and this is the last ! tolerably neat chamber , but grated and barred , and its appearance , therefore , did not greatly alarm him ; besides , the words of villefort , who seemed to interest himself so much , resounded still in his ears like a promise of freedom . not <unk> me , ” said d ’ artagnan . contradict his statement	80.3438720703125
, at that instant a violent clap of thunder seemed to shake the house to its very foundation , while a sudden gust of wind , mingled with rain , extinguished the lamp he held in his hand . ? ” said madame de villefort in a harsh and constrained tone . were so nicely weighed and considered no longer exist in france , and the first families of the monarchy have <unk> with those of the empire . do not desire to see me dash my head against that wall before your eyes ! ’ constantinople . ” ” said mazarin , looking with astonishment at those two men . sat down near each other , let their flocks mingle together , played , laughed , and	108.73444366455078
conversed together ; in the evening they separated the count of san-felice ’ s flock from those of baron <unk> , and the children returned to their respective <unk> , promising to meet the next morning . ? ” replied anne , with queen-like dignity , extending toward the open coffer an arm , despite the lapse of years , still beautiful . i have not ; but very likely i am on the road to it . ” , if your horse isn ’ t tired . ” brought all your papers with you ? ” said monte cristo . he said , “ the master of the hôtel de londres has sent to let you know that a man is waiting for you with a letter	70.89845275878906
from the viscount of morcerf . ” ” he said , and led them back to noirtier . dear porthos , at pierrefonds ; your fine chateau is worthy of affording its princely hospitality to his eminence ; it is , likewise , well <unk> too near paris , nor too far from it ; we can establish a communication between it and the capital with great facility . make your twelve thousand francs ? meaning of my words ? them from curiosity , so that i saw the combat without the combatants seeing me . ” d ’ artagnan , piqued , “ and thanks to my eyes , i can see what other people can not see . ” ” ratonneau , where the <unk> stood	89.5409164428711
, on the right , and were now opposite the point des catalans . down the <unk> , with a strength apparently above that of a woman ; but finding she could not accomplish this , she in her fury stabbed at the door with her poniard , the point of which repeatedly glittered through the wood . it might not , perhaps , have greatly signified ; for when the lower classes alone complained , the court of france , separated as it was from the poor by the intervening classes of the <unk> and the <unk> , seldom listened to their voice ; but unluckily , mazarin had had the imprudence to attack the magistrates and had sold no less than twelve appointments in the court	146.32041931152344
of requests , at a high price ; and as the officers of that court paid very dearly for their places , and as the addition of twelve new colleagues would necessarily lower the value of each place , the old <unk> formed a union amongst themselves , and , enraged , swore on the bible not to allow of this addition to their number , but to resist all the persecutions which might ensue ; and should any one of them chance to <unk> his post by this resistance , to combine to indemnify him for his loss . morrel . monte cristo had set apart one hour to be passed in the apartments of haydée , as though his oppressed spirit could not all at once	191.99954223632812
admit the feeling of pure and unmixed joy , but required a <unk> succession of calm and gentle emotions to prepare his mind to receive full and perfect happiness , in the same manner as ordinary natures demand to be inured by degrees to the reception of strong or violent sensations . were masked , albert , ” said franz ; “ here was an opportunity of making up for past <unk> . ” <unk> us part , ” said mercédès , folding around her shoulders the only shawl she had taken away , and which accidentally happened to be a valuable black cashmere . convulsions of death and expired . and i will obey . ” he , ‘ you have heard the comte de morcerf ’	146.2017059326172
s defence . de winter , on reaching the gate of the town , “ let us do here as at <unk> us separate to avoid suspicion . . have no more knowledge than i of the abbé busoni ? ” ” cried a hoarse voice . to heaven , ” said the girl . , softly <unk> here and there with silver tendrils , fell elegantly over his shoulders in <unk> curls ; his voice was still youthful , as if belonging to a hercules of twenty-five , and his magnificent teeth , which he had preserved white and sound , gave an indescribable charm to his smile . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ he is called porthos ” ( the queen started ) ,	105.29811096191406
“ but his true name is the chevalier du vallon . ” uneasiness , ” he said . taken , imprisoned , interrogated , confronted , confounded , condemned , and cut off by <unk> or steel ; or if she be a woman of any consideration , they lock her up for life . , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ notwithstanding your forty thousand francs a year , and perhaps even for the very reason that you have forty thousand francs a year , it seems to me that a little coronet would do well on your carriage , hey ? ” you know then— ” baptistin , as if that name sufficed for his excuse . to edmond , who was hidden from his	80.6056137084961
comrades by the <unk> of the ground , that at sixty paces from the harbor the marks ceased ; nor did they terminate at any grotto . , with his charming , melancholy smile , which so became his noble countenance , and porthos would drink , swearing that aramis would never be anything but a village <unk> . athos , “ no divided attention , i beg ; let each one pick out his man . ” same as in other prisons , —that is , very bad ; the lodging is very <unk> , but , on the whole , <unk> for a dungeon ; but it is not that which i wish to speak of , but a secret i have to reveal of the	100.48981475830078
greatest importance . ” épinay , saw him enter , afterwards go out , and then re-enter with albert and château-renaud . , tell me , have you the slightest idea whence this terrible blow proceeds ? ” with the most amiable air he could assume . think so , since the count has found him a false <unk> the count gives him four thousand francs a month , and leaves him 500,000 francs in his will . ” ” said albert ; “ i wish you not to lose one word of what i am about to have the honor of saying to the count of monte cristo , for it must be repeated by you to all who will listen to it , strange as it	58.1541633605957
may appear to you . ” danglars , “ he is in too much hurry , it appears to me . ” great politeness by the duke , who held out hopes of easier measures , promised to speak in their behalf to the queen , and dismissed them with the ordinary expression of royalty , “ we will see what we can do . ” as a sailor , by my love for mercédès , by the life of my father—— ” the doors , on the ceiling , were swords , daggers , <unk> <unk> , maces , <unk> ; gilded , damasked , and inlaid suits of armor ; dried plants , <unk> , and stuffed birds , their <unk> wings <unk> in motionless flight	101.66514587402344
, and their <unk> forever open . ” murmured renée . ” said raoul , forcing himself to convey a respect by speech that did not come from his heart , “ if you are a priest you have an opportunity , as my friend has told you , of <unk> your vocation . away , but he called me back . , has escaped the vigilance of his guardians at bourges , and has returned to spain by the <unk> frontier . and ordered all sail to be spread . are acquainted with madame danglars ? ” , you alarm me . have never met you at his house ? ” in here , as if you were about to penetrate a crowded <unk> ? ” the	65.8033218383789
grief of parting , ” said monte cristo , “ and maximilian has doubtless provided himself with everything requisite ; at least , i advised him to do so . ” , how are madeleine and antoinette ? ” he began to laugh loudly , but <unk> . and tell me , then ; it is a long time since that has happened . ” . the will after your death ? ” the queen , he knelt down . ” must your past career always interfere with my successes ? ” suddenly a light passed over his face , a smile played round his set mouth , and his haggard eyes were fixed in thought . fellow d ’ artagnan ? ” it is more than a	75.62360382080078
plot ; i fear it is a conspiracy . ” loved ! ” ’ s paleness , which had for some time been increasing , became alarming ; he could not speak ; he looked at his watch like a man who has forgotten the hour , said a few hurried words to madame herbault , and pressing the hands of emmanuel and maximilian , — “ madame , ” said he , “ i trust you will allow me to visit you occasionally ; i value your friendship , and feel grateful to you for your welcome , for this is the first time for many years that i have thus yielded to my feelings ; ” and he hastily quitted the apartment . arrived . ,	75.96720886230469
after all these disasters . ” board , where he was received with all the deference inspired by the uniform . queen , and according to custom accosted her with fresh menaces against those who surrounded her . entries relative to the abbé faria ; but it seemed that the history which the inspector had related interested him greatly , for after having perused the first documents he turned over the leaves until he reached the deposition respecting edmond dantès . ? athos , “ don ’ t you hear monsieur de busigny , who does you the honor to ask you a question ? was the old man sitting in his armchair in his usual place , but his eyes expressed alarm , which was confirmed by	99.05705261230469
the pallor which overspread his features . he was , was for once mistaken ; broussel was a thing , not a name . count made a sign to albert and they bowed to the ladies , and took their leave , albert perfectly indifferent to mademoiselle danglars ’ contempt , monte cristo reiterating his advice to madame danglars on the prudence a banker ’ s wife should exercise in providing for the future . ” the count added , turning to franz , “ here is luigi vampa , who will himself express to you his deep regret at the mistake he has committed . ” that though a subordinate , like myself , is bound to acquaint the shipowner with everything that occurs , there are	117.85032653808594
many things he ought most carefully to conceal from all else . ” monte cristo “ suppose , then , that this poison was brucine , and you were to take a <unk> the first day , two <unk> the second day , and so on . if you remain with me , and i am too good a master to allow you to miss such a chance by granting you the dismissal you require . ” on those , ” replied mazarin ; “ let us pass on to private and personal <unk> . ” their horses with the bridles passed under their arms for fear of accident , and ate a morsel from their hands on the stones of the street , after they departed again	93.46198272705078
. thought he saw his father ’ s pale face behind the curtain of the count ’ s bedroom . thirty-five years of age . the adjoining room ; monte cristo dropped a very small portion of the red liquid upon her lips ; she returned to consciousness . benedetto , “ i am asked for proofs , do you wish me to give them ? ” a man of your age , and who besides , has such a pretty wife as yours . ” have plenty of money , haven ’ t you ? athos , pointing to the bodies which lay under the wall of the bastion , “ take those gentlemen , set them up against the wall , put their hats upon their	64.49122619628906
heads , and their guns in their hands . ” of sorrow and delight . the young man , “ let us demand hospitality of these smugglers and bandits . exclaimed a general burst of voices . last reflection <unk> instinctive return to <unk> of weakness or fear did not dwell long in her ardent spirit . that ? ” ’ s house only danglars , closeted in his study , and making his statement to the officer of gendarmes ; madame danglars , terrified , in the boudoir with which we are acquainted ; and eugénie , who with haughty air and disdainful lip had retired to her room with her inseparable companion , mademoiselle louise d ’ armilly . , athos , ” said d ’	92.47858428955078
artagnan , “ upon my word , you are mad . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan , raising his head and regaining his self-possession . , and lawn parties without end , in all of which i trust the count will remember us , as he may depend upon it we shall him , in our own humble <unk> . ” illumined the old man ’ s eyes . , at an inn . ” , but no one <unk> . ” ; the queen may appear to have abandoned those persons , but we must not put faith in appearances . ? ” asked the doctor eagerly . awaking , paris seemed to be startled at her own appearance . majesty embarrassed , i shall conduct	54.708595275878906
her to rueil , make her enter the orangery and show her a certain spring which turns a box . ” your excellency that this letter is addressed . ” foliage , the least whistling of the wind , attracted his attention , and drew the perspiration to his brow ; then he tremblingly fixed his ladder , and , not to lose a moment , placed his foot on the first step . a door . all i can tell you , and you see how uninteresting it is. ” as dantès spoke , villefort gazed at his ingenuous and open countenance , and recollected the words of renée , who , without knowing who the culprit was , had besought his indulgence for him . intention	101.21940612792969
you followed me ? ” asked the young woman , with a coquettish smile , whose somewhat bantering character resumed its influence , and with whom all fear had disappeared from the moment in which she recognized a friend in one she had taken for an enemy . or stupidity , all morrel ’ s correspondents did not take this view ; and some even came to a contrary decision . without withdrawing the poniard from the wound , he ran to the window , opened it , leaped out into the flowers of a small garden , glided onward to the stable , took out his mule , went out by a back gate , ran to a <unk> thicket , threw off his <unk> garb ,	102.21993255615234
took from his valise the complete <unk> of a cavalier , clothed himself in it , went on foot to the first post , secured there a horse and continued with a loose rein his journey to paris . , i would rather die <unk> than have anything to say to such a confessor . ’ artagnan , ” resumed aramis , giving to his voice a slight tone of bitterness , “ trust me ! but , it must be admitted , upon something <unk> different from ambition . exclaimed , turning pale as death , “ what are you going to do with that brace of pistols under your coat ? ” , ” said porthos , “ of a certain milo of <unk> , who	75.29584503173828
performed wonderful feats , such as <unk> his forehead with a cord and bursting <unk> killing an ox with a blow of his fist and carrying it home on his shoulders , et <unk> . resuscitated you , ” continued athos . ! and lord de winter did not appear . ” i am on the point of marrying a young girl i have been attached to for three <unk> ” villefort , impassive as he was , was struck with this coincidence ; and the tremulous voice of dantès , surprised in the midst of his happiness , struck a sympathetic chord in his own <unk> also was on the point of being married , and he was summoned from his own happiness to destroy that of	89.98902130126953
another . he cried . <unk> understand that ; not like monsieur de richelieu , who went on just as he pleased . , by the expression of the man who thus addressed him , that he had fallen into a trap , and he remained with his mouth wide open and his eyes <unk> staring . be listening attentively and as affectionately as his <unk> would allow to the abbé busoni , who looked cold and calm , as usual . returning to the officer , said : porthos . ” man , do you address the woman ? ” though having the air of having nothing secret about him , he was a young fellow made up of mysteries , answering little to questions put to	86.275634765625
him about others , and having learned from him the report which prevailed concerning the success of the musketeer with a princess , wished to gain a little <unk> into the amorous adventures of his interlocutor . forth in section 3 below . door . the affairs of the day ; athos could not therefore have chosen a more inauspicious moment to speak of his <unk> atoms , lost in that raging whirlwind . room . ” may have no doubt on that head , i will go and inform her myself . ” , to make a good appearance , to be a good gamester , and to pay in cash . , why i must decline your polite invitation , which is especially attractive to me	122.36166381835938
, because nothing is so wearisome as to play night after night with the same person ; the chances always balance and at the month ’ s end nothing is gained or lost . ” it , ” said the count ; “ haydée is almost as civilized as a parisian ; the smell of a havana is disagreeable to her , but the tobacco of the east is a most delicious perfume , you know . ” there , and were playing together . next morning she arose , and without ringing for her maid or giving the least sign of her activity , she dressed herself in the same simple style as on the previous night ; then running downstairs , she left the hotel ,	124.74867248535156
walked to the rue de provence , called a cab , and drove to m. de villefort ’ s house . was an important consideration to be surrounded by such men as tréville . ! ’ , ” said d ’ artagnan . at least , ” said morrel . my boy , on the contrary , i am pleased with your zeal . coming ? ” asked albert . commands ; i only ask you to examine my position as if it were your own , and then judge for yourself . ” to me at the price it cost you ? ” found peace . ” said athos , resuming his cloak and putting on his hat , “ now that i have drawn your teeth	45.08948516845703
, viper , bite if you can . ” mazarin any better than you do . you make such a <unk> an old stager ? ” he did not utter it . one of them , my uncle , and that you cried louder than the others : ‘ she must die. ’ therefore i warn you , and listen well to my words , that they may be engraved upon your memory , never to be forgotten : this murder , which has robbed me of <unk> murder , which has deprived me of my <unk> murder , which has impoverished <unk> murder , which has made me corrupt , wicked , <unk> shall summon you to account for it first and then those who were your	117.08904266357422
accomplices , when i discover them ! ” does not say to himself , in a society as <unk> organized as ours , ‘ perhaps some day i shall have to do with the king ’ s attorney ’ ? ” the baroness , “ do you leave m. cavalcanti with your daughter ? ” , planchet , you shall preserve your reputation as a <unk> man . i see him well enough , ” said d ’ artagnan . de villefort uttered an expression of pleasure , and , holding the child still closer towards her , she said : were unlike any human sound , he dragged himself to the door , reeled across the courtyard , and falling into the arms of his valet ,	48.268035888671875
he said in a voice scarcely intelligible , — “ home , home . ” asked de guiche . him at the stables of the hôtel des gardes . ” replied d ’ artagnan . he must have spoken ? ” gentlemen , ” said athos , “ that porthos has made the best bargain of any of us . ” first lover and accomplice of the fair lady . and had only their employers ’ leave to ask , which had been already sought and obtained . party . , stretched out his arm so that the weapon almost touched milady ’ s forehead , and then , in a voice the more terrible from having the supreme calmness of a fixed resolution , “ madame ,	75.62522888183594
” said he , “ you will this instant deliver to me the paper the cardinal signed ; or upon my soul , i will blow your brains out . ” back close to the wall , and there , shaded by the <unk> , she silently and attentively watched the slightest movement of valentine . ” smaller ones containing various dainties . my misfortunes for you to treat them as <unk> ; that i may tell you my projects for you to go and betray them to my persecutor ? corsican bandits doing here with spanish smugglers ? ” the penalty of being a living <unk> ! ” you will give me one of them . mouth of mme . that the stones were not cemented ,	89.25658416748047
but had been merely placed one upon the other , and covered with stucco ; he inserted the point of his pickaxe , and using the handle as a lever , with joy soon saw the stone turn as if on hinges , and fall at his feet . he had desired his guest to be shown , with the purpose of overwhelming him at the sight of so much luxury . ” responded the mercer , “ i have heard her pronounce all those names . ” of the carriage , allowed his brother-in-law ’ s gayety to expend itself in words , while he felt equal inward joy , which , however , betrayed itself only in his countenance . cried porthos , “ they have	103.19255065917969
not even pursued us . your lackey ? ” and raised her in his arms ; and seeing that sweet pale face , those lovely eyes closed , that beautiful form motionless and to all appearance lifeless , the idea occurred to him for the first time , that perhaps she loved him otherwise than as a daughter loves a father . the window at <unk> ’ s or <unk> ’ s shines with more splendor when it is our own ; but if we are compelled to acknowledge the superiority of another , and still must retain the one that is inferior , do you not know what we have to endure ? ” in its pocket . unsafe retreat . marshal de grammont , with a	117.63714599609375
radiant face , “ will your highness permit my son , count de guiche , and his traveling companion , viscount de bragelonne , to come in and give news of the enemy , whom they have found while we were looking for him ? ” to reflect that the search was rather <unk> . conduct me ? ” me the honor to say , i presume you mean i was afraid ? ” his attention . think , monsieur , that woods are like churches ? ” . ” treasure is in the furthest a ... simpleton ! ” cried danglars , <unk> him by the arm , “ or i will not answer even for your own safety . towards him ? his smooth exterior at	75.57313537597656
the donjon of vincennes . my lord . ” porthos , “ i hear it said that he is very badly fed by the cardinal , monsieur de mazarin . , ” answered the mercer , proudly . fère ! ” murmured milady , becoming exceedingly pale , and drawing back till the wall prevented her from going any farther . poor scarron ’ s pension . ” foes on the high road can well meet two in the place royale . ” window , as is customary on days of ceremony , he saw only a gray mass , which was veiled also by a cloud , which at that moment obscured the moon ’ s feeble light . monte cristo had been examining when he entered	90.75321197509766
, and said : , and as no signal had been given him by which to announce his presence , he waited . de winter took to shut the door , close a shutter , and draw a chair near to his sister-in-law ’ s <unk> , milady , anxiously thoughtful , plunged her glance into the depths of possibility , and discovered all the plan , of which she could not even obtain a glance as long as she was ignorant into whose hands she had fallen . has no connection whatever with the present occasion . bowed to the five young men with a melancholy and dignified smile , and got into his carriage with maximilian and emmanuel . be more affectionate , my dear villefort	90.701171875
, ” said the baroness . wife with much astonishment . pale face and knit brows that his resolution to revenge himself was growing weaker . hurled thy thunder at him , my god ! would be so much the less equal , if athos and his companions were really plotting ; and by one of those rapid turns which he always had at command , all his anger faded away into a smile . , you exaggerate your situation , ” said madame danglars , whose beautiful eyes sparkled for a moment . , monsieur , go on ! ” said madame de chevreuse eagerly ; “ you can ’ t imagine how much this conversation interests me . ” , take back this ring , to	115.88162231445312
which i see you attach much value . ” a butcher ’ s son ? fall into that which the count extended to him ; then with an inexpressibly sorrowful inclination of the head he quitted the count and bent his steps to the east of the city . ? ” said the queen . to excuse me , <unk> <unk> was not attending to the conversation . ” be too late ! ” your particular world . for a hundred paces around . , amongst the men whom you do not recognize as your <unk> you have said so , ” observed villefort in a tone that faltered <unk> “ you alone are perfect . ” more complicated since yesterday evening , my good man , and	74.60213470458984
i advise you to tell the whole truth ; for your repentance alone can remove the anger of the cardinal . ” ” said the countess g—— to albert , who had returned to her side , “ that man does nothing like other people ; he <unk> most <unk> to the third act of <unk> le <unk> , and when the fourth begins , takes his departure . ” ” ? ” what else was opera invented for ? ” pace ; he stops at the gate ; he rings . ” ; the carriages could not move about ; but the masks were visible behind the windows , the carriages , and the doors . a fine flemish phrase ; the officer replied in words that	80.12942504882812
belonged to no language at all , and the bargain was concluded ; madeleine ’ s brother entered d ’ artagnan ’ s service . i do not presume to call myself your friend , but at all times i am your most respectful servant. ” the countess left with an indescribable pang in her heart , and before she had taken ten steps the count saw her raise her handkerchief to her eyes . in proportion as the corridors became more deserted , d ’ artagnan wished to stop the young woman , seize her and gaze upon her , were it only for a minute ; but quick as a bird she glided between his hands , and when he wished to speak to her ,	99.08983612060547
her finger placed upon her mouth , with a little imperative gesture full of grace , reminded him that he was under the command of a power which he must blindly obey , and which forbade him even to make the slightest complaint . ” cried the duke . no ! ” cried milady ; “ no , sir , do not call him , i conjure you . as if to seize the king , but before they could touch him with the tips of their fingers , both had fallen , one dead , the other stunned . you like ! ” a copy of our bill of lading ; and as to the other papers , they sent a man off with the pilot ,	72.66588592529297
to whom i gave them . ” the man , thrusting his hands into his pockets , and looking impudently at the youth ; “ i have taken the whim into my head ; do you understand , master benedetto ? ” well at the point of my gun i should have sent a ball into his breast . ” manner of woman it was for whom to-day you call me to account . i will blow out your brains ! ” ” replied franz ; “ we shall ascertain who and what he <unk> comes ! ” we go to breakfast there . ” ” , ” said groslow , as the four friends entered , “ i had almost given you up . ” you ?	54.389427185058594
” asked the prince . of stone ; not one man stirred , so monsieur de beaufort was obliged to be satisfied with calling them all kinds of rascals underneath the sun . remained alone . strangers , they will be friends . ” and described the combat without <unk> a single detail . , m. morrel , my thanks are due . porthos . the most skillful of his craft , and who himself confessed that he gained a hundred thousand livres a year by the duke of buckingham . of the castle d ’ artagnan found himself overlooking a beautiful valley , in which , at the foot of a charming little lake , stood several scattered houses , which , humble in their aspect ,	86.7847900390625
and covered , some with <unk> , others with <unk> , seemed to acknowledge as their sovereign lord a pretty chateau , built about the beginning of the reign of henry iv. , and surmounted by four <unk> , gilded <unk> . the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete , old , middle-aged and new computers . said he . , and i never shall forget the old man ’ s smile at this prescription . place ? ” aside , it would probably be on the path which led to the little gate ; but this examination was as useless as the first , and with a bursting heart i returned to the thicket , which now	140.68812561035156
contained no hope for me . ” god forgive me , i have always sought to revenge my illustrious father . would hold me in aversion , and i do not at all wish that ; on the contrary , i desire to stand high in her esteem . ” conduct monsieur le cardinal neither to de beaufort , nor to de bouillon , nor to the coadjutor , nor to d ’ elbeuf . with a wound in his thigh , bicarat wished to hold out ; but jussac , who had risen upon his elbow , cried out to him to yield . ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ poor athos is perhaps at this moment dead , and dead by my <unk> it was	87.52143859863281
i who dragged him into this affair , of which he did not know the origin , of which he is ignorant of the result , and from which he can derive no advantage . ” not flatter him . ” , i need but knock against the wall , and he will cease to work , in order to find out who is knocking , and why he does so ; but as his occupation is <unk> by the governor , he will soon resume it . conversation that had been carried on in his presence ( for they always say and do what they like before the dear old man , without the smallest regard for his feelings ) had made a strong impression on his	77.60713195800781
mind ; for , naturally enough , it must have <unk> him to hear the emperor he so devotedly loved and served spoken of in that <unk> manner . ” three o ’ clock , a single blow struck on the gong summoned ali to the presence of the count . he committed ? ” the wardrobe . this gentleman and why do they not bring him here ? ” your marrying m. d ’ épinay , she would be all the more likely to listen to any other proposition . ” visit athos . m. de tréville announced that it was time to go to the louvre ; but as the hour of audience granted by his majesty was past , instead of claiming the <unk> by	85.35335540771484
the back stairs , he placed himself with the four young men in the antechamber . , athos ? ” any longer . ” said madame de villefort , giving her smelling-bottle to valentine . fail to call upon him in the course of the day ; and then he added in a low voice , ‘ tell your master that his eminence is very well disposed toward him , and that his fortune perhaps depends upon this interview . ’ ” alone . ” who sent me a hundred francs by his valet-de-chambre . ” as to hear and see everything , ” he answered . my lord ! reputation of being the least curious and the least wearisome man in france . dismissed , ” continued	47.34269714355469
caderousse . ’ t speak well of him . ” well to sleep here and to start again very early to-morrow . had the room been empty , but unfortunately it was occupied . only applies to the guilty , ” said tréville , who was determined to have the last word , “ and my musketeer is innocent . entered the courtyard and d ’ artagnan led the prisoner up the great staircase and across the corridor and ante-chamber . all that is possible , father , to meet this disastrous result ? ” asked the young man , after a moment ’ s pause . and go down into italy by the <unk> . count withdrew ; when he raised his head he saw disappearing down	80.05029296875
the passage nothing but a shadow , before which the bandits bowed . they descended the staircase , that bertuccio signed himself in the corsican manner ; that is , had formed the sign of the cross in the air with his thumb , and as he seated himself in the carriage , muttered a short prayer . active links to , or other immediate access to , the full project gutenberg™ license must appear prominently whenever any copy of a project gutenberg™ work ( any work on which the phrase “ project gutenberg ” appears , or with which the phrase “ project gutenberg ” is associated ) is accessed , displayed , performed , viewed , copied or distributed : it , ” replied andrea ,	109.3282699584961
in the tone in which he had heard <unk> or <unk> reply to <unk> at the théâtre <unk> . precaution was superfluous , and everything proceeded with the utmost smoothness and politeness . him this voyage ? ” had discovered a silver mine in the mountains of <unk> , but he had been careful to conceal it from everyone . in paris ? ” still you are an accomplice of that child of <unk> who is called lord de winter ! had already drunk half a glass . continued my father , still frowning , ‘ their <unk> emperor treated these madmen as they deserved ; he called them ‘ food for cannon , ’ which was precisely all they were good for ; and i am delighted	122.68702697753906
to see that the present government have adopted this <unk> principle with all its <unk> vigor ; if algiers were good for nothing but to furnish the means of carrying so admirable an idea into practice , it would be an acquisition well worthy of struggling to obtain . this menacing <unk> with a smile of disdain on her lips , but rage in her heart . excellency ’ s project ? ” ordinary events took place . country toward the road to paris , followed by mousqueton , who , after being too cold all night , at the end of a quarter of an hour found himself too warm . m. de château-renaud ? ” , and hardly was he outside the door , which in	110.12522888183594
his haste he forgot to shut , than they saw him throw back his head and empty to the very dregs the glass which valentine had filled . , monsieur , ” said the young man , turning pale , and , in spite of himself , trembling beneath the scrutinizing look of his companion , “ such consequences would be extremely unpleasant . ” its height . hand to testify that it was freely given . ” would have <unk> the soldier for indulging in such pleasantry , but his conscience murmured too loud for his mouth to dare speak . his lips . ” said mercédès , shuddering . more uneasiness than the war with spain , the quarrel with england , or the embarrassment of	117.54182434082031
the finances . not willingly ; in appearance , not heart ; and that is exactly the snare the king ’ s enemies are preparing for the poor child . ” to be present at the trial . ” it ! ” and brilliant evening of my life ! milady , “ i have not seen our gascon this evening . ” ? ” asked the steward , whose roses began to change into <unk> . time he has ever been in paris . to weary her with questions , but merely to pay their respectful duty and retire . something , ” said albert ; “ today is thursday , and who knows what may arrive between this and sunday ? ” the strong , mordaunt ,	74.92576599121094
” he said ; “ and the frenchmen , how did they behave ? ” , free step of an <unk> or an andalusian . it appears , and i ask your pardon . ” d ’ artagnan , “ they have friends who ask it for them . ” words were uttered did not escape the marechal . of the minister ’ s box opened , and madame danglars , accompanied by her daughter , entered , escorted by lucien debray , who assiduously conducted them to their seats . ” replied the young man . ’ artagnan was then in her power ! ” she said , “ let us see what you would do to prove this love of which you speak . ” to	44.91393280029297
have its meaning , for the constant habit of thought which he had acquired had given an ease and vigor to the expression of his face , and even to the most trifling gesture , scarcely to be understood . i am at liberty to dispose of it . , that what i have to say relates to most important matters . ” in fanaticism , what his <unk> had been to henry iii. , and his scotch guard to louis xi . with his hands behind him , tossing his head and repeating , “ i shall follow up on my idea . ” to me , ” said he , “ and tell him to get ready for a journey . ” s a noise like	76.21495056152344
a <unk> ’ s the air blowing up the deck . the president , “ we acknowledge no king louis xviii. , or an <unk> , but his majesty the emperor and king , driven from france , which is his kingdom , by violence and treason . ” you , count ? ” said the young man , in an almost joyful accent , pressing monte cristo ’ s hand with both his own . the two musketeers . the bastion were ignorant of the intentions of the man they saw coming toward them , they fired upon him , and he fell , struck by a ball which broke his shoulder . road . ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . i will stay ; i	48.57304763793945
must do something to distract my thoughts . ” menace terrifies me . been repressed when she was about to reveal it , by the sad conviction that it would be useless to do so ; for , were it once discovered by her father and mother , all would be lost . ” said planchet , “ and i will go as soon as you please . ” ? ” condition . ? ” asked monte cristo . of all the passions . when the campaign is over , ” replied the gascon . caderousse was evidently a stranger to the south of france ; he was one of those merchants who come to sell jewellery at the beaucaire fair , and who during the month the	55.4467887878418
fair lasts , and during which there is so great an <unk> of merchants and customers from all parts of europe , often have <unk> to the amount of 100,000 to 150,000 francs . , expecting every moment to see that poor wretch holding between his hands the poniard plunged into his heart . ” going . whose it is you can say that it belongs to an irish gentleman . ” was <unk> the king , as monsieur le comte thinks , for i know what it is to see a man led to death , and though i ought to be accustomed to the sight it always makes me <unk> i was watching the masked executioner , the idea came to me , as i said	115.24114990234375
, to find out who he was . i was ignorant of that , ” said the musketeer . , then , ” said milady , casting down her eyes with all the sweetness she could give to her voice , with all the resignation she could impress upon her manner . the secret of the medicis or the borgias . ” ” whispered the poor mercer . do you a favor ; i use either hand easily . with murders , with <unk> , hated by every one and yet threatening still , like a panther thirsting for blood , she fell under the blows of men whom she had rendered desperate , though they had never done her the least injury ; she met with judges	121.16069030761719
whom her hideous crimes had <unk> ; and that executioner you <unk> executioner who you say told you <unk> executioner , if he told you everything , told you that he leaped with joy in avenging on her his brother ’ s shame and suicide . ; and everything considered , it is our lot to risk our lives ; but _she_ , ” asked he , in an undertone . said the tutor , joining in the conversation . waiting at the door ; the groom , in every respect a <unk> of the english fashion , was standing on tiptoe to hold a large <unk> horse . ? an air so thoughtful , and so full of affectionate admiration , that she turned back and grasped	114.77457427978516
his hand ; at the same time she seized that of her son , and joined them together . ” said mazarin , “ i think it must please me best to remain ; not only on account of my own interest , but for your safety . ” ” valentine . characters of those with whom he was going to fight , and began to view his situation more clearly . to pass it over to you , my dear athos . ” ” said aramis . the pistols . , my dear cavalcanti , ” said the count , pouring out for him a second glass of alicante ; “ your emotion has quite overcome you . ” the scent of something <unk> which was not	45.67613220214844
unwelcome to him , hungry as he was ; it was that mixture of fat and garlic peculiar to provençal kitchens of an inferior order , added to that of dried fish , and above all , the <unk> smell of <unk> and <unk> . s <unk> , to whom i am very <unk> allied , ” said aramis , coloring . foot of the stairs , and then immediately came up again to d ’ artagnan , whose senses were still in a state of confusion . of him ? quitted franz , leaving him unable to decide whether she were merely amusing herself at his expense , or whether her fears and <unk> were genuine . that no one ever appeared to advance a step in	116.799072265625
that man ’ s favor . which they made , milady replied by a sign that it was he . bishop that very evening to apprise him of the religious desire expressed by the king and also of cromwell ’ s permission . is my office to know everything . in the hall and called for a servant to conduct him to m. noirtier ; but no one answered , the servants having , as we know , deserted the house . formed into little groups . to a painful and disgraceful punishment is no impediment to beauty , but it is an obstacle to the recovery of power . to wait for us on the piazza del popolo , by the via del babuino , for i	114.36914825439453
shall be glad to pass , myself , through the corso , to see if some orders i have given have been executed . ” mother , who <unk> exceedingly well , and who , unwilling to part with so valuable a picture , gave it to me to put here , where it would be less likely to displease m. de morcerf , whose portrait , by <unk> , i will also show you . not a command , but advice i give you . ” is quite fair , and that <unk> so much red , you ought to reap a little blue . ” and rochefort went hastily out of the apartment . de guiche restrained the intense desire he had of breaking the monk	91.61773681640625
’ s bones . him with a smile . said the musketeer . ; is it too long ? ” , manly tread , and poor barrois followed him as he best might . were worth more than the watch . to be had who bear this beautiful name ? ” , ” replied m. de la trémouille , “ but i warn you that i am well informed , and all the fault is with your musketeers . ” than to comply with your excellency ’ s wish , ” said the landlord , opening the door of the chamber ; “ i have caused one to be placed on the landing , close by your apartment . ” roan , holding by the halter a vigorous	59.752010345458984
<unk> horse ; this was d ’ artagnan ’ s mount . t know him , ” said the countess ; “ i have a great mind to return it . ” him ( i know that sometimes prisons afford means of escape ) , will you leave him in prison ? ” her husband and took one of his hands in hers , julie still lay with her head on his shoulder , emmanuel stood in the centre of the chamber and seemed to form the link between morrel ’ s family and the sailors at the door . no time to lose , on account of the audience of the king , which was fixed for midday , he cast his eyes around , and seeing	52.79756164550781
that the street was empty , said to his adversary , “ my faith ! wake of the ship , a speck near the enormous mass . ” said athos , gravely , “ i assure you that you do me wrong in dwelling so upon that . the kisses of d ’ artagnan . his age ! the resolution of believing for the present all that was said of their past , hoping for more certain and extended revelations in the future . door was open , and having no occasion to ring he entered . cristo ’ s voice seemed to resound in his ear with the words he had heard only two hours before , “ whatever you want , morrel , come to me	76.44322967529297
; i have great power . ” , the simple puritan fancied he recognized the step and voice of milady coming to throw herself into his arms , to accuse herself , and die with him . , prudent as you are , think , if you were to be arrested with that handkerchief , and that handkerchief were to be seized , would you not be compromised ? ” mourning her loss , ” exclaimed the major , drawing from his pocket a checked handkerchief , and alternately wiping first the left and then the right eye . albert ? ” <unk> at the height of one foot . master these eight fools and their stupid captain . mercédès ; “ enough , edmond ! the major	112.41726684570312
, “ i am quite ashamed of the trouble i am giving you . ” a very respectable appearance . ” your life in <unk> that which you might have honorably acquired ; and already you contemplated crime under the excuse of want , when god worked a miracle in your behalf , sending you , by my hands , a <unk> , indeed , for you , who had never possessed any . mob have even suggested throwing up barricades in the rue saint denis and the rue saint antoine ? ” really seems to me very curious . ” a gentle wave of the hand , monte cristo signed to the distracted mother to lay aside her apprehensions ; then , opening a casket that stood	116.07678985595703
near , he drew forth a phial of bohemian glass <unk> with gold , containing a liquid of the color of blood , of which he let fall a single drop on the child ’ s lips . , and owns that he did so , you ought to be satisfied . ” you manage to stow me ? ’ that they both be instantly arrested ? ” , a living guaranty , ” replied monte cristo , motionless , but with a threatening look ; “ we have both blood in our veins which we wish to <unk> is our mutual guaranty . this , then , ” said porthos stretching out his hand to assure himself whether a chill sensation he felt on his cheek was	99.99710083007812
not really caused by a drop of rain . , ” said edmond joyfully . said porthos ; “ what can we say to mazarin ? ” great honor , ” said the leader of the posse , “ and i accept thankfully . ” felton , “ convey me to the little bay of— ; you know it was agreed you should put in there . ” exclaimed the countess , after their walk had continued ten minutes in silence , “ is it true that you have seen so much , travelled so far , and suffered so deeply ? ” are at feud with the cardinal . ” part of the road he drew his sword , and required the messenger to deliver up to	83.19664001464844
him the papers of which he was the bearer . ” said he , “ i can not but perceive how sadly i miss the letter of introduction which my father gave me to present to you . ” ” returned the count . ! ” leave you at ten o ’ clock . ” poor animals and went to a corner of the stable , where he saw a little straw , but in doing so he struck his foot against a human body , which uttered a cry and arose on its knees , rubbing its eyes . me ? ” said dantès . she ran to the gate . understand him , or whether he had received no orders respecting the nourishment of danglars ,	49.29244613647461
the giant , without answering , went on with his dinner . fellow making himself <unk> on wine when he ought to be <unk> his wrath , and here is a fool who sees the woman he loves stolen from under his nose and takes on like a big baby . trademark license , especially commercial redistribution . me , and as my soul was not subdued they wished to <unk> my body forever . nearly equal as to numbers , issued from behind the hill and came full gallop toward it . added he in a low tone , “ take care to throw away that cup of syrup of violets in the ashes . ” then , and not an officer of justice ! ” and	166.21168518066406
he closed his eyes with a groan . further commands for me now ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . but on returning from m. beauchamp ’ s , i found madame in tears ; she had sent for me to know when you would return . and tried to raise my mother from the earth , but she was dead ! the coast of <unk> ; all day they <unk> , and in the evening saw fires lighted on land ; the position of these was no doubt a signal for landing , for a ship ’ s lantern was hung up at the <unk> instead of the <unk> , and they came to within a gunshot of the shore . said albert , forgetting at the	72.77570343017578
moment the count ’ s command that he should ask no questions of the slave herself , “ is it possible that you can have known what suffering is except by name ? ” to be seen leaving ; our interview must be kept secret . ” use . ” , he has a good understanding with the shepherds in the plains , the fishermen of the tiber , and the smugglers of the coast . , saying to himself that he would be sure to awake at the posting-house . , ” said she ; “ do not fear , there is our safeguard , ” pointing to the bed . thing becomes more and more <unk> yourself . ” timber , which he now thought to	68.45484924316406
be useless , and swam vigorously to meet them . if you want me , remember the rue tiquetonne , hotel de la chevrette . ” ” said the young man , “ for rejoicing at happiness derived from the misery of others , but , heaven knows , i did not seek this good fortune ; it has happened , and i really can not pretend to <unk> it . athos , “ since you have not a regiment , we are three devoted men . aramis , “ but that fellow is a fiend ; and ask the uncle whether i was wrong to rid him of his dear nephew . ” a hope that in italy , as elsewhere , there might be an exception	76.37800598144531
to the general rule . , so hated by his master , has descended into the tomb , drawing after him the king , whom he would not leave alone on earth , lest his work should be destroyed . no more money left to pay you ? ” asked the infuriated danglars . the help we <unk> chance ? ” resumed morrel . two friends found a letter from athos , who desired them to meet him at the grand charlemagne on the following day . we had intended doing three days <unk> off . ” eye , heaving breast , and lips half open , extended to albert a hand which the latter pressed with a sentiment resembling respectful fear . say , i once reigned	122.5318603515625
in paris ! , ” added the other . scaffold ; oh , heavens , i forgot that it awaits me also ! . used to compass this blessed end ? ” present state of <unk> , i protest that i feel happy . office is located at 809 north 1500 west , salt lake city , ut 84116 , ( 801 ) 596-1887 . our misfortunes , we are still rich enough not to require assistance from anyone . ” said mousqueton , “ that we have nothing to fight <unk> with but barley bread and hop beer . of fighting to-day , sir ; i was charged , indeed , with a mission to the cardinal and had set out for rueil , when , seeing	163.35079956054688
monsieur de chatillon charge , an invincible desire possessed me to charge at his side . young man , without taking the trouble to shut the door after them , descended the rue des fossoyeurs rapidly , turned into the rue des <unk> , and did not stop till they came to the place st. sulpice . like <unk> . ” in thought . ; but listen , and you will understand . which he could not account , made the lieutenant ’ s heart beat : he had no longer the assurance of youth ; experience had taught him the importance of past events . cristo , “ you must not ask of us , the <unk> of fine porcelain , such a question . franz ,	69.04080963134766
— “ your voice , your look , your pallid complexion , and even the life you lead . ” since we are to converse in a private room . will grant me no more , i must be content with what you give me . ceased to bear that name . ” them , winked his eyes , rolled his tongue around his cheeks , and <unk> his lips in a manner equivalent to a hundred words among the bandits when forced to be silent . valentine ; “ and i have but one scruple , —that of leaving my dear grandmother ’ s remains , which i had undertaken to watch . ” fright ! , ” replied the young man ; “ she will escape	78.81388854980469
us , and it will be your fault , athos . ” for reality was but a dream ; but it was a dream so soft , so voluptuous , so enthralling , that they sold themselves body and soul to him who gave it to them , and obedient to his orders as to those of a <unk> , struck down the designated victim , died in torture without a murmur , believing that the death they underwent was but a quick transition to that life of delights of which the holy <unk> , now before you , had given them a slight <unk> . ” will never again work in the dark , and that i will know not only to what i expose myself ,	125.4394760131836
but for whom i expose myself . ” cupid me for that sum ? ’ ‘ no ; but i will play for him. ’ ‘ what ? ’ ‘ at <unk> ’ no sooner said than done , and i lost the horse . we <unk> <unk> , ” said athos , quietly , drawing four pistoles from his pocket and throwing them upon the table . , on the contrary , adorable . ” was not long before athos entered . ? ” trouble by what has taken place . ” have obtained a grant of a railway , the only <unk> enterprise which in these days promises to make good the fabulous prospects that law once held out to the eternally deluded parisians , in	139.37074279785156
the fantastic mississippi scheme . declare itself more prematurely , and yet it was not owing to any fault in his bringing up . , but he <unk> its presence . been a promise . ” undecided . , porthos looking at d ’ artagnan with <unk> astonishment . end of the yard , on the left , on the third story . ” blood-stained , on the desk , as a testimony of the crime . ” hear ? ” observed gaetano ; “ he is bidding you adieu . ” magnificent prison . so that the minister felt that all around him , beneath the homage of the courtiers , lay a fund of hatred , ill disguised by fear and interest . absence haven ’	97.09461975097656
t i put in my place grimaud and the scotchman ? ” that , my boy ? visitor entered , and , according to custom , franz gave up his seat to him . ! ” shouted d ’ artagnan . d ’ artagnan , “ for the actual man . , my lord , ” said she , in order to gain time and make her adversary speak out . ! ” replied morrel , with another struggle , which , like the first , failed in releasing him from the count ’ s iron grasp . of this counsel , winter ? ” asked the king , looking with admiration at these two men , whose chief idea seemed to be how they could take on	59.382957458496094
their shoulders all the dangers that assailed him . i am a poor innkeeper . <unk> . artagnan . , ” said porthos ; “ she is simply a duchess . ” , having determined to live in eastern <unk> i have been desirous of following the example of king mithridates . ” the parliament , which , supported by the citizens , replied by declaring that cardinal mazarin was the cause of all the discontent ; denounced him as the enemy both of the king and the state , and ordered him to retire from the court that same day and from france within a week afterward ; <unk> , in case of <unk> on his part , all the subjects of the king to pursue and	76.64685821533203
take him . then , to dispose of that part of your fortune which the law allows you to <unk> from the inheritance of your son ? ” noirtier made no answer . porthos , then aramis . wrong . said , negligently , “ this money is not mine . this diamond ; you will divide the money into five equal parts , and give an equal portion to these good friends , the only persons who have loved me upon earth . ’ ” . name struck me , because i also have known that gentleman , and it appeared strange to me to meet with a person who appears to know him well . ” lost a word of the conversation , took his two	86.2922134399414
companions by the hand , and led them to the other end of the room . the excited mob . ; she came three times , whilst i was a child , to my nurse ’ s house ; i remember the last time she came as well as if it were to-day . ” of the alphabet . chapter 32 . creatures ? fact , magnificent , ” said andrea . andrea philosophically , determined to watch his companion narrowly , “ does not life pass in waiting ? ? ” ” replied maximilian ; “ but i fear you will deem it even more absurd than the first . ” can not survive without widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing	93.57051849365234
the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment . friend . ” sir , you are most welcome ; i was expecting you . ” ? ” mistaken , they are not misfortunes , —it is a punishment . told them that if they would sell it to him , as it would make a magnificent pendant for <unk> , he would give five hundred pistoles for it . to the servants , when i want to transact business with you alone . ” door ushered in the guests , and it was rather a relief to the indifferent to see a person as unmoved as themselves , and who	103.845703125
did not exact a mournful face or force tears , as would have been the case with a father , a brother , or a lover . danglars , but had kept away from some instinctive motive , and had delayed as long as possible availing himself of this last resource . my dear edmond , the dungeon i am about to leave will not long remain empty ; some other unfortunate being will soon take my place , and to him you will appear like an angel of salvation . fere ! ” replied the traveller , who seemed used to this difference between the <unk> of a man of the cities and the pride of the <unk> , ‘ if you refuse wages , you will	100.8857192993164
, perhaps , accept a gift . ’ you have seen me twenty times . ” of the committee , and even claim the honor of being heard . and closed it behind his son ; then , crossing the anteroom , went to his desk on which he placed the pistols , and pointed with his finger to an open ledger . time before i was able to make out what place i was in , or to take account of the details i describe . prince de condé ? ” fox a genius , athos ? ” asked the gascon . returned the chief , ‘ she is thine . ’ travelling , and , being rich , possesses a vessel of his own . ,	58.015235900878906
turning on his <unk> like st. <unk> on his <unk> . woman was covered with a black velvet mask ; but notwithstanding this precaution , which was in fact taken rather against others than against him , he at once recognized his usual guide , the light and intelligent mme . then , throughout the world ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . go to the library , please. ” the marquis took his arm , and they left the salon . him ? ” demanded the inspector . those gray cloaks , but the gray cloaks held their ground and the marshal retired toward the rue saint honore , leaving four of his guards dead on the field of battle . pay his <unk> court to her	103.78704071044922
; and the self-satisfied gascon was convinced that sooner or later she could not fail to respond . letter . my dear viscount . ” camp ; therefore , gentlemen , not a word more of this affair . and found these <unk> carved upon the wood with a knife : victors to make conditions , and you are not yet victors , gentlemen . ” must confess this action and god knows better than we can whether it is a crime , a fault , or a meritorious deed . man in such a state could say ; but they both assured me that it was a jest they were carrying on , and perfectly harmless . ” , monsieur ? ” asked morrel . pleasure and	98.330810546875
surprise escaped from the lips of valentine , who almost instantly said , in a saddened tone , as though some envious cloud darkened the joy which illumined her heart : louise ? ” , ” answered mademoiselle danglars , “ that you would be condemned to die like the worst criminals . ” , ” interrupted the king ; “ for all that was done for our service . ” favorable beginning . possibilities associated with the catalans , and eight days after the wedding they left marseilles . ” during this nocturnal survey . ? ” the count inquired after m. de villefort . gaze levelled at him from under those beautiful black eyebrows , he prudently turned away , and calmed himself immediately , daunted	122.5268325805664
by the power of a resolute mind . of what has become of your wife since her flight . ” above 1,500 . instead of becoming calmer , the noise increases . ” the only fault to be found with them was the same that a fastidious connoisseur might have found with her beauty , that they were somewhat too <unk> and masculine for so young a person . strips of cloth upon which the abbé faria had spread the riches of his mind . musketoon and a pistol . inherits nothing from his mother , will , therefore , be poor in comparison with me . that you may be recognized ? ” at a gallop along the road to béthune . had attempted to regain his	107.33715057373047
bed , but had not had sufficient strength to do so . my god ! ” believe him to be eternal , like god , although less patient . d ’ artagnan , “ till she comes out . ” screams they saw mordaunt upon the poop with a torch in hand . are you ? ” ! ” said porthos , with his loud laugh . ” said mazarin , “ since everything must be done as you wish . ” nothing , ” said monte cristo . <unk> ! ” but her eyes spoke with their inexpressible eloquence , supplicating by turns each of those on whom she looked . project gutenberg™ , including how to make donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation ,	55.0640869140625
how to help produce our new ebooks , and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new ebooks . him which <unk> everything . , ” said d ’ artagnan , crossing swords . fellow , you understand one must never be eccentric . fine body of citizens passing ; quite attractive , by jupiter ! , on my honor , ” said he , “ to await your decision respecting the course i am to pursue with m. d ’ épinay . ” then turning towards monte cristo , “ count , ” said he , “ in the name of all that is dear to you , i entreat you not to kill albert ! —the unhappy youth has a mother . ”	95.05233764648438
returned to town with emmanuel and maximilian . idiot by this time from drinking . of a battle ; the heart beat , the eyes laughed , and they felt that the life they were perhaps going to lose , was , after all , a good thing . the blade , the master had slyly put that on one side to make himself a <unk> pin . and remained some minutes as if bewildered or stunned . within the apartment , kill him without hesitation . as a thing already decided . ” porthos . madame , ” said the novice , “ are we rivals ? ” ? ” , had believed him killed , and rushing towards him raised him up , and then attended	115.64288330078125
to him with all the kindness of a devoted comrade . , for every spot they passed showed that they were on the road back . better taste than my father ’ s demeanor , madame , ” said albert ; “ nay , more , he seemed greatly flattered at two or three compliments which the count very skilfully and agreeably paid him with as much ease as if he had known him these thirty years . majesty , notwithstanding her excellent heart , has more than once been obliged to abandon to the anger of his eminence persons who had served her . ” should be restored to favor , don ’ t forget me . ” d ’ artagnan , drawing his sword and taking	86.08865356445312
refuge behind his horse ; “ are you not mistaken ? said the officer , who covered a part of his face with his cloak . money ? there to be imprisoned , ” said dantès ; “ it is only used for political prisoners . the curiosity , when you have landed and found this island deserted , to seek for this enchanted palace ? ” morrel , reading all that passed through the minds of the witnesses to the scene , “ i know what i am saying , and you know as well as i do what i am about to <unk> has been assassinated ! ” of it . ” , after the little that i have seen and heard , that i think	57.887874603271484
even better of you than i have been told . ” joy like the storm which <unk> the sleeper in the midst of a happy dream ; she grew pale and ran to the window , while mme . ” on their horses , rode to the hotel , the “ arms of england . ” the better , i feared this little precaution might have been forgotten . ” wished to <unk> us is still smoking ; and the situation in which you are is a bed of roses compared to that in which you wished to place us and in which you have placed monsieur groslow and his companions . ” can hardly tell , but i was alluding to those who wrote the letter ;	83.50457763671875
you received one , did you not ? ” the count , going to the door , and returning . was pale and his shirt was all bloody . a good journey to you , ’ said caderousse . during the whole day , to trace her plan of conduct . ” he said ; “ non siete tedesco ; siete <unk> . ” promise , maximilian . ” <unk> large dark room situated opposite the kitchen . , and as she did so , looked whiter than the marble against which she leaned . , gentlemen , provided we set sail , ” he said . hood as soon as i saw him , but perhaps it was too late . ” interests that occupied her mind	80.58547973632812
terrified milady , whose questions became more pressing . very day . ” lost your senses . ” , sir ; the abbé ’ s dungeon was forty or fifty feet distant from that of one of bonaparte ’ s emissaries , —one of those who had contributed the most to the return of the usurper in 1815 , a very resolute and very dangerous man . ” valentine , “ the reason of my proposing it was that i might escape this hateful marriage , which drives me to <unk> ” noirtier ’ s breathing came thick and short . . ” a marriage between the prince of wales and mademoiselle d ’ orleans was spoken of , ” said de winter . , porthos . the	105.85459899902344
point of his sword at his throat . he to debray , who had thrown himself into an easy-chair at the farthest extremity of the salon , and who held a pencil in his right hand and an account book in his left , “ what are you doing there ? madame de chevreuse had made a parting gesture to the young man , and raoul had returned in a state of stupefaction . cried d ’ artagnan , “ that there is a woman in the <unk> woman carried off , a woman who is doubtless threatened , tortured perhaps , and all because she is faithful to her mistress . ” married , he shall come and live with us , instead of one child ,	57.556922912597656
he shall have two . think you have anything to say against me ? arrived in a city , when they had conducted the king to his quarters the four friends either retired to their own or to some secluded cabaret , where they neither drank nor played ; they only conversed in a low voice , looking around attentively to see that no one overheard them . ” replied raoul . a suppliant air , but without venturing to speak a word . power of your seductions upon many men , and unfortunately you have always succeeded ; but i give you leave to try them upon this one . the quay by way of the rue de la monnaie ; there he found groups of bourgeois	131.95709228515625
clad in black cloaks or gray , according as they belonged to the upper or lower bourgeoisie . that behind this little window , which threw forth such friendly beams , the pretty mme . , ” he said , “ here you are in full dress most fortunately , for i am going to take you to the cardinal ’ s . ” you thought ? ” asked the young man anxiously , in his turn descending from the table . ? ” asked he . stoop to nobody but the king , the cardinal , and <unk> he considered the first three personages in france . ” , then ? ” madame danglars , “ you can feel for my emotion , can you not ?	66.53703308105469
moments thoughtful . first . to do for this . ” when i had fallen asleep ; my sleep , then , must have lasted twenty-four hours ! , ” said marshal de grammont , “ consider that when we have collected all our forces we shall have hardly thirteen thousand men . ” . ” touched the brush with the tips of their fingers and made the sign of the cross ; the coadjutor threw a piece of money into the hat , which was on the ground . ’ s eyes grew bloodshot and he was white with foam . cried the lieutenant ; “ there ’ s only one man in the world who could stay my hand ; by a fatality that very man	69.0208969116211
bars my way . she had loved so much was in great danger , the queen , when his death was announced to her , would not believe the fact , and even imprudently exclaimed , “ it is false ; he has just written to me ! ” the names of your friends ? ” friend ? ” exclaimed porthos . you . ” we shall not be <unk> if we pay our respects to him directly ? ” least , are the first that will fall due . ” spot . his head . to do ? ” inquired the count . ” said dantès ; “ you can take it away when you bring me my breakfast . ” free to say or not to	40.354183197021484
say who i am to two strangers who take a fancy to ask me . ” bottom of the valise belonging to the young man a small bag of louis , called olivain , the lackey who had followed him from blois , and made him pack the valise under his own eyes , watchful to see that everything should be put in which might be useful to a young man entering on his first campaign . answered d ’ artagnan . this cavern , morcerf ? ” asked beauchamp . ? ” while others formed parties and plans to annoy the pages and guards of the cardinal <unk> things which appeared to d ’ artagnan monstrous impossibilities . ” said franz , at the moment signor pastrini	103.77229309082031
was about to open his mouth , “ that you knew luigi vampa when he was a <unk> is still a young man , then ? ” you , sir , ” replied monte cristo ; “ and if i did , your tone is too high . ? ” he said . was it but a dream ? go , my lord ? ” that is known ? ” , to give me an idea of what it is . ” a huge black dog came rushing to meet the daring <unk> of his ordinarily tranquil abode , <unk> and displaying his sharp white teeth with a determined hostility that abundantly proved how little he was accustomed to society . anything valuable ? ” demanded the host	66.31512451171875
, after a few minutes of useless investigation . , a hundred times , thanks ! ” moment in which d ’ artagnan fixed his eyes upon the gentleman in the violet doublet , the gentleman made one of his most knowing and profound remarks respecting the béarnese pony , his two auditors laughed even louder than before , and he himself , though contrary to his custom , allowed a pale smile ( if i may be allowed to use such an expression ) to stray over his countenance . doubt my <unk> ” ” said mousqueton , glancing at his friend ’ s long and thin body , “ you will pass easily . ” cristo is a strange man , ” said emmanuel . a	101.8270492553711
queen or a goddess ; her eyes , which cast the brilliancy of emeralds , were perfectly beautiful , and yet were at the same time full of sweetness and majesty . he had grasped the hand of valentine , and unable to weep vented his agony in groans as he bit the sheets . a proverb which says that ‘ red is either altogether good or altogether <unk> ’ the proverb was but too correct as regarded benedetto , and even in his infancy he manifested the worst disposition . forth in section 3 below . artagnan , thanks ! ” cried aramis , almost in a state of delirium . s apartments there ? joy , to seek his comrades , whom he had left only	150.09417724609375
half an hour before , but whom he found very sad and deeply preoccupied . that is he ! which answered this speech was most decided and terrible , and expressed a feeling almost amounting to hatred . monte cristo , remembering the abbé ’ s two <unk> . ; on reaching the top of the bank , she slipped and fell upon her knees . of the conversation of the doctor and m. de villefort , and he thought he could see through the sheet the extended hands , the stiff neck , and the purple lips . could not respond . he to danglars , “ understand that i do not take a final leave of you ; i must ascertain if your insinuations are just	84.75102233886719
, and am going now to inquire of the count of monte cristo . ” fatal prudence of the baron deprived me of , because he knows the use i would make of it ! fellow may even now be suffering . ” valentine , and i will tell you all about it . strange manner this woman had hitherto been mixed up in his destiny . for the ball , whither all the entreaties of madame de villefort had failed in <unk> him to accompany them , the procureur had shut himself up in his study , according to his custom , with a heap of papers calculated to alarm anyone else , but which generally scarcely satisfied his <unk> desires . is not already returned ?	87.4258804321289
does not allude to its value , although it has been estimated at 100,000 francs ; he means , that the articles contained in this purse are the relics of the angel i spoke of just now . ” man placed between two dangerous positions , and who is rendered brave by fear . as marble and proud like his father . of <unk> fellows , perfectly <unk> toward all but himself . it be directly ! ” exclaimed the young man . you ’ re a soldier . , ” mousqueton had said ; “ he is thinking of groslow . ” friend ; we became <unk> at five , he at eighteen . been his motive for sending the cup to me ? ” , he	132.74046325683594
besought me to try and clear up a mystery he had never been able to penetrate , and to clear his memory should any foul spot or stain have fallen on it . ” woman whom you have dishonored . ” while possessing a great admiration for the antique , as it was understood during the time of the <unk> , entertained the most sovereign contempt for the simple elegance of his wife ’ s favorite <unk> , where , by the way , he was never permitted to <unk> , unless , indeed , he excused his own appearance by <unk> in some more agreeable visitor than himself ; and even then he had rather the air and manner of a person who was himself introduced ,	118.72203063964844
than that of being the <unk> of another , his reception being cordial or frigid , in proportion as the person who accompanied him chanced to please or displease the baroness . was burning in one of the highest windows of the tower . bad use of it , i entreat you . know very little about the nonsense which here <unk> down our streets . to tell you to watch over yourself , for she had advice that your assassination would be attempted . ” muttered comminges , looking after mazarin . love me ! ” said the procurator ’ s wife , slowly and sadly . fine gentleman ! ” said others . his hiding-place three or four rolls of linen , laid one over the	115.58048248291016
other , like folds of <unk> . mme . . ? for tomorrow , and my cashier shall call on you with a check for eighty thousand francs . ” on the interest of the danglars to hush up the rumor of their own <unk> . that necessary task . said valentine to the young man , who was regarding her with the most intense interest , “ my grandfather , m. noirtier , had a thousand things to say , which he told me three days ago ; and now , he has sent for you , that i may repeat them to you . these doubts and wishes , when the patron , who had great confidence in him , and was very desirous of retaining	68.2146987915039
him in his service , took him by the arm one evening and led him to a tavern on the via del ’ <unk> , where the leading smugglers of leghorn used to <unk> and discuss affairs connected with their trade . that disturbed you , madame , ” said villefort . your wife , with madame de chevreuse , and with my lord duke of buckingham . ” outburst of sarcasm . a young man followed by a lackey with two extra horses , advanced respectfully to the door . he , with intense suffering , “ i might , then , have been happy yet . ” for two soldiers , ” said the governor . , i will spit you all like <unk> ! ”	83.59892272949219
on board a vessel at the moment he was leaving england , he suspected that it was , almost without a doubt , on account of the diamond studs . horses ! ” was therefore admired , feared , and loved ; and this constitutes the zenith of human fortune . ” and therein found his advantage . ” upon his head the punishment reserved for the damned ! ” said felton , with increasing exultation . for blois . the same voice . town , commanding the principal open space , rose a dark mass , separated from the rest of the world by two <unk> and overshadowed in the front by enormous lime-trees . as able as you are . ” you say to that ?	98.55081939697266
” cardinal spoke of mme . accept it ? ” prejudice is forgotten which made the son responsible for the father ’ s actions . monte cristo , turning towards morrel , “ i may depend upon you , may i not ? ” said , “ i think that we are decidedly wrong to depart thus , without leaving a line for porthos and d ’ artagnan . ” fall of that of the comte de wardes . ” these dreadful events that i waited on your excellency , to whom it would have been folly to have mentioned benedetto , since all trace of him seemed entirely lost ; or of my sister , since she was dead . ” contrary , they wished to assassinate	59.333961486816406
him . aramis instantly drew near one another , while jussac drew up his soldiers . whistling noise , he rubbed them well all over their bodies for several minutes ; then , undisturbed by the noisy crowd collected round the broken carriage , ali quietly harnessed the <unk> animals to the count ’ s chariot , took the reins in his hands , and mounted the box , when to the utter astonishment of those who had witnessed the ungovernable spirit and maddened speed of the same horses , he was actually compelled to apply his whip in no very gentle manner before he could induce them to start ; and even then all that could be obtained from the celebrated “ dappled grays , ” now	195.2816162109375
changed into a couple of dull , <unk> , stupid brutes , was a slow , <unk> pace , kept up with so much difficulty that madame de villefort was more than two hours returning to her residence in the faubourg saint-honoré . villefort ; i fully believed that when he went out in the night he would be forced to traverse the whole of the garden alone . ” hat , sire , that he may not discover the substitution . ” his carriage and returned home . so , at least . ” of a circumstance i consider very serious ; the young man was either charmed by his nurse , stolen by gypsies , or lost by his tutor , i scarcely know which .	87.80664825439453
her carriage , and heard her order the coachman to drive to st. germain . god for my happy deliverance , ” said rochefort . killing glances at mademoiselle danglars , and by sighs launched in the same direction . done ? ” said porthos . had approached during this <unk> , stepped back and turned pale as death on hearing porthos ’ s words , for she thought the scene with the swiss was about to be repeated . far from looking for us among the puritans ; therefore , with the puritans we must go . ” remain on <unk> terms with me , i should have said , ‘ patience , my friend ; ’ but you have constituted yourself my enemy , therefore i	86.83404541015625
say , ‘ what does that signify to me , sir ? ’ ” awaited the return of his companions . is about to die and i come to prepare him . ” , ” said the bandit , “ it is my favorite work . ” speak , doctor ; i shall have courage . ” , of king charles ! monsieur , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ and whether drawn by myself or another , i assure you i shall always view with regret the blood of so brave a gentleman . , ” was the count ’ s reply ; “ only impenetrable , that ’ s all . ! have accomplished with all the <unk> of a soldier , but also with	53.608726501464844
the courtesy of a gentleman . , dining-room , two drawing-rooms , billiard-room , staircase in the hall , and a little back staircase . ” in a sort of agony upon the door through which the king must enter . guitant , i have often remarked that in addition to your courage , which is indisputable , and your fidelity , which is invincible , you possess an admirable memory . ” de la fere the question . to me , silence , with respect to my friends ; silence about the queen , above all , or you will ruin everybody without saving yourself ! , ” replied fernand , with the accents of <unk> resolution , “ i would die myself ! ” am ,	78.69725036621094
” said the young man , “ with a promising future and a little money . ! a man who was quite destitute struck even porthos ; and this french generosity , repeated by lord de winter and his friend , was highly applauded , except by mm . to know her name , nor do i know it . ” was sufficient to awaken the <unk> of the young man , the effect produced upon him by this vociferous mirth may be easily imagined . to speak . us ; and the best advice we can give you is to do so <unk> . ’ seeming hilarity , nevertheless , people ’ s minds were uneasy . replied bonacieux ; “ my wife adores me , and	91.2286605834961
there is yet time . ” same . ” arched <unk> , and at length stopped in a court large , dark , and square . carlos ? ” too plainly that it does exist . , then . ” city is a nice sort of place . ” respectful bow , was moving away , the count called him back . , —i love her husband emmanuel ; but i require a strong mind to smile on my last moments . with so much <unk> ” tréville had served him so faithfully in his wars against the league that in default of <unk> thing to which the béarnais was accustomed all his life , and who constantly paid his debts with that of which he never stood	114.18812561035156
in need of <unk> , that is to say , with ready <unk> default of money , we repeat , he authorized him , after the <unk> of paris , to assume for his arms a golden lion <unk> upon gules , with the motto <unk> et <unk> . is a man by himself ! , to mademoiselle valentine de villefort that you leave these 900,000 francs ? ” demanded the notary , thinking he had only to insert this clause , but waiting first for the assent of noirtier , which it was necessary should be given before all the witnesses of this singular scene . at a furious rate from the rue meslay , and was hastening with rapid strides in the direction of the faubourg	129.32017517089844
saint-honoré . , as he gazed at monte cristo dilated horribly . announcement she raised herself a little and peeped out , with some curiosity . , gentlemen , that you will not attack me otherwise than one after the other . ” , then ? ” he asked . know who it is that attempts your life ? ” spy in the enemy ’ s camp . among fowls , i believe , but very common among men . ” the <unk> d ’ <unk> , rue des bourdonnais . former musketeers was not so formal and threatening as the first . become acquainted with all these details ? ” asked the president . porthos ; “ would i were but a baron ! ” towards my	64.86993408203125
brain . lord de winter entered first ; indeed , there was but one porter there to receive them at the gate . ” cried patrick . do so , ” said he . ease through the subterranean passage , which , however , did not admit of their holding themselves erect , the two friends reached the further end of the corridor , into which the abbé ’ s cell opened ; from that point the passage became much <unk> , and barely permitted one to creep through on hands and knees . de beaufort . ” ” replied the terrified citizen , in a tone so low that he was scarcely audible . matter , which bids fair to make work for the executioner . ”	87.75106811523438
” will find out some <unk> or <unk> princess ; he will want a crown , an el <unk> , and <unk> . ” army on board it is not here that it is hidden . with those who oblige us , ” was dantès ’ reply ; “ for when we do not owe them money , we owe them gratitude . ” <unk> , excellency . ” and returned directly after . ” said peppino , offering him a little <unk> knife and a <unk> fork . francs a year , without counting a little <unk> of a thousand crowns the prince gave me . ” some remorse ; did you ever remark that ? ” he exclaimed ; “ they have left me my purse	83.2577133178711
and pocket-book . ” said mousqueton , “ then you have come here only to awaken our regrets . ” ! say ? ” as they were in a flood of brilliant light , which illumined the sea for the space of a league , they might each be seen , each by his own peculiar attitude and manner expressing the awe which , even in their hearts of bronze , they could not help experiencing . he darted from the room , followed by the count . . athos , “ are you still afraid ? ” accompany him ; fernand agreed to do so , deserted his post , and followed the general . in a moment relinquish the respect , the confidence , and pride	86.46367645263672
with which a father ’ s untarnished name inspires a son . it , you will be happy . ” line of carriages moved on again , and while he descended the piazza del popolo , the other ascended towards the palazzo di venezia . and was preparing to make a hole with his gimlet , when he found a spigot ; he therefore placed his tankard under it and turned the <unk> ; something , whatever it was the cask contained , fell silently into the tankard . ! ” them . ” till the blood almost started , to prevent the ebullition of anger which his proud and <unk> temper scarcely allowed him to restrain ; understanding , however , that in the present state of	137.0943145751953
things the laugh would decidedly be against him , he turned from the door , towards which he had been directing his steps , and again confronted the banker . ” in the funds ; seven or eight hundred thousand francs . ” for the lackeys , ” resumed aramis , “ but for the <unk> the <unk> , we may say . your relatives and friends . that the king ’ s attorney , be he who he may , with whom i should have to deal , would assuredly be more embarrassed than i should . ” friends , i can tell you that . ” quarter , my officer . ” for franz to do but to take up his hat , open the door	59.12626266479492
of the box , and offer the countess his arm . duc de beaufort to come and the duke was about to arrive , and he would find paris tranquil . look into the obscurity of the place . witty abbé dwelt incessant laughter ; there all the <unk> of the day had their source and were so quickly transformed , <unk> , <unk> , some into <unk> , some into <unk> , that every one was anxious to pass an hour with little scarron , listening to what he said , <unk> it to others . injury sustained by comminges ? ” villefort , “ i ask where is m. d ’ avrigny ? ’ s cough was heard on the stairs and the woman entered the	90.59259033203125
room with a cup in her hand . as your <unk> and friendly adviser , ” said monte cristo , “ did i not possess a moral distrust of my best friends , and a sort of inclination to lead others to doubt them too ; therefore , in departing from this rule , i should ( as the actors say ) be playing a part quite out of my line , and should , therefore , run the risk of being <unk> , which would be an act of folly . ” met with <unk> , likewise , on his journey . bankruptcy ! ” exclaimed m. de boville despairingly . bills up to the 5th of september ; and on the 5th of september at eleven	102.7260513305664
o ’ clock ( the hand of the clock pointed to eleven ) , i shall come to receive the money . ” that it is often he who comes off victorious from the strife , <unk> of all crime in the eyes of the world . said d ’ artagnan , “ that whilst i thought i was coming to noisy i have entered , without suspecting it , into the kingdom of mysteries . ” ? ” country , as i was told by the person who recommended him to me . ” well , ” said the major , who was in ecstasy at the attention paid him by the count . the information he has given us ; if it is true , he	46.37087631225586
shall be free ; if false , let him be shot . ” as yet ; but that i was to dine to-day with two gentlemen , who would be able to give me some . ” ” jingling of spurs was heard on the stairs . the first step of the door and , with his hat in hand , prepared to pass by the two friends , motioning to the four men to follow him . three friends ; “ ’ tis mordaunt ! ” your touching history before it would go forth to the world , and be deemed <unk> and unnatural . he has stolen it . ” this proof of affection ; he not only extended his hand to the young man ,	66.45994567871094
but flew to him with open arms . him with that notion ? ” ” replied porthos . fight as an amateur . , and other things afterward . ” each offering equal <unk> . was withdrawn the captain took his place at the <unk> and made a sign to one of the sailors , who , <unk> in hand , began to push out from the labyrinth of boats in which they were involved . gentlemen ; but no doubt this man brings me the news i <unk> ” and rising also , he went off at a quick pace . ” we have lost too much already . ” strafford ; that confirms what i said just <unk> will have blood . d ’ artagnan ,	85.28939819335938
“ i commit the corpse of this poor devil to your care . , one precaution of considerable importance . ” of him ? ” athos , “ here it is , as clear as day ; pursued as he was , d ’ artagnan would not have <unk> here five minutes had he been pressed very closely , which gives us hopes that he may have succeeded in escaping . ” eugénie ’ s sagacity and the influence of mademoiselle d ’ armilly ; she had frequently observed the contemptuous expression with which her daughter looked upon debray , —an expression which seemed to imply that she understood all her mother ’ s amorous and <unk> <unk> with the intimate secretary ; moreover , she saw that	96.84442138671875
eugénie detested debray , not only because he was a source of <unk> and scandal under the paternal roof , but because she had at once <unk> him in that catalogue of <unk> whom plato endeavors to withdraw from the appellation of men , and whom <unk> designated as animals upon two legs without feathers . told me that you had a secret to confide in me . your honor . ” silence of a vast multitude to the palais royal . . ’ upon each other with a fury which however did not exclude a certain degree of method . , my adored valentine , ” said he in his melodious and grave tone ; “ those who , like us , have never had a thought	125.90400695800781
for which we need blush before the world , such may read each other ’ s hearts . was a friend of mine , i did not know him , and i had nothing to ask of him . ” ” repeated d ’ artagnan . , you shall not commit suicide . ” my child , ” cried the marquis , “ that m. de villefort may prove the moral and political physician of this province ; if so , he will have achieved a noble work . ” it is needless to say that while they coveted the millions , they thought they did not need them for themselves , as they were beautiful enough without them . found himself with danglars , who had advanced	77.42619323730469
to meet him . villefort , with a mournful smile , “ i have already had the honor to observe that my father <unk> least , i hope <unk> his past errors , and that he is , at the present moment , a firm and zealous friend to religion and <unk> better royalist , possibly , than his son ; for he has to atone for past <unk> , while i have no other impulse than warm , decided preference and <unk> ” having made this well-turned speech , villefort looked carefully around to mark the effect of his oratory , much as he would have done had he been addressing the bench in open court . general quesnel to go there , and general quesnel ,	126.1408920288086
who quitted his own house at nine o ’ clock in the evening , was found the next day in the seine . ” , and i will introduce him to you . ” athos and aramis and for the first time replied to porthos ’ s nudge of the knee by a nudge <unk> . athos all that had passed at the church between porthos and the procurator ’ s wife , and how their comrade was probably by that time in a fair way to be equipped . ? ” asked felton , whose looks became excited . few rays , not of daylight , but from a lamp , penetrated through the <unk> planks of the door ; he approached just as the brigand was	54.571170806884766
refreshing himself with a mouthful of brandy , which , owing to the leathern bottle containing it , sent forth an odor which was extremely unpleasant to danglars . prince what they had seen from the inn at mazingarbe . to all but one <unk> was edmond . be , i charge you not to advance another <unk> ’ — ‘ long live the emperor ! ’ said the figure . eyes , but the firm and steady gaze of the young girl controlled his look . carriage ! ” cried the people . replied franz , “ will tell you , as i only require his wonderful lamp to make me precisely like aladdin , that i see no reason why at this moment i should not	143.997802734375
be called aladdin . words when the sound of the bell was heard , the well-known signal given by the porter that a visitor had arrived . he arrived at the end of the cord . own clothes , girded on their swords , ordered mousqueton and blaisois to pay the bill and to arrange everything for immediate departure , and wrapped in their large cloaks left in search of their game . <unk> in all its branches , and dancing . the judges ; it is their business to judge , and they shall judge . ” the money that he and porthos had lost and buried it in his huge pocket . cried d ’ artagnan , <unk> his hold of her dress , and remaining	98.57577514648438
mute , motionless , and frozen . he , “ read ! monte cristo , “ your words <unk> and <unk> my heart , the more so as you have every reason to hate me . the baroness humbly , “ are you not aware that the man employed there was dismissed , that they talked of going to law with him , that orders were issued to arrest him and that this order would have been put into execution if he had not escaped by flight , which proves that he was either mad or guilty ? ” replied eugénie , “ i have tried to the very last and now that the moment has come , i feel in spite of all my efforts that it	75.62976837158203
is impossible . ” ” answered the three friends ; “ it is a family affair . the antechamber , the corridor , or on the stairs , he met the pretty _soubrette_ . that , neighbor caderousse ; it is not worthwhile to contradict me for such a trifle as that . but it seemed that morrel expected <unk> had occasioned the noise , and something must follow . edward ’ s breast . in france they are very particular on these points ; it is not sufficient , as in italy , to go to the priest and say , ‘ we love each other , and want you to marry us. ’ marriage is a civil affair in france , and in order to marry	74.97297668457031
in an orthodox manner you must have papers which <unk> establish your identity . ” , we can try it. ” caderousse went to the window , touched the glass with it , and found it would cut . s a fine age ! ” replied porthos . ignorant of lord de winter ’ s designs upon me ? ” that you talked politics with m. debray , and you fancied from his words that don carlos had returned to spain . he , throwing his sword upon the bed , “ this man must be the devil in person ; he has disappeared like a phantom , like a shade , like a <unk> . ” room , and made but one leap into his _coupé_ .	85.67283630371094
she said to the doctor . thus doubled his income . saw at a glance all the advantage to be derived from the love which kitty had just confessed so innocently , or so boldly : the <unk> of letters addressed to the comte de wardes , news on the spot , entrance at all hours into kitty ’ s chamber , which was contiguous to her mistress ’ s . bishop juxon might be permitted to visit him . that they regarded the cardinal ’ s death as a deliverance ; and i , even i , opposed the designs of the great man who held the destinies of france within the hollow of his hand . matter with my hands ! ” asked milady ; “	111.39657592773438
it seems as if my wrists had been crushed in a vice . ” bragelonne , ” said the queen , “ and rest assured of our affection . ” grimaud . all yet , ” continued faria , “ for i did not think it wise to trust all my treasures in the same hiding-place . from that day . of the letter opposite the seal was blank . hands of athos with an anguish difficult to be described . ’ artagnan was called away he should remain the sole possessor of the bed . danglars , “ will you take a million ? ” , ’ said caderousse . will never take place , ” said beauchamp . ” to himself , nevertheless , porthos stretched	56.56766891479492
out his hand , and the four friends repeated with one voice the <unk> dictated by d ’ artagnan : , how can you say so ? ” exclaimed friquet . ! ” , reassured by the silence , which was alone disturbed by the regular breathing of valentine , again extended her hand , and half hidden by the curtains succeeded in emptying the contents of the phial into the glass . athos , “ i am not far from approving the idea of monsieur porthos . ” d ’ artagnan ; “ a quarter of an hour to go to the tent , a quarter of an hour to return ; it is more than we <unk> ” then turning , without the least change of	51.120361328125
countenance , to porthos , he said , looking him full in the face : “ friend porthos , listen to this ; first , not a syllable to either of our friends of what you have heard ; it is unnecessary for them to know the service we are going to render them . ” of that ? ” certainly , ” said the count ; “ uniform , cross , <unk> . ” the more terrible because it had no definite object ; the more melancholy , because those engaged in it knew not for whom they were fighting . out better than i am , dear count . of a mazarin who had not much religion when his oaths were in question . the clock	92.6050033569336
strike eleven , bowed low , asking permission of the king to retire , and supplicating him to come to a good understanding with the queen . said d ’ artagnan . by the light of the moon , which began to rise , franz imagined that he saw something like a sentinel appear at various points among the ruins , and suddenly retreat into the darkness on a signal from peppino . swords appear like flashes of lightning ; as for the men , they were scarcely perceptible , the darkness was so great . mademoiselle danglars never to commit herself by being seen in public with one destined for a <unk> life ; and acting upon this principle , the banker ’ s daughter , though	129.5043182373047
perfectly willing to allow mademoiselle louise d ’ armilly ( that was the name of the young <unk> ) to practice with her through the day , took especial care not to be seen in her company . any more of them ? ” asked porthos . and sound ? ” asked the host . asked the postilion in italian . upon the table . m. de tréville , fixing upon his compatriot a look so piercing that it might be said he wished to read the thoughts of his heart , “ on account of my old companion , your father , as i have said , i will do something for you , young man . followed by planchet . son , a young man ,	48.87007141113281
a relative , a nephew , of whom comminges spoke to me as being a brave boy , and who , with monsieur de chatillon , brought the standards from lens ? ” had concentrated his forces between <unk> and la venthie ; and after a <unk> along the entire line , in company with marshal de grammont , he had returned and seated himself before a table , with his officers around him . and charged with a commission for which i beg of you to accept my excuses . ” of mazarin ’ s and was as much hated by louis as the cardinal himself , although placed near his person by the minister . disappeared behind one of the tapestried <unk> . my lord .	93.62840270996094
” men ? ” throat , and pressed as hard as he could . who has displeased you ? you going ? ” is a great act of folly to have left such a man between corsica , where he was born , and naples , of which his brother-in-law is king , and face to face with italy , the sovereignty of which he coveted for his son . ” at the baroness , whose face became covered with blushes . hair stood on end and drops of sweat ran down his brow . her eyes fixed upon the door . my eternal misfortune ! ” and milady twisted her arms as if in a paroxysm of grief . give you the satisfaction of a gentleman if	72.80603790283203
your scheme turns out as ingenious as you assert . ” , think i set any great store by life ? ” him , the dear fellow , in which he even asked me for some small service , which , in fact , i rendered him . <unk> surgeon ! ” said caderousse . ” noirtier . aramis . to note by what fragile and unknown threads the destinies of nations and the lives of men are suspended . mahogany secretaire , in which the key is always kept . ” beauchamp , “ i have not considered the question ; a totally different subject interests me . ” ? ” at my house , just after his introduction into the world , as they told me	116.96292877197266
. i had incurred disgrace with your eminence . ” of the month ? ” asked he of jacopo , who sat down beside him . , but when he perceived aramis his hope turned to joy . he cried , with his gascon accent . he said , “ will you permit me to <unk> a few words on that subject , which will perhaps relieve you of your uncertainty ? ” ” said monte cristo , with that expression which sometimes made him so eloquent and <unk> “ look at me . that my ancestor , <unk> de la fere , was made a knight of the order of st. michael ; besides which , the king , fifteen years afterward , gave him also this	66.07718658447266
ewer and a sword which you may have seen formerly in my house , also a lovely specimen of workmanship . of the petty island of elba , after having held sovereign sway over one-half of the world , counting as his subjects a small population of five or six thousand souls , —after having been accustomed to hear the “ <unk> <unk> ” of a hundred and twenty millions of human beings , uttered in ten different languages , <unk> looked upon here as a ruined man , separated forever from any fresh connection with france or claim to her throne . then , since he will have it so . workmen , were to get the king out of prison and take him to greenwich ,	198.4845733642578
where a vessel was waiting . ” faria , showing to the young man a slender stick about six inches long , and much resembling the size of the handle of a fine <unk> , to the end of which was tied , by a piece of thread , one of those cartilages of which the abbé had before spoken to dantès ; it was pointed , and divided at the <unk> like an ordinary pen . a young man , scarcely nineteen or twenty , and this gentleman must be thirty at least . twenty-two or twenty-three years old , but who appeared much older from <unk> exercises . day after your departure , at eight o ’ clock in the evening you are not here ,	86.20001220703125
no <unk> if it be but five minutes past eight . ” , i began by <unk> i take four . dear duke , go <unk> listen . ” not ; some evidence required from us , perhaps . ” from that man ? ” beforehand to my friends as an enchanter of the _arabian nights_ , a <unk> of the middle ages ; but the parisians are so subtle in paradoxes that they mistake for caprices of the imagination the most incontestable truths , when these truths do not form a part of their daily existence . floor , according to a custom in provincial villages , were barred , so that they strongly resembled the windows of a prison . , but tonight you are brutal	164.04214477539062
. ” me to be ill conceived , <unk> , gentlemen ; for if i satisfy some i shall displease others . <unk> of some brave gentleman , an enemy himself to mazarin , as every gentleman ought to be . ” use of the spur , arrived at st. omer without drawing bit . days to the italians . olivain . ” come , my dear father , ” said gérard , drawing closer to m. noirtier , “ do not complain , for it is for you that i came , and my journey will be your salvation . ” what is it you want with me ? eyes ; not because his dungeon was so very disagreeable , but because his uneasiness was so great	88.87227630615234
. thought there was some secret understanding in that quarter ! ” and she greedily read the following few lines : him . ? over ? ” asked rochefort . puritan officers were seated was round , and whether by chance or coarse intention , harrison sat with his back to the king . and means of gratifying them , ” continued danglars , “ you will exhibit a splendor that must effectually put us poor miserable millionaires quite in the shade . as if he meant to say , “ but he does not wear the cardinal ’ s cap ; ” then he added : cristo told you to write to yanina ? ” , or how long the attack may last ? ” must leave	123.29412841796875
it to me . ” good , ” said the voice . the count , “ summon up all your courage ; still the beatings of your heart ; do not let a sound escape you , and <unk> to be asleep ; then you will see . ” , ” continued lord de winter , “ you will remain in this castle . ” said athos , “ planchet must receive seven hundred livres for going , and seven hundred livres for coming back ; and bazin , three hundred livres for going , and three hundred livres for <unk> will reduce the sum to five thousand livres . opened the door of the second room , and from the expression of his face it was clear	40.40554428100586
that he there beheld some extraordinary object . ” at the hôtel de <unk> , at brussels . the first to avail themselves of this permission . greek he had seen in the count ’ s box at the argentina and valle theatres . , i know you not . ” of prisons ? ” , my mission is terminated , now thou canst neither afford me pain nor pleasure . i trust you do not doubt , your devoted ” said athos , smiling , “ he has never been so much a musketeer as since he became an abbé , and you will find him a veritable soldier . ” after an instant of motionless silence he said , to the astonishment of his friends ,	74.23506927490234
“ monsieur mordaunt , a duel between us is impossible . not tell you , raoul , ” said athos , in his turn , “ that he was reckoned one of the finest swordsmen of his <unk> <unk> of iron , a wrist of steel , a sure eye and a glance of fire ; that ’ s what his adversary met with . dangerous spot would have been useless imprudence . your titles after the example set you by messrs. de montmorency and <unk> ? , the servants stood watching m. d ’ avrigny , who ran to valentine , and raised her in his arms . . have us to do here , now that the king is dead ? ” sir , and his	79.7142562866211
age ; he ’ s the second to-day . ” the first swordsmen in the kingdom ? ” first bottle being a little thick at the bottom , brisemont poured the lees into a glass , and d ’ artagnan desired him to drink it , for the poor devil had not yet recovered his strength . misfortune ! ” exclaimed the duchess , playing carelessly with her fan . athos ; “ it was a phenomenon of skill . ” who showed him by a secret sign that he did not wish him to go . to follow my advice ? ” debray , taking out his watch . yes , sir ; so you see that i am not likely to do any of these things	55.005409240722656
. ” occur to me , would be to die in my father ’ s stead ; that would save us all . ” let us fly ! ” repeated mme . , and in the course of the month gained <unk> francs . <unk> drive me like a madman to dig my heart out with my finger-nails ! and attempted to fall back . be no delay , i shall borrow one of your horses . ” a promptness which showed the degree of consideration d ’ artagnan enjoyed in the establishment . will you do as much for me in paris as franz did for you in rome ? ” slept easily . a veritable <unk> , my dear friend , that you are making to	65.1884536743164
the temple of friendship , as the poets would say . ” as he pays me—— ” , my lord ? ” fifteen abreast , galloped up the corso in order to clear it for the _barberi_ . your young raoul ? ” asked aramis . who were waiting slipped down into the moat , tied under grimaud ’ s shoulders the end of a cord , and the remaining two , who held the other end , drew grimaud to them . escape that scoundrel mazarin ? thou dost not oppose my flight . ” ” cries ; and , listening , discerned that they were cries of joy . hideous . ” fere , madame , ” replied the young man , bowing . aramis and	86.42464447021484
porthos is treated of chapter xxxv . and they started at a gallop by the rue richelieu . of your quarrel ? ” is you indeed ! ? ” asked the doctor . learn the result of your trip . ” said , motioning to his groom to approach . for the letter . ” and went out to look for the ladder . was heard above his head . raoul , at the hotel of the bell and bottle , the best at compiegne ; and had started again on his journey , saying that he should sleep at noyon . the right , my dear friend , ” cried porthos ; “ but where the devil do you discover all the notions you put into practice	60.462371826171875
? ” crime with me , and she has caught it as she would the <unk> fever , the cholera , the plague ! , she bit her lip and said , “ then shall i send valentine to you ? ” the old man closed his eyes eagerly , thereby <unk> that such was his wish . ten years , the last four of which he was in my service . was put out at the window , with two fingers placed upon her mouth , either to <unk> silence or to send him a kiss . , your family arms ? , of abuse of power , and murder . porthos . ” said the queen doubtfully , “ that you have not been forestalled ?	86.87981414794922
” o ’ clock , ” said d ’ artagnan , with the same calmness . ring that will obtain audience of him , and remove every difficulty , ’ said the captain . the kindness to take my purse , which i left on the mantelpiece . ” of his own cell and that of dantès , with the passage which united them . bears it is too highly favored by heaven to be the father of such a wretch as you . ” perhaps , my dear aramis , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ for by what i see , i am led to believe that you are confessing to these gentlemen . ” see ; how do you wish to occupy yourself during	48.74140930175781
<unk> ? ” to despair , maximilian , ” said valentine , “ again you plunge the dagger into the wound ! said to planchet , “ must be the archbishop ’ s chateau , the abode of the fair madame de longueville ; but the convent , where is that ? ” door opened ; i was lying on the floor , for my strength began to abandon me . for going the quick way to work ! ” suggest one idea to you ? ” , a noble nature , edmond , and i see by your paleness and agitation what is passing in your heart at this moment . athos , “ what were you saying just now about growing old ? same . he	70.96968841552734
, “ do not forget what you have just seen . ” just passed at the house of m. de villefort . do in all cases of any consequence , d ’ artagnan went straight to the residence of athos . that my mother was lady of honor to marie de medici ? ” <unk> through the trees , remained in darkness , and gave no indication that so important an event as the signature of a marriage-contract was going on . object that brings me here . ” himself no longer , but sank , half fainting , into a seat . too much ! ” ” exclaimed raoul , fixing his glance on one point in the stream , splendidly illumined by the setting sun ,	69.05961608886719
“ a horse , a rider ! ” ? ” interrupted d ’ artagnan . you give me <unk> ! , “ good advice , advice of a friend . dantès , if you had command of the _pharaon_ should you be glad to see danglars remain ? ” therefore , alone ; and as he declared he was too ignorant of the game to play it regularly they only continued giving balls to one another without counting . which valentine and madame de villefort had just quitted . <unk> <unk> de <unk> , et qui <unk> des jours <unk> , tous vos <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> , <unk> à dieu <unk> vous <unk> vos <unk> , vous qui pleurez ! ” ? ” he asked . .	119.8349838256836
” said ? exclaimed another stern voice which milady recognized as that of felton . ; he was not exemplary for piety , he was not easily impressed , but valentine suffering , weeping , wringing her hands before him , was more than he could bear in silence . you will promise me this ? ” said morrel , intoxicated . seen him , but i don ’ t know what he calls himself . ” mass ? ” asked one of the attendants . and he likewise recollected that during the past half hour the poor woman had passed close to him , without doubt carried away by the same power that had caused her disappearance . by <unk> indulging my love for liberty . i	84.248291015625
shall always choose to remain there . ” the latter , blushing , “ what must i say ? ” ” father was by her side . threw himself into his friends ’ arms . the travelers and by their insolence disturbed the <unk> even of the cool athos , who urged on his horse against one of them . why i take such care you shall not deprive me of mine . poor child ? ” retire into a convent , you remember how angry you were with me ? ” a tear trembled in the eye of the invalid . with your companions who are in the glade at rocca bianca . ’ day would be in my eyes now to commit a fresh offense .	87.07398986816406
the circumstance to speak to m. de tréville of the letter with the great red seal and the cardinal ’ s arms . madame de morcerf who is come to you , it is mercédès . ” you wish to ask advice of me ? ” eyes , —he could not believe his reason ; he dragged himself towards the child ’ s body , and examined it as a lioness contemplates its dead <unk> . went as far as the tour de <unk> . albert , ” said debray , “ confess that your cook is behindhand , that the oysters have not arrived from ostend or <unk> , and that , like madame de <unk> , you are going to replace the dish by a story	61.253074645996094
. aramis , “ what think you about these two enemies whom it requires , besides comminges ’ s troop , ten good soldiers to confront ; are they not as like as two drops of water to d ’ artagnan and porthos ? ” himself <unk> a sword , which he drew from its perfumed leather sheath ; he examined it to see if its hilt was well guarded and if the blade was firmly attached to the hilt . hated during his lifetime and whom they now praise after his death , was even less popular than i am . but i think that either i have expressed myself badly or your majesty has imperfectly understood me . the king , “ we shall soon see	148.56219482421875
whether my highlanders have betrayed me or not . ” passed the night writing letters , <unk> despatches . debray ? ” excellency chose , ” said the captain , “ you might have capital sport . ” maintain , ” said the cardinal , “ that the duke of buckingham came to paris for a project wholly political . ” on my part , monsieur , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ for having only arrived yesterday in paris , i as yet know no one but monsieur de tréville , to whom i was recommended by my father , who has the honor to be , in some degree , one of his friends . ” , and through a <unk> in the shutter they	54.04985046386719
saw bonacieux talking with a man in a cloak . , my lord . ” is a sepulcher ; the men , and consequently the women , are but shadows , and love is a sentiment to which you cry , ‘ fie ! tuscan , and spanish like a <unk> ; he would have been free , and happy with mercédès and his father , whereas he was now confined in the château d ’ if , that impregnable fortress , ignorant of the future destiny of his father and mercédès ; and all this because he had trusted to villefort ’ s promise . , ” replied albert . such thing , fernand ; you are a soldier , and if you remain at the catalans	72.57865142822266
it is because there is no war ; so remain a fisherman , and contented with my friendship , as i can not give you more . ” him for that . ” quitted the room with his wife , leaving his father at liberty to do as he pleased . the gascon ; “ do not utter that name . ” porthos ; “ armentières ? de nargonne , your first husband , being neither a philosopher nor a banker , or perhaps being both , and seeing there was nothing to be got out of a king ’ s attorney , died of grief or anger at finding , after an absence of nine months , that you had been <unk> six . ” muttered the	76.24217224121094
cardinal , “ you have said enough ; where is the treaty ? ” , who , in the <unk> of his power , had been unable to <unk> napoleon ’ s secret , might in despair at his own downfall interrogate dantès and so lay bare the motives of villefort ’ s plot . ago , passing miraculously through the puritan army , and i took post horses with my servant tony ; the horses upon which we were mounted were bought in paris . should not you be free , too ? and the moment after , three muffled <unk> , answering the given signal , sounded beneath the floor . will take this bag , and you will go away without being too <unk> .	121.11373138427734
” <unk> will absolve you , sire . ” ? ” by the side of the bed , which death had converted into an altar . sad that she did not even notice milady ’ s condescension . . ” thank heaven ! ” replied raoul ; “ but what has become of the poor wretches whom these scoundrels were murdering ? ” remained for some moments still on the defensive ; then , as the noise of the horsemen became more and more distant , they sheathed their swords . the smugglers returned . god that this should happen , blessed be his name . then ? ” demanded d ’ artagnan , lowering the point of his sword , but without yet surrendering it . pentecost	66.95830535888672
to me ? reply . to go alone to beauchamp ? ” <unk> by valleys as green as the emerald . it ? ” ! ” wind blows you hither at this hour ? ” said he ; “ have you come to sup with me ? horse . answered beauchamp . towards him without answering , and monte cristo turned away to conceal the expression of pity which passed over his features , but which was gone in a moment . . could be the significance of this purse , with the paper at one end and the large diamond at the other . ” my friend and i , that there was some error of which we were the victims , and that an explanation was	57.35344696044922
called for between his eminence and ourselves . reason , monsieur , ” continued maximilian , “ of my sister and brother-in-law having only 25,000 francs a year . ” ? ” ” replied the president , “ you are no longer in the assembly , and have only to do with individuals ; do not insult them unless you wish to be held <unk> ” but instead of listening , m. d ’ épinay went on , — “ you are still as brave in your carriage as in your assembly because you are still four against <unk> ” the president stopped the coach . influenced by her <unk> and coquettish disposition , teresa might escape him . smiled , thinking that it was for her porthos	84.17022705078125
had put himself to this trouble ; but she was cruelly and promptly undeceived . m. de boville took the paper danglars presented him , and read : hours after her from portsmouth , ” said lord de winter . ” said madame de morcerf , in a tone of mild <unk> , “ what are you saying ? the avenue of pierrefonds . my dear monsieur mordaunt ? ” about to leave paris ; he was going to his banker . ” him on his entrance was aramis , planted near a great chair on <unk> , very large , covered with a canopy of tapestry , under which there moved , enveloped in a <unk> of <unk> , a little face , <unk> , very merry	68.60316467285156
, somewhat pallid , whilst its eyes never ceased to express a sentiment at once lively , intellectual , and amiable . day was spent in preparations for departure . young man ’ s arm , and led him out of the room . <unk> had got rid of an enemy and made his own situation on the _pharaon_ secure . ” interrupted monte cristo ; “ but lord wilmore did not <unk> to inform me , my dear m. andrea , that the season of your youth was rather a stormy one . ” sure , ” replied château-renaud ; “ the lovely venetian , is it not ? ” you <unk> heart , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that you are wrong to be	60.59583282470703
so hard upon us tender hearts . ” brought a boiled <unk> piece of magnificence which caused the eyes of the <unk> to dilate in such a manner that they seemed ready to burst . auteuil do you reside ? ” up with them , though with every wish to do so . milady , “ then i collected all my strength ; i recalled to my mind that the moment of vengeance , or rather , of justice , had struck . with all my soul . ” ” being killed , ” said porthos , “ at least i should like to know what for . ” had failed her in attempting to escape , and that she had fainted in one of the paths ,	73.84121704101562
was the one that most impressed itself upon his mind . , civil war which you propose to me , dear aramis . ” cried the host , at his wits ’ end . him by athos , he headed the small procession , bearing the torch in one hand and the musket in the other , until it reached de winter ’ s inn , when <unk> on the <unk> with his fist , he bowed to my lord and faced about without a word . it was a complete suit , for he counted from the ace to the ten . so , gentlemen ? last , he had not sufficient strength to rise and cast his supper out of the loophole . was that d	96.90858459472656
’ artagnan , without asking information of any kind , alighted , commended the horses to the care of his lackey , entered a small room destined to receive those who wished to be alone , and desired the host to bring him a bottle of his best wine and as good a breakfast as <unk> desire which further corroborated the high opinion the innkeeper had formed of the traveler at first sight . . said , “ you have been too good in pardoning me ; i was wrong , a hundred times wrong . cried ; “ i have found a horse ! ” leave , but maximilian would have died rather than <unk> his hold of the handle of the door , which he closed	79.73197174072266
upon the count . i shall accept an invitation from porthos ; i shall go and shoot on his estate . minute , threw a rapid glance around him , and then his hand fell instantly into his pocket , where it began playing with a pistol . had poisoned her second husband ; she had tried to assassinate her brother-in-law ; she had just poisoned a young woman who was her rival , and before leaving england she had , it was believed , caused the favorite of the king to be murdered . ” ’ s temperament could not long indulge in that melancholy which can exist in common minds , but which <unk> superior ones . master broussel ! ” he cried ; “ the	104.23583984375
guards are in the carriage and the officer is upstairs ! ” m. d ’ avrigny , with a slow and solemn tone , “ if anyone falls ill in your house , if you feel yourself attacked , do not send for me , for i will come no more . these cries , all these complaints , these curses , produce nothing but storms and flashes and that is all ; but the lightning will not strike until there is a hand to guide it . ” monte cristo . ? ” ? ” said albert , evidently surprised at such a question from his companion ; “ i think he is a delightful fellow , who does the honors of his table admirably ; who	71.70497131347656
has travelled much , read much , is , like brutus , of the <unk> school , and moreover , ” added he , sending a volume of smoke up towards the ceiling , “ that he has excellent cigars . ” his feet . the panel of the door . ; but as such cries , on account of their <unk> , brought nobody in the rue des fossoyeurs , and as lately the mercer ’ s house had a bad name , finding that nobody came , he went out continuing to call , his voice being heard fainter and fainter as he went in the direction of the rue du bac . a young man . ” to take a little rosewood casket , with	81.15685272216797
her cipher upon it , and went out again immediately . ” paris ; at seven o ’ clock he and raoul directed their steps to the rue des <unk> ; it was stopped by porters , horses and footmen . great franz ’ s desire was to allude to their former interview , the fear of being disagreeable to the man who had loaded him and his friend with kindness prevented him from mentioning it . ” returned m. morrel , “ we shall see . to reveal to him . ” ” asked blaisois . that i reflect about it , i am glad to leave paris at this moment . ” the same place where the duke had left him . arm tremble as he	63.50640106201172
assisted her into the carriage . <unk> ” then , rising and extending his hand with an air of solemnity over the old man ’ s head , he slowly added , “ by the blood of christ i swear never to leave you while you live . ” . ” the arms of the people . men represented the body of the army , whilst olivain , with his rifle upon his knee and his eyes upon the watch , protected the rear . ” said villefort , “ you forget that i was obliged to give a mother to my child . ” ; but if i can serve you in any way i shall be delighted . ” more money and that they will be	40.96697235107422
welcome . ” to give you such reasons ? cheap <unk> is in italy ; i should think a fowl is worth about twelve sous at <unk> , ” he said , throwing a louis down . mordaunt , “ your honor gives me my liberty for to-night ? ” queen ’ s dupe , but he was not a man to run away on <unk> all , when distinctly told that he should see his friends again . the cardinal richelieu , in his camp before la <unk> . , i presume , ” said monte cristo “ that you came to me as the bearer of a letter from the abbé busoni ? ” o ’ clock in the morning . after the disappearance of the	48.87565231323242
officer , when the door opened , and a new personage entered . then ? ” said the priest , with a show of interest , glancing round as he spoke at the scanty furnishings of the apartment . to him . he said . morrow , by eleven o ’ clock , the two diamond studs were finished , and they were so completely imitated , so perfectly alike , that buckingham could not tell the new ones from the old ones , and <unk> in such matters would have been deceived as he was . to the gascon ; but as before she expected him in vain . . one thing to do , which is , to send our names to her majesty the queen	54.05076599121094
of england , and if she engages to answer for us i presume we shall be allowed to enter . ” massive door , which after the introduction into the lock of a key which the young man carried with him , turned heavily upon its hinges , and disclosed the chamber destined for milady . , i presume ? ” whom she took for lubin , and holding out a little billet to him said , “ for your master . ” good idea , for it isn ’ t warm . ” leaving the cabaret they took different directions , my brother went and hid himself on the road of the catholic , and i on that of the huguenot . against a strong dose ;	86.29793548583984
the poison will be changed , and the quantity <unk> ” he took the glass and raised it to his lips . , but she has only been shaken by it ; and this time , at any rate , valentine will not die . ” enough , ” continued albert , biting his lips convulsively , for he saw that beauchamp ’ s anger was beginning to rise , — “ you have been my friend , and therefore sufficiently intimate with me to be aware that i am likely to maintain my resolution on this point . ” of the highest interest , and upon which our future fortune perhaps depends . ” conspirators . ” , had a valet whom he had trained in his	63.906044006347656
service in a thoroughly peculiar fashion , and who was named grimaud . him not until he is dead ; the lives of five men are not safe , in my opinion , as long as he is on the earth . ” step to find her you are lost . ’ monte cristo ; “ so this gentleman is an academician ? ” for him , —he will suffer less , ” said the inspector . dear aramis , ” quietly replied athos , “ i think it would only change monsieur de retz ’ s appearance . said andrea , “ i have been dining at <unk> , and expected to catch the coach which passes by at midnight , but like a fool i have	68.03917694091797
lost my way , and have been walking for the last four hours in the forest . madame de villefort , “ there is not much doubt on that subject . madame ? ” said the count to the veiled woman . the door , and doing his utmost to restrain his anger he went at once to find beauchamp , who was in his office . work first because , since these men had been in the service of himself and his friends he had discovered in each of them different and essential qualities . on which the count of morcerf had left danglars ’ house with feelings of shame and anger at the <unk> of the projected alliance , m. andrea cavalcanti , with curled hair	66.91834259033203
, moustaches in perfect order , and white gloves which fitted admirably , had entered the courtyard of the banker ’ s house in rue de la chaussée d ’ antin . him . the young men in chorus . baths , and appeared to have come from the direction of the porte saint-martin , and to be going towards the madeleine . yield to gloomy apprehensions , ” said the young man ; “ i assure you we are , or rather we shall be , very happy . read it over three times , and the words sank deeply into my memory . ” i understand spanish , or i am a lost man and you are also . ” planchet , but he had seen	63.50049591064453
nothing of d ’ artagnan ; they wished to take planchet with them , but he could not leave his troop , who at five o ’ clock returned home , saying that they were returning from the battle , whereas they had never lost sight of the bronze equestrian statue of louis xiii . apology . well received . <unk> and <unk> . rattling of a bunch of skeleton keys , such as the locksmith brings when called to force a lock , and which thieves call <unk> , doubtless from the music of their nightly song when they grind against the bolt . ear . amidst the smoke the threatening face of louvieres appearing at the window of the second floor . had been bestowed on	121.3611068725586
madeleine radelle from the fact that she had been born in a village , so called , situated between salon and <unk> ; and as a custom existed among the inhabitants of that part of france where caderousse lived of styling every person by some particular and <unk> appellation , her husband had bestowed on her the name of la carconte in place of her sweet and <unk> name of madeleine , which , in all probability , his rude <unk> language would not have enabled him to pronounce . satin pantaloon over his black trousers and varnished boots . the queen , trembling and very cold , drew from his bosom , inclosed in the same case , the order set in diamonds which the queen had	173.8819580078125
given to lord de winter and the wedding ring which charles i. before his death had placed in the hands of aramis . one in his passion ? ” rising ground , a little in advance of the enemy , appeared a short and heavy looking man ; this man was surrounded by officers . , or were , beautiful . volume chapters ten years later <unk> 1660–1661 3 <unk> by this frightful revelation , dazzled by the superhuman beauty of this woman who <unk> herself before him with an immodesty which appeared to him sublime , he ended by falling on his knees before her as the early christians did before those pure and holy martyrs whom the persecution of the <unk> gave up in the circus	174.3073272705078
to the sanguinary <unk> of the populace . the land . please to be seated , ” said the man , “ i will let the count know that you are here . ” said . monte cristo breathed a profound sigh , and said : that he was nearly unconscious . a few words , but was not heard . finish the work ! ” cried porthos . cried he to the coachman . for porthos and aramis , and on their arrival made them acquainted with the situation . he muttered . evening , and had only returned an hour since . you , gentlemen , can i not ? ” obedience , he jumped down from the terrace , ran toward the lane , and	37.6677360534668
at the end of twenty paces met d ’ artagnan , who , having seen all , was coming to him . knew this man ? ” , master peter . ” , like m. danglars , but i am quite as incredulous as he is . ” that ’ twas that saint <unk> , porthos , who performed this feat ! yes , monsieur ! the left-hand shore of the lys , bearing the guilty woman and the executioner ; all the others remained on the right-hand bank , where they fell on their knees . not fled ? ” behind the jeweller . ” my lord , and we will see . ” you <unk> me <unk> am to dine at my country house , at	59.07553482055664
auteuil , on that day , rue de la fontaine , no . . ” . ” he said , “ i will pardon you if you tell me all . ” by the window , in order to be there the sooner , ” cried d ’ artagnan . morrel . king charles i. ! no longer—i can no longer defend myself—i believe you ; but , for pity ’ s sake , spare my life , my honor ! ” though , ” resumed de bragelonne . athos and aramis entered were obliged to give place to them . the door , and albert was alighting , a man approached and gave him a letter . . leclere ! madame danglars , with an anxiety easy	48.267677307128906
to be understood . circus . porthos , “ i am entirely of d ’ artagnan ’ s opinion ; this is a ‘ <unk> ’ country , this england . ” , has it softened your heart ? ” to the whites of his eyes . and continued : other ’ s arms , embraced tenderly , and returned together to the house . at the wicket . . the gascon began to laugh at him and said : sir , ” said monte cristo , “ you are <unk> foppish . ” . all ? ” at the same time impetuous and curious . the two friends . friend , ” said porthos . cried he , clasping his hands . maximilian ! ” chair ,	35.38186264038086
his eyes fixed on the clock ; there were seven minutes left , that was all . wild days may chance to come again ; i am commissioned to find out my companions and i began by you , who were the very soul of our society . ” of these signals ? ” debray . quite true ; still , i agree with you in thinking that my present ignorance of the first city in europe is a reproach to me in every way , and calls for immediate correction ; but , in all probability , i should have performed so important , so necessary a duty , as that of making myself acquainted with the wonders and beauties of your justly celebrated capital , had	134.99099731445312
i known any person who would have introduced me into the fashionable world , but unfortunately i possessed no acquaintance there , and , of necessity , was compelled to abandon the idea . ” less , decided upon setting out that same evening ; and in spite of the <unk> that had been offered to him , he persisted in having the review , hoping by setting it at defiance to conquer the disease which began to lay hold upon him . his relief with his whip in his hand . trees , through whose branches streamed the moonlight . sword and placed two pistols in his belt ; then both mounted and departed quietly . spare him . ” . ” he is ; as you	130.04962158203125
see , his shutter is closed , and you can see no light shine through the <unk> of the shutters . ” the vote , and it was decided that the investigation should take place . and by seven o ’ clock in the morning he was at armentières . d ’ artagnan , rising , “ i have only one thing more to wish , which is , that the next thing you ask from me , shall <unk> life . ” a man does not arrive at the post i <unk> has not been king ’ s attorney twenty-five years without having amassed a tolerable number of enemies ; mine are numerous . on seeing you in company with these <unk> was afraid you were dangerously	73.3027114868164
ill . ” re-echoed athos ; “ everything is arranged and decided . ” , ” said mazarin . , as i left without having been able to hear anything of him . fever , which for an instant abandoned her , returned to give <unk> to her eyes , color to her cheeks , and <unk> to her lips . athos , “ she is alone within half a league of us , in the direction of the river . ” your excellency , ” said bertuccio , “ that the horses you speak of were not to be sold when i purchased yours . ” amazed and stupefied to find that these foreigners , without other motive than that which their conscience imposed on them ,	68.57543182373047
thus combated the will of a people and the destiny of a king . d ’ artagnan spoken of as a very brave young man , ” said the citizen ; “ and this reputation which he justly enjoys had decided me to confide a secret to him . ” conduct of a pupil of jesuits . ” surgeon ; and behind the surgeon the door closed . , and carrying away four swords out of five , they took their road , intoxicated with joy , toward the hôtel of m. de tréville . aside the tapestry , sinbad preceded his guest . not fight with me , i will kill his son-in-law ; cavalcanti will certainly fight . ” caderousse , “ no . he ,	94.81983184814453
“ mad , desperate , determined to get rid of an existence from which she had stolen everything , honor and happiness , my poor brother returned to lille , and learning the sentence which had condemned me in his place , surrendered himself , and hanged himself that same night from the iron bar of the loophole of his prison . to all he said ; some of his remarks corresponded with what he already knew , or applied to the sort of knowledge his <unk> life had enabled him to acquire . the period of these two <unk> , had , as may well be supposed , the eye on the watch , the nose to the wind , and the ear on the hark .	129.8849639892578
; perhaps , on perceiving it was still alive , he had thrown it into the river . ” grimaud . ” replied the magistrate . yourself , ” said the count ; “ you have written it . ” do you hear , henrietta ? albert ’ s hope , the day passed <unk> by any incident , excepting two or three encounters with the carriage full of roman peasants . ” ” said the executioner ; “ and now in her turn , let this woman see that i am not fulfilling my trade , but my debt . ” to this <unk> would <unk> me . himself to the french style of living , and might prefer something else . ” worth while ? ”	51.28394317626953
said villefort . , sir ? ” a woman will often , from mere wilfulness , prefer that which is dangerous to that which is safe . drive out the bullet , and from the adjoining room no one would have suspected that the count was , as <unk> would say , keeping his hand in . ” said albert , “ i will endeavor to return your politeness at rome , and place my <unk> at your disposal until your own be ready . ” cushion produced a great <unk> she was very <unk> the lady with the black hood , who saw in her a rival really to be dreaded ; a great effect upon porthos , who thought her much <unk> than the lady with	92.00035095214844
the black hood ; a great effect upon d ’ artagnan , who recognized in her the lady of meung , of calais , and of dover , whom his persecutor , the man with the scar , had saluted by the name of milady . be easy <unk> would give her a lesson . ” more , doctor ! not strike me as painfully at the time as they have since done ; in fact , all that had happened ( with the exception of the story of the diamond , which certainly did wear an air of <unk> ) , appeared natural enough , and called for neither apprehension nor mistrust ; but , worn out as i was with fatigue , and fully <unk> to	114.65166473388672
proceed onwards directly the tempest abated , i determined to obtain a few hours ’ sleep . rome ? ” may ; and this very day we will write the letters , ” said aramis . and the stranger drew his sword . horses , fresh , strong , and fully equipped . ’ artagnan returned to his companions . exclaimed he . at the first sound of war . ” i am here ; i wish to see valentine . ” will not put his maxim into execution , now that he has got hold of the king ? ” am falling , or rather , bayard is falling , ” answered porthos . , my poor child ! ” cried the baroness , falling on her	60.45231246948242
chair , and <unk> her sobs in her handkerchief . for the loss of thy place . ” , at the first signal . ” <unk> ’ artagnan smiled as he spoke— “ since we are together again , let us agree on one point : what age shall we be in future ? ” so ? ” if you were on the stage ; your interests are concerned in your so doing . ” dinner he entered in person . something , or fall into a hole . ” say to these gentlemen , ” added he , “ that i forbid my musketeers to expose their lives needlessly ; for brave men are very dear to the king , and the king knows that his musketeers	79.63531494140625
are the bravest on the earth . ” said the duke , starting in spite of himself . ring ? ” said d ’ artagnan . and it was an excellent idea of yours to open the doors and the <unk> ” as he ceased speaking , the count felt the hand of mercédès tremble . said , “ get up and don ’ t make the least noise . ” incredulity , edmond , ” continued faria . , ” continued the cardinal , perceiving d ’ artagnan ’ s composure , “ that , as i have told you , the welfare of the state is placed in your hands . ” i loved him ? ” asked milady , sharply . returned from hunting .	34.034629821777344
. ” stroke of the hammer fell upon his heart . the <unk> would have been belief in all the good things he said of himself . the negative . , that night you loved me , i will swear it . ” resolutions of the cardinal ; and till the king and he could take the command of the siege of la rochelle , which was determined , he had sent monsieur to direct the first operations , and had ordered all the troops he could dispose of to march toward the <unk> of war . to separate from the mass , advanced , grew in size , and as they loomed up larger and larger , assumed the appearance of two horsemen . artagnan that there	90.88494873046875
was a veil which concealed something ; but he could not yet see under this veil . what a fearful extremity ! ” ” said blaisois . shot at this moment would be paid for dearly to-morrow . ” him leave to go twice a week , and he was now availing himself of that permission . very devil , this béarnais ! o ’ clock for the departure , and as athos was watching raoul mount , a groom rode up from the duchess de chevreuse . reached by porthos was about to bring back hilarity to faces now more or less clouded , hasty footsteps were heard upon the stair and some one knocked at the door . breakfast , then ? ” said the count	109.0338134765625
. the count de guiche , the prince , having in mind the direction whence came the sound of cannon , had understood everything . done ? ” said andrea , disappointed . something easier to grant . ” leaving at daybreak , for i was ashamed . ” am at your service . ” new valet brought him the papers , and with them a cup of chocolate . joyful glance ; half of the work was done . at five o ’ clock in the afternoon , thanks to you , she escaped . ” therefore , he permitted his former host to retire without attempting a recognition , but fully promising himself a rich indemnity for his present forbearance should chance afford him another opportunity	120.10991668701172
. carconte . ! sent for the notary ; the first will was torn up and a second made , in which he left the whole of his fortune to valentine , on condition that she should never be separated from him . we are going . know about such things . ” into a train of thought , the character of which was better revealed by a sad smile , than it would have been by tears . ; but it appears that in prison he made the acquaintance of a rich englishman , and as in prison he fell sick , and dantès took the same care of him as if he had been his brother , the englishman , when he was set free ,	71.07215881347656
gave this stone to dantès , who , less fortunate , died , and , in his turn , left it to us , and charged the excellent abbé , who was here this morning , to deliver it . ’ nostrils dilated as if eager for the smell of powder , and he panted like a horse . came to himself . for m. de villefort felt no effects . arrived last night in a post-chaise with his sister , and who asked for an apartment with two beds . ” had been so long forgotten , returned ; he recollected the prayers his mother had taught him , and discovered a new meaning in every word ; for in prosperity prayers seem but a mere <unk>	114.57367706298828
of words , until misfortune comes and the unhappy sufferer first understands the meaning of the sublime language in which he invokes the pity of heaven ! whom his mother and sister called to their aid to sustain them under the serious trial which they felt they would soon have to endure . excellency , ” said vampa . striking than the room he had just left ; it was entirely of marble , with antique <unk> of priceless value ; and at the four corners of this apartment , which was oblong , were four magnificent statues , having baskets in their hands . be wise to set off , ” said d ’ artagnan . musket hovered over his head , and he could scarcely restrain	119.2337646484375
himself from closing his eyes , when with one bound guiche reached the spaniard and placed a pistol at his throat . . with hope , then with anger , and then again with shame , for from beauchamp ’ s confidence he knew his father was guilty , and he asked himself how , since he was guilty , he could prove his innocence . no remedies for negligence , strict liability , breach of warranty or breach of contract except those provided in paragraph 1.f.3 . danglars , “ pen , ink , and paper . ” an <unk> price , which the count had doubtless wished to conceal from his guests , was on the second floor of the great palace , situated between the	104.8784408569336
via del babuino and the monte pincio . for paris . told him all ; he knew me , that man did , and did not doubt an instant . a bragelonne ? ” asked lord de winter . during the transit , but , arrived at its destination , it crouched behind the cushions , and stupefied at such unusual treatment remained silent and motionless . pursue him ? ” cried mazarin . marseilles for sons to keep their fathers waiting in their <unk> ? ” my brains out , and all will be over . ” proceeding known to myself , and by which i likewise overheard the more animated conversation which he had with the cardinal ’ s police . ” the carriage . .	102.78622436523438
in languedoc is styled a garden , consisting of a small plot of ground , on the side opposite to the main entrance reserved for the reception of guests . it , aramis ? ” to recover what i had lost . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ if men are punished for imprudence and <unk> , this poor king deserves punishment . ’ ” said athos , with the charming melancholy that was one of the traits of his character , “ so brave , so good , so terrible to the enemies of those he loves . if they can separate the king from his mother . ” , that i had lived long enough . ” . ” , ” said the count ;	69.51949310302734
“ but look , is not your correspondent putting itself in motion ? ” , which he hailed ; he gave his address to the driver , and springing in , threw himself on the seat , and gave loose to dreams of ambition . ” said aramis , “ with whom mazarin sought an alliance , was invited by him to send him a list of the conditions on which he would do him the honor to negotiate with him . should be more than <unk> to the count . said morcerf , laughing . carry me off , or leave me paralyzed for life . ” number of other ways including checks , online payments and credit card donations . half a league from the barriers	120.14119720458984
, —it is at auteuil . ” of september ; the wind blew violently . horses , that they might take a little rest without being unsaddled , and grimaud was posted as sentinel . , ” said bragelonne , “ he has worn the <unk> . numerous . ” , gazed silently at her . sir , of those desperate looking men who were drinking in the inn where we rested . ” sails as rapidly <unk> ” had in fact just raised the standard of the prince . nothing ? ” asked the abbé . obliged to swallow a draught of water to calm the emotions that threatened to <unk> him . husband ’ s substituted the other ; but the husband has been punished since	102.13218688964844
, and i have obtained full satisfaction . ” although i am sure that general oliver cromwell can intend them no harm , it would have a bad appearance . ” hoped . ” . little ! valentine ; “ mademoiselle ! , or some place in the government ? ” ” replied aramis , “ i have in my pocket the very programme of the conditions which the <unk> which i formed <unk> yesterday to saint germain to impose on you . a large tomb and awaited the arrival of morrel , who by degrees approached the tomb now abandoned by spectators and workmen . for my passage back to leghorn . , ” suggested comminges , who was near a window , out of which he	87.82423400878906
could see ; “ hold , the moment is a happy one , for there he is now , giving his blessing in the square of the palais royal . ” want it to show the abbé busoni . ” his age , alexander , cæsar , and napoleon , who have all made some noise in the world , were quite behind him . ” , ” he cried , “ but the people have dashed the sentinels against the gates and they are now forcing the doors ; what are your commands ? ” call you my child . ” true , ” said blaisois ; “ at least , i can ’ t now recall it . ” a <unk> , with his head leaning	54.46204376220703
on an open prayer book . very <unk> ; but never mind , i will put up with it for the sake of remaining with you . ” ” asked d ’ artagnan , “ can you tell me what has become of one of my friends , whom we were obliged to leave here about a dozen days ago ? ” the matter ? ” asked the young lieutenant . those brave french gentlemen who had appeared to him from a distance of a hundred leagues fabulous and <unk> , like the forms that appear in dreams . ” murmured the old man , clasping edmond ’ s hand <unk> “ adieu ! ” said monte cristo ; “ you wish to tell me you have hunted	47.42083740234375
the lion ? ” minister of war . had descended from the sky and mingled in a wild dance on the face of the earth ; the whole accompanied by cries that were never heard in any other part of the world . grammont is right ; this will change the aspect of french affairs , but i much fear it will do nothing for english , even if it does not harm them . until he had not only seen andrea go down the three stories , but also cross the court . see you pass through the barrier with a groom , a tilbury , and fine new clothes . the rue montmartre , in order to reach the rue tiquetonne and the hotel de la	91.03167724609375
chevrette , where he had appointed porthos to meet him , he saw at one of the windows of the hotel , that friend himself dressed in a sky-blue waistcoat , embroidered with silver , and gaping , till he showed every one of his white teeth ; whilst the people passing by <unk> gazed at this gentleman , so handsome and so rich , who seemed to weary of his riches and his greatness . , felton saw it , and started as if its light had revealed the <unk> of this woman ’ s heart . t you intend to bring me another plate ? ” said dantès . of the battle which on the following day was to save france the second time from <unk>	80.0254898071289
was <unk> in his mind . not by the expectation of a man to be hanged , but by the contemplation of a man who was hanged . . ” him , avoiding all gestures in order that he might conceal from the governor the paralysis that had already half stricken him with death . the minister of police , “ i came a moment ago to give your majesty fresh information which i had obtained on this head , when your majesty ’ s attention was attracted by the terrible event that has occurred in the gulf , and now these facts will cease to interest your majesty . ” as a separate passage led to the first floor , in which d ’ artagnan lodged ,	73.03083038330078
those who called on him were exempted from this <unk> . morrel , not being able to conceive such intense happiness ; “ by whom ? ” jesuit convent . ” same way ; we will stop at la réserve , and we can drink a glass of la <unk> , whilst we wait for news . ” pens and ink ? ” gold swords were stopped and made to cry , “ long live broussel ! ” “ down with mazarin ! ” and whoever refused to comply with this ceremony was <unk> at , spat upon and even beaten . ” cried the sentinel , who was less abstracted , and who saw by the <unk> a shadow approaching his chief . felton , “ that	128.3010711669922
is a _fleur-de-lis_ which i see there . ” women , it seems to me , ” replied porthos ; “ for i , madame , i may say i was your victim , when wounded , dying , i was abandoned by the <unk> . father—— ” , athos procures his equipment ! ” replied athos , smiling . hands of the concierge , who takes care of the house , but here is the order i have given him to <unk> the count in his new possessions . ” of the trees , upon whose leaves the light still shone ; and as one of them drooped over the road , he thought that from its branches he might get a glimpse of the interior of	54.02989196777344
the pavilion . to forget you ? ” ” said franz , “ you are as wise as nestor and prudent as ulysses , and your fair circe must be very skilful or very powerful if she succeed in changing you into a beast of any kind . ” by instinct . ” , body and soul , to the demon , the devil , for money ! ” is the termination to the main road to vendomois , and nothing else . ” , madame , ” said the count , with that kind tone he could assume so well , “ you are really very severe with that dear clever child . ” . for the sake of making me talk that you invent this story	95.6126937866211
and create this personage . ” i am not hungry . ” firing began on the other side , and the balls penetrated the boards all round us . vessel was a vain refuge , that trembled and shook before the tempest . interrupted the jesuit , on seeing that his <unk> was going astray , “ now your thesis would please the ladies ; it would have the success of one of monsieur <unk> ’ s <unk> . ” ? ” said porthos . one will open the doors . ” only reply you make ? ; i wish to speak to him . ” of <unk> in grecian mythology . you when you put into the port of elba ? ” do that , excellency ;	81.64347076416016
i have always served you faithfully , ” cried bertuccio , in despair . d ’ artagnan , “ shall we not pursue that woman ? ” ” said aramis , blushing . asking the man the right way , continued his route , agitated in spite of himself at the idea of seeing once more that singular man whom he had so truly loved and who had contributed so much by advice and example to his education as a gentleman . , aramis ? ” full in front . his eyes , with involuntary terror . library of the chateau of bracieux there are a lot of books of travels . ” is he gone ? ” inquired d ’ artagnan . believed i had accomplished the	76.43560791015625
end and aim of my undertaking , for which i had so exactly <unk> my strength as to make it just hold out to the termination of my enterprise ; and now , at the moment when i reckoned upon success , my hopes are forever dashed from me . sharply . bill and <unk> my servant . ” and was playing a game at _lansquenet_ with mousqueton , to keep his hand in ; while a spit loaded with partridges was turning before the fire , and on each side of a large <unk> , over two <unk> dishes , were boiling two stewpans , from which exhaled a double odor of rabbit and fish <unk> , rejoicing to the smell . me to mourn for you	190.20068359375
eternally in the secret recesses of my heart ? —only to make a woman of thirty-nine look like a woman of fifty . the gascon “ here ’ s a young blade who has already his love affair , who doesn ’ t at all agree with athos in his hatred to the fair sex . morrel , my uncle , who was afterwards a captain . true . aramis , in his most <unk> tone , “ i had made up my mind . madame bonacieux , ” said the <unk> . said , stretching out his hand to d ’ artagnan , “ come , don ’ t be sullen , my dear son , for i have said all this to you , if not	69.1670150756836
in the tone , at least with the feelings of a father . i , who am master of the universe , as was <unk> . ” formed by the duc de beaufort and grimaud , the comte de la fere and the vicomte de bragelonne were entering paris by the rue du faubourg saint <unk> . ox beneath the <unk> . by the cries she made . t stir , turn your back to the road and wait for me . ” called lord wilmore , who takes the name of sinbad the sailor . ” it with that tone , do you , master gascon ? ” is all . ” had left the castle an hour before on horseback . pass hours either in her	51.232872009277344
oratory or in her room , without either reading or praying . sit down , monsieur , and i will fetch you some refreshment . ’ , come in , monsieur d ’ artagnan ! ” cried the cardinal , “ and welcome your friend too . close to me , ” said milady . drinkers . ” said he : “ i <unk> burn ! ” monte cristo gave him a glass of water . aramis , “ we have promised . ” set free the cardinal would be dead ; and indeed , so convinced is he of this , that he entreated me , should i find your majesty disposed to act in this way , to do all i could to induce you to	59.84450912475586
change your resolution . ” please , viscount . ” returned ? ” said the duke . had secured the key , shut himself up in the closet without reply . that you remain so long <unk> . as it appears . pocket of the officer all the keys it contained and first opened the door of the room in which they were , then shut it and double-locked it , and both he and the duke proceeded rapidly down the gallery which led to the little inclosure . man arrived from one direction and the monk from the other , the latter dismounting from his mule and desiring that it should be taken to the stables without being unharnessed . ” said rochefort , “ there ’	66.51365661621094
s no great difference , i think , between a dead man and one who has been buried alive ; now i have been buried alive , or very nearly so . ” the anteroom or dressing-room , ” said the viscount ; “ they make the countess ill . ” , who are visiting the colosseum by torchlight . ” beaufort has become an enemy of the state . ” providence for making me so wicked , and <unk> me to such a fate , my adopted father said to me , ‘ do not blaspheme , unhappy child , the crime is that of your father , not yours , —of your father , who consigned you to hell if you died , and to misery	109.06724548339844
if a miracle preserved you <unk> ’ after that i ceased to blaspheme , but i cursed my father . in returning , nor did grimaud ’ s searching glance discover anything of a suspicious appearance , save a dark shadow , as it were , in ambuscade , at the corner of the rue guenegaud and of the quai . . is utterly unknown to me , and up to the present time i have followed the eastern customs , which are entirely in contrast to the parisian . monte cristo . ” ; the duchess held him back . ” replied monte cristo ; “ but you see i make no resistance . ” to be of any service to her . lord ; it shall	83.61431121826172
be so . ” gentlemen ? ” father desired the marriage . ” of our landlord . ” his horse , threw the bridle to planchet , and departed at a quick pace , folding his cloak around him . ; being the last comer , it was for me to make the first advances . his head , you being on the trap , dead or alive , they will need at least ten minutes to find the hole by which he has escaped . , it was imprudence , and this imprudence was in obedience to the orders of your captain . it occurs a fourth time i shall complain of it , so never mind . ” his , ” said d ’ artagnan ;	65.51237487792969
“ but , as good luck would have it , just as i thought i should have two affairs to manage , our friend was brought home with a broken leg . a few of those nice little rabbits , and some of those delicious partridges , of which you used to make <unk> at the <unk> ? you to do so . ” you lay your hand on a certain man named mordaunt , tell porthos to take him into a corner and to wring his neck . that , madame , ” said felton . vengeance , athos had requested to be conducted to the garden ; and there upon the sand following the light steps of this woman , who left sharp tracks wherever she	111.6056900024414
went , he advanced toward the gate which led into the wood , and causing it to be opened , he went out into the forest . men , disguised as a penitent friar , and i will give it to him . my mother , ” cried the viscount . very <unk> , it is very good ! ” said louise , looking at her with admiration ; “ but that beautiful black hair , those magnificent <unk> , which made all the ladies sigh with envy , —will they go under a man ’ s hat like the one i see down there ? ” by the arms and <unk> , forced him to rise , and dragged him towards the steps that lead to the	62.26278305053711
gate of the fortress , while the police officer carrying a musket with fixed <unk> followed behind . resolved to suffer no longer , but to have everything he wanted . as franz had no reason to suppose it was meant for him , he suffered albert to retain it . and it was not till after much pushing and some fighting that our friends reached their destination . ” said the procureur with his imperturbable calmness of manner , “ i consider those alone misfortunes which are <unk> . ” life as a smuggler , ’ said he to me one day , ‘ will be the ruin of you ; if you get out , don ’ t take it up again . ’ i have	108.5432357788086
forgotten , or rather , never knew well , ‘ the thunderbolt never falls on the valleys , ’ and i am a valley , dear rochefort , —one of the <unk> of the low . ” the left of the road , which the dismal procession pursued , appeared a few low , <unk> trees , which looked like <unk> <unk> crouching down to watch men traveling at this sinister hour . ’ t like it . noirtier to receive news of valentine , and , extraordinary as it seemed , each day found him less uneasy . each other ; they began to comprehend . , you are in the hands of god ! ” and honor by struggling with adversity , which he will convert	122.11708068847656
into prosperity . ” replied franz , “ as i shall raise none , you may make arrangements when you please ; i have pledged my word , and shall feel pleasure and happiness in <unk> to it . ” ” said valentine , as she passed the end of her slender fingers through a small opening in the planks , and permitted maximilian to press his lips to them , “ and you are a true and faithful friend ; but still you acted from motives of <unk> , my dear maximilian , for you well knew that from the moment in which you had manifested an opposite spirit all would have been ended between us . of vasiliki and haydée . , _au revoir_ . ”	92.22074890136719
instead of pitying me , you would do much better to assist me in avenging myself on your mistress . ” as he was singing a love <unk> and looking tenderly at a lady , and interrupted him exactly in the middle of the second couplet . i , ‘ does it still displease you that i should frequent a certain house of la rue payenne ? opinion that the abbess was rather royalist than cardinalist . i ’ m going to sleep , and i advise him , as a friend , to do the same . ” , d ’ artagnan was wrapped in a sort of gray cloak ; the swiss was six feet high , d ’ artagnan was hardly more than five ;	94.47259521484375
the swiss considered himself on his own ground and regarded d ’ artagnan as an intruder . i want something to eat ! own affairs , gentlemen , and let france settle matters as she will with me , ” resumed mazarin . long night ’ s rest , and at five o ’ clock to-morrow morning we can be again on the road . ” ” , a custom familiar to him . at all , let it be on her voice , at least , ” said monte cristo . say you have not heard of this ? , you rogue ? ” . ” last night , when fortunately you did not accompany him , as his carriage was crossing the rue de la ferronnerie	64.76336669921875
his guards insulted the people , who began to abuse them . , morrel sprang out on the pavement , bertuccio was waiting on the steps . will make when you are asked , ‘ how do they execute at rome ? ’ and you reply , ‘ i do not know ! ’ and , besides , they say that the culprit is an infamous scoundrel , who killed with a log of wood a worthy canon who had brought him up like his own son . , bernajoux . the youth in an attitude full of tender melancholy ; he looked long on this young man , whose smiling mouth and half closed eyes <unk> soft dreams and <unk> slumber , as if his guardian angel	141.8105010986328
watched over him with solicitude and affection . you must allow that this is most extraordinary , ” said the astonished notary , turning to m. de villefort . replied eugénie . ” said she . embraced on the <unk> , in the presence and amid the applause of the whole city witnessing this event , a man , with his face <unk> by a black beard , and who , concealed behind the <unk> , watched the scene with delight , uttered these words in a low tone : nothing , madame ; i wait till i am confided in , and apart from that which lord de winter has said to me before you , he has confided nothing to me . ” continued the man	61.86760330200195
in the cloak ; “ you were a fool not to have pretended to accept the mission . to be quite sure that i have never thought of your fortune ; besides , they say i am already rich in right of my <unk> rich , even . for that would only betoken for us seven years of plenty and seven years of scarcity ; and with a king as full of foresight as your majesty , scarcity is not a thing to be feared . ” secret just discovered . ” louvre on the day when he scattered his pearls ; and , _pardieu_ , i picked up two that i sold for ten pistoles each . day with the wife of the worthy gentleman who is	88.4441146850586
receiving us . ” you are ! —you will not interfere in anything . ” words . make a nice little sum , ” replied morcerf . pleasure rather than with confusion ; and yet , bowing his head , as if humiliated , he said : ; degradation took away two-thirds of her greatness . , i entreat you ; you are exactly in the spot ! ” monsieur de chavigny , “ it seems to me that pistache is only doing what other dogs have done when they jumped for mademoiselle de pons . ” fernand who served as guide and spy to the french army in spain ? twenty-six or <unk> years of age ; that is to say , she was in the full	107.7904052734375
splendor of her beauty . lemaire are a league from the château d ’ if ; dantès , nevertheless , determined to make for them . in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance . refused even to let them pass , and called his sergeant . go , sir , ” said de guiche , “ remember that we have two steeds able to catch your mule and the power of having you seized wherever you may be ; and then i swear your trial will be <unk> ; one can always find a tree and a cord . ” companion that i know , d ’ artagnan , ” he said , offering his hand to the gascon ; “ and i am	70.70449829101562
very happy in having found you again , my dear son . ” myself , m. morrel , for after this first visit has been paid i have another which i am most anxious to pay . ” , quick as lightning , firm as a pair of <unk> ’ s pincers , the soldier ’ s throat . ’ s determination ? ” grimaud , “ i ’ ve only one thing more to <unk> your highness will continue to detest me . ” of men ! ” added d ’ artagnan . may change you . call an elegant mode of attack , ” said albert , “ you were quite correct in what you said , signor pastrini . demanded morrel . use of your	68.54715728759766
skiff ? ” , ” athos gently replied , “ but de winter sought us out in france and introduced us , monsieur d ’ herblay and myself , to madame henrietta . i have never succeeded by that means . , and if you fail to come , i shall think—for how do i know to the contrary ? —that this house , which has remained uninhabited for twenty years , must have some gloomy tradition or dreadful legend connected with it . ” on this occasion , if only to be faithful to our oath , ” said aramis . <unk> ” ” said monte cristo ; “ do not let me lose both my companions . positively certain in this report , the young warriors	111.2085952758789
decided to continue their way toward bethune , free on the road to diverge to the right and march to <unk> if necessary . who this miserable fellow was ? ” , while your young man was insensible , you did not fail , i am quite sure , to ascertain what that pocket contained . glance at his strong box ; he even turned inside the <unk> of the magnificent diamond ring , the brilliancy of which drew every eye upon his hand , which indeed was white and handsome . placed a small silver cup with a silver cover . aramis , “ do you see , count ? ” your excellency , he is not the devil , ” replied the host , with a	83.1670913696289
grin of contempt ; “ for during his fainting we <unk> his valise and found nothing but a clean shirt and eleven <unk> however , did not prevent his saying , as he was fainting , that if such a thing had happened in paris , you should have cause to repent of it at a later period . ” both forewarned . ” ” said the curate , “ that i have recommended you to this gentleman , who is a powerful lord , and that i have made myself responsible for you . ” his arm , and commanded silence . . ” murmured coquenard , and he tried to smile . orders , my lord . ” it carries me away . ” we will	62.15045166015625
live and die together ! ” cried he , pressing his lips to those of the prisoner . quarter will be agreeable to you , since for the moment you have no master but god ? ” , which , at the same time , tells my right-hand correspondent that i am ready , while it gives notice to my left-hand correspondent to prepare in his turn . ” said the swiss , “ if she is as great a lady as her writing is large , you are a lucky fellow , <unk> ! ” resolved for certain reasons not at once to come to a full rupture with the prisoner ; he wanted to inspire , not a sudden repugnance , but a good , sound	85.40489959716797
, steady hatred ; he retired , therefore , and gave place to four guards , who , having breakfasted , could attend on the prisoner . it . ” least , fearful of it . , then ? ” in <unk> . ” continued maximilian , “ i will seek m. franz d ’ <unk> am happy to be able to mention this in mademoiselle de villefort ’ s <unk> will conduct myself toward him so as to compel him to challenge me. ” noirtier ’ s look continued to interrogate . it was apparent enough . the frenchman took off his mask ; teresa , with the chief ’ s consent , did the same . had recovered his self-command , and with a glance indicated	74.68720245361328
the closet where once before under somewhat similar circumstances , he had taken refuge . he , “ are your affections disengaged ? ” morrel looked at monte cristo with astonishment . as he was to all the manners of a court , could not but perceive a little coldness in this reception . so that if they prove troublesome , we shall be able to hold them in check ; so , for the last time , steer to monte cristo . ” should find her next day at the louvre ; sometimes he feared she had had an intrigue with another , who , in a jealous fit , had surprised her and carried her off . between the point of the jetty , surmounted by	96.73841094970703
a beacon just lighted , and a rock which <unk> out . , athos . ” to remind you my mother speaks to you . ” just left this room , have they not ? ” ” asked she . what the sergeant wishes us to do , ” replied d ’ artagnan . moved so as to plant themselves between the person entering and the cardinal . with the first money i touch , i mean you to have a small house , with a garden in which to plant clematis , nasturtiums , and <unk> . lord winter marching at the head of his regiment . collected around poor ali , who is as much astonished as themselves ; really one might suppose he was the	101.21772003173828
only nubian they had ever beheld . will be better than afterward . ” quai they encountered bazin , who was running breathlessly . franz with a sigh , “ do as you please my dear viscount , for your arguments are beyond my powers of <unk> . said , “ all you have told me is perfectly true , then , and i may believe it in every particular . ” a scratch , ” said d ’ artagnan . it . ” walls of the staircase , were reflected gigantic shadows , which trembled in the flickering light of the <unk> till they seemed to reach to the vaulted roof above . ? ” charming country , and i <unk> on one condition only . ”	74.06570434570312
old , ” said haydée . placed than i am that god has laid this responsibility . ” they refused to buy it . ” anxiety . athos to himself , “ is it indeed possible that i hear what i hear and that i see what i see ? ” my lord , ” said felton , with a tone of profound disgust which sounded to the very bottom of the heart of milady , “ you were right , my lord , and i was wrong . ” would only be a swiss the less in the world ; but you will not do so , i hope . one hand and the fork in the other , and was about to cut up the fowl	39.554134368896484
. everyone , m. de morcerf . ” the chancellor , ” replied the young lady ; “ he has just gone , and i am sure he ’ ll be exceedingly sorry not to have had the pleasure of seeing you before he went . ” not to overhear what they said , but because i could do nothing else ; besides , the same thing had occurred often before . perfect order ; each register had its number , each file of papers its place . , a chemist ? ” friend ; better than ever . said monte cristo . exclaimed athos , extending his hand to d ’ artagnan . . small rooms and a parlor . completed as they arrived at the countess	72.8397216796875
’ s box . ; she will buy heavily , and she will certainly lose when beauchamp announces the following day , in his <unk> , ‘ the report circulated by some usually well-informed persons that the king was seen yesterday at gabrielle ’ s house , is totally without foundation . jacopo manfredi ? ” can be no harm in myself and party being in readiness , in case your excellency should fail . ” his men were assembled on deck . in his carriage , danglars called out to his coachman , in a voice that might be heard across the road , “ to the chamber of deputies . ” , ” replied milady ; “ and i have been wrong in seeing in the	111.9272689819336
mission with which you honor me anything but that which it really <unk> is , to announce to his grace , on the part of your eminence , that you are acquainted with the different disguises by means of which he succeeded in approaching the queen during the fête given by madame the constable ; that you have proofs of the interview granted at the louvre by the queen to a certain italian astrologer who was no other than the duke of buckingham ; that you have ordered a little romance of a satirical nature to be written upon the adventures of amiens , with a plan of the gardens in which those adventures took place , and portraits of the actors who figured in them ; that	116.05918884277344
montague is in the bastille , and that the torture may make him say things he remembers , and even things he has forgotten ; that you possess a certain letter from madame de chevreuse , found in his grace ’ s lodging , which singularly compromises not only her who wrote it , but her in whose name it was written . the other hand , my lord , ” returned the governor , “ when the first rebel should pass the threshold of my <unk> doors i should be obliged to kill you with my own hand , since you were confided peculiarly to my care and as i am obliged to give you up , dead or alive . ” brains out of the first	81.24513244628906
man who leaves the pump , ’ said he . ” ” said the monk . was rushing to the young girl ’ s head already , her cheeks were becoming red . and dantès threw himself furiously down on his straw . , as we have already stated , the mysterious personage arrived . m. noirtier did not love his child , and yet he sleeps . ” way , and crossing the pont neuf , still driving the two sorry animals before him , he reached the rue aux ours . in this accursed paris ? ” i stopped the postilion , i spoke to m. de saint-méran , i applied my smelling-salts ; but all was over , and i arrived at aix by the	92.20712280273438
side of a corpse . ” you how to behave yourself . ” crystal , was now and then disturbed by the leaping of fish , which were pursued by some unseen enemy and sought for safety in another element ; while on the extreme verge of the horizon might be seen the fishermen ’ s boats , white and graceful as the sea-gull , or the merchant vessels bound for corsica or spain . which makes you look upon everything in that light . ” was considered <unk> by an englishman to refuse to pledge him . confidence in me ? ” jacques la boucherie ; ” and delighted with the success of his embassy , friquet started off at the top of his speed . his	144.56622314453125
<unk> being nearly of the same size as aramis , and as aramis was so liberally paid by the publisher who purchased his poem as to allow him to buy everything double , he sold his friend a complete outfit . placed his sword point on the breast of his fallen enemy , and forced him to ask for mercy . return , how does it concern you ? i converse with her ? ” said albert , in a low tone to monte cristo . to about that sum ; but keep it , and we shall be quits . ” are french cavalry reserved for service in africa . felton ; it is only the sentinel warning me that they are about to change the guard	107.02993774414062
. ” asked beauchamp . says , morcerf , ” said debray , “ do you marry her . man whom , in his hours of delirium , he had seen groaning on his bed . we will see if the king ’ s name is not a passport everywhere , ” replied the gascon . in the rue des fossoyeurs . of that young lady . sorrow , ” continued the young girl , as if this feeling was to receive its immediate punishment , “ is that the poor old lady , on her death-bed , requested that the marriage might take place as soon as possible ; she also , thinking to protect me , was acting against me . ” ? ” radiant ,	44.61971664428711
was he not ? ” my misfortune . ” , have this expedition to ré and this league with the protestants of la rochelle which i am projecting ? his mouth . d ’ artagnan , “ you sing charmingly , dear aramis . tréville , without lowering his voice in the least , “ either order my musketeer to be restored to me , or let him be tried . ” he played . that i have not come to any decided opinion respecting him , but i think him a maltese . ” swear to you , by the head of that son for whom i entreat your pity , <unk> , for ten years i saw every night every detail of that frightful tragedy ,	86.88549041748047
and for ten years i heard every night the cry which awoke me , shuddering and cold . men of the sword chapter xvi . but neither do i recollect meeting with you , ” observed valentine , raising her beautiful eyes to the count . , among the spectators was one of his eminence ’ s guardsmen , who , still irritated by the defeat of his companions , which had happened only the day before , had promised himself to seize the first opportunity of avenging it . brought to you that you may add your prayers to those of the faithful , are they ? ” asked franz somewhat <unk> . precaution , not impertinence ; no one enters here without an order from m.	96.5875473022461
d ’ avrigny , or without speaking to the procureur . ” had come twenty minutes before the time appointed . came again . ” ” morrel advanced towards beauchamp and château-renaud , who , seeing his intention , came to meet him . hope of escape ? ” , and proposed to him to accompany me , endeavoring to tempt him by all the promises most likely to dazzle the imagination of a child of twelve . to do ? ” asked aramis . d ’ artagnan , “ you must excuse <unk> travelers . was to come . i thank you with all my heart . ” of me ? ” inquired the man , retreating a step or two , as if to keep on	43.84204864501953
his guard . he bowed to her , as some husbands do to their wives , but in a way that <unk> will never comprehend , until a very extensive code is published on conjugal life . d ’ artagnan . cried the hollow voice of athos , “ i can hear d ’ artagnan , i think . ” cheering words . . that ? ” , my god ! , ” said albert , with a bow . upon the cambric front of a shirt , which had considerably changed in color since his entrance into the prison , and he polished his varnished boots with the corner of a handkerchief embroidered with initials surmounted by a coronet . shall catch him . stealthily to the	89.16146850585938
door , which he closed , and , by way of still greater precaution , bolted and barred it , as he was accustomed to do at night . you ? ” asked he of edmond . athos , carelessly , “ she is probably going to write to the cardinal that a damned musketeer , named athos , has taken her <unk> from her by force ; she will advise him in the same letter to get rid of his two friends , aramis and porthos , at the same time . for bringing down a man in proper style . ” like apparitions , without the guards thinking of detaining them , and reached the open country . he had fallen on his chair ; it	69.58970642089844
was evident that his legs refused to support him . hundred pistoles for the <unk> ” else , as the horse which <unk> the ground is mine , and the other horse , which is <unk> , belongs to athos . ” again requires your bottle , ” he said . and threw it open ; he recognized louvieres at the head of a troop of about three or four thousand men . horse , porthos ? ” replied the major , “ they paid me 50,000 francs down . ” fear . long detained . ” which proved that the conversation she had with the cardinal had fallen into outside ears ; but she could not suppose that he had dug a <unk> so promptly and so	62.706787109375
boldly . ” ” said he . the priest . my lord , that the moment has now arrived when , with a single word , you may recompense all these services . ” that is certainly droll ; but i am not the less a giddy fool . ” to obey the call . . d ’ armilly say to you for robbing her of her pupil ? ” step , ’ said they , ‘ and you are a dead man . ’ man . . ” ! ” cried mordaunt , springing off his horse . put on my best coat , and presenting myself at the great gate , introduce myself . ” to you ; i succeeded in <unk> your name under the	52.00247573852539
blood with which the letter was stained , ” replied monte cristo , amid the general outburst of amazement . of the alarm and inconvenience he had caused them , he told them that he had terminated the affair alone in which he had for a moment believed he should need their assistance . improper in our conversation , my dear planchet , and no one could find fault with it . ” to quit paris , i hope he will stay there and continue to be prime minister , as he is a great statesman . and returned very few visits . ” said the swiss ; “ it ’ s simple enough to <unk> a dream , but i neffer dream . ” , which was	87.11930084228516
lighted by a single lamp of venetian crystal , she saw d ’ artagnan , who stood expecting her . ? ” , “ how came planchet here ? ” when he was left “ stiff as a rush ” in london . my shoulders , and swim for both of us . ” his bureau and taking a sheet of paper wrote some lines upon it , whilst d ’ artagnan stood imperturbable , without showing either impatience or curiosity . , you simpleton , ” answered the duke . . have recourse to violence , he understood the reasons d ’ artagnan had given him ; besides , completely ignorant of the friendship which existed between the four frenchmen , all his uneasiness disappeared when he	108.14976501464844
heard of the plausible motive of the ransom . said to himself , “ if i only had for a confessor one of those lights of the church , whose soul has sounded all the mysteries of life , all the <unk> of greatness , perhaps his utterance would <unk> the voice that <unk> within my soul . , the terror which spurred him on , the cries of some of the patrol who started in pursuit of him , and the hooting of the people who , notwithstanding the early hour , were going to their work , only made him precipitate his course . knew the name of the person to whom it was addressed , ” said villefort . <unk> ; they use <unk> scoundrels	97.95572662353516
! ” and meat of which he makes the greatest <unk> . are drawing on mine , and that your apprenticeship may cost me 700,000 francs per month . dear d ’ artagnan , have been so , but nature said ‘ no. ’ when i am in the <unk> , if by chance a pretty woman looks at me , i look at her again : if she smiles , i smile too . had been written with the left hand ; and i have noticed that—— ” doctor , ” said villefort , “ he is quite coming round again ; i really do not think , after all , it is anything of consequence . ” , then , to leave it ? ” asked	74.65640258789062
athos of d ’ artagnan . of the evil ; now try and aid us with the remedy . ” shame at my name ; dead , you may raise your head and say , ‘ i am the son of him you killed , because , for the first time , he has been compelled to break his word . ’ ” can be she , ” said he . for the key of the room on the fifth floor , enter the apartment , take from the corner of the mantelpiece a purse netted in red silk , and give it to your father . i were his d ’ artagnan , instead of belonging to that beast of a mazarin , mordieu ! paris ?	67.91522979736328
” asked athos , quickly . so heavy , was now like a feather in his grasp ; he seized it , and attacked the wall . by violence , if our love is mutual ? no other place to fear but the traitor ’ s cross ; the carriage was taking the direct road to it . ” said the abbé , “ and i will again have pity on you , and will let you escape , at the risk of the fresh miseries my weakness may lead to , if you tell me the truth . ” peculiar to <unk> rose and left the room . permission to retire . kept back by villefort , had become , under the second restoration , a terrible	81.5514907836914
weapon against him in the hands of the king ’ s attorney . accordance with paragraph 1.f.3 , a full refund of any money paid for a work or a replacement copy , if a defect in the electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of receipt of the work . with my sixty men ; i encircled the castle ; the riding horses i <unk> to grimaud and i awaited your coming out , which i did not expect till to-morrow , and i didn ’ t hope to free you without a skirmish . one who is lighting us . monte cristo ; “ mercédès ! of first entering the drawing-room , had not once lost sight of the expression of the	91.43682861328125
young man ’ s countenance ; he had admired the assurance of his look and the firmness of his voice ; but at these words , so natural in themselves , “ your father is indeed here , and is seeking you , ” young andrea started , and exclaimed , “ my father ? one , perhaps ; but then , hereditary rank is <unk> . ” possible , ” answered the comte de la fere . joy . go , ” said the marquis . porthos , “ let us hear what he says . ” ” eight , ” then said aramis ; “ it is eight thousand that we want to complete our outfits , toward which , it is true , we have	51.03851318359375
already the saddles . ” grievously from his wound , though it had been dressed anew by m. de tréville ’ s surgeon , was seated on a post and waiting for his adversary with hat in hand , his feather even touching the ground . of his character was the search for adventures and a love of romance . messenger ? ” the first time you ever took that journey ? ” feel for the key . , because honest folks are so rare . the paralytic with the same solemnity . into the bedchamber ; it was a model of taste and simple elegance . of weakened minds to see everything through a black cloud . to see you , to speak to you , to	107.47799682617188
warn you against everyone , but especially against him . speak , ” said athos ; “ you know he always has wise advice to give . ” to you , then ? do so of your own accord ? ” i speculate when i already have so much trouble in regulating my income ? , then ? ” asked felton . the dinner service . ” end ? ” , ” she remarked , “ to be making me undergo a course of <unk> . ” ” forgotten me , i am sure , but god alone knows if she loves me still ; i shall love you as i loved my father . ” be killed , ” said de guiche . that mysterious country called	59.332096099853516
death ! that i killed . ” madame de villefort the loan of my carriage to drive tomorrow to the bois ; but when my coachman goes to fetch the grays from the stables they are <unk> gone . you love me as much as you say , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ do you not entertain a little fear on my account ? ” of milady ’ s bastards ! ” when the carriage stopped suddenly ; the count had just pulled the silken <unk> , which was fastened to ali ’ s finger . up by henry iv . velvet fell in graceful folds from his shoulders , disclosing in front the splendid baldric , from which was suspended a gigantic rapier . or	81.82392120361328
for the princes ? ” , ” returned morcerf ; “ you have described him feature for feature . , when some one touched him softly on the shoulder . the boat , and five minutes after they were on board . perfect contrast to his interrogator , who had just designated him by the name of aramis . the glittering sabres and carbines of four gendarmes . knows that poor house well . ” answered dantès ; “ don ’ t imagine i am going to put you off in that shabby manner . exclamation of joy ; a ray of light seemed to penetrate the abyss of despair and darkness . thirty-nine and forty years of age , of medium height but a very well proportioned	107.35025787353516
figure ; with an intellectual and animated physiognomy ; his beard black , and his hair turning gray , as often happens when people have found life either too gay or too sad , more especially when they happen to be of <unk> complexion . torture and she ’ ll soon tell us where her money is . ’ they drew up the <unk> before the king was taken ? ” and he loves them by clasping his arms round them . ” i believe , already . ” the curate , for the sake of saying something . the effect that the owners of the _pharaon_ had promised to attend the nuptial feast ; but all seemed unanimous in doubting that an act of such rare and	158.902099609375
<unk> condescension could possibly be intended . service , sir , ” said the abbé , with a marked italian accent . . fate at aquapendente . ” gentlemen , sheathe your swords ! ” perfect belief in the existence of <unk> , and even assured me that he had seen them . nothing , monsieur the commissary , and that i only suspect . ” ! ” alley , up a flight of stairs , and deposited him in an antechamber . , ” said the king , falling upon his knees . . ” cried barrois , “ are you going to let me die without help ? take care ; when our turn comes , our revenge will be sweeping . ” that my will	56.277610778808594
should be respected in my family , and that the folly of an old man and the caprice of a child should not be allowed to overturn a project which i have entertained for so many years . them approach , drew back mechanically , until he found himself stopped by a <unk> in the centre of the clump ; there he was compelled to remain . she , “ i do not remember it just at this moment ; but if it should occur to me presently , i will tell you . ” the cardinal ’ s gallows . ” observed that poisoners were cowards . tears in his eyes and heaving breast , and without uttering a word he gave her the letter . ”	55.13255310058594
replied faria , “ to free me if what i tell you prove true , and i will stay here while you go to the spot . ” fortunately , i do not want for anything ; and it chances that at times there are others who have need of me. ” dantès made a gesture . must have held her breath , or moved in some slight degree , for the woman , disturbed , stopped and leaned over the bed , in order the better to ascertain whether valentine slept : it was madame de villefort . impossible ; but if you are very well behaved you will be allowed to walk about , and some day you will meet the governor , and if he	91.63848876953125
<unk> to reply , that is his affair . ” the good book , ” said monte cristo , “ that the sins of the fathers shall fall upon their children to the third and fourth generation . do not compel me to <unk> that noble and pure image reflected incessantly on the mirror of my heart . delay , ” said athos ; “ our servants ? ” . , to see me ? ” le comte , that you had something to communicate to me at your chateau of bragelonne , and that gentleman ” —he pointed to <unk> “ had also something to tell me when i was in his convent . of his <unk> that it ? ” convalescence , took leave of m.	84.62954711914062
de la trémouille , returned to his hôtel , and immediately sent word to the four friends that he awaited their company at dinner . to the chamber of his companion in captivity , he found faria seated and looking composed . ? ” whispered planchet . answered the brave man , “ to let the king know that they have not killed me outright . , but the examining magistrate is waiting for the prisoner . ” are in a constant state of change . attempting violence ? ” longer either throne or husband ; she has neither son , money nor friends ; the whole world , my poor child , has abandoned your mother ! ” and she fell back , weeping , into her	92.4028549194336
daughter ’ s arms . the room above . all is arranged , do not let these newly awakened remembrances be forgotten . faith in my counsels she ought to profit by this event to address at this moment , in favor of her august husband , the court of france . stood on the left-hand side of the post road , and <unk> upon the rhône . said , “ does he enter without first asking for an audience ? ” not dissemble that the <unk> of the tall trees and the reflection of the moon in the dark <unk> gave him serious uneasiness . ornament of your toilet ? i replied , ‘ it is not for myself that i entreat your <unk> should grieve for	110.2669448852539
him or avenge him , but my poor brother had a wife , and were anything to happen to me , the poor creature would perish from want , for my brother ’ s pay alone kept her . <unk> , that friend so loyal that she refused the favor of the king that she might remain in mine ? ” born ; i answer . answering , but the gesture might pass for assent . silence , during which the two men looked at each other , as if to make a preliminary acquaintance , after which d ’ artagnan bowed , as a sign that he listened . straight to the duc de blacas . ” your count , and you shall have him all to	71.59161376953125
yourself . love , reflect a little upon what you require of me . were so kind ? ” cover him with honey ; then , opening a feather bed , he had rolled in it and had thus become the most grotesque fowl it is possible to imagine . besides my steward , to keep a clerk and a boy . out early this morning , ” replied the valet . porthos , looking complacently at his old lackey as he went away , “ you are right , d ’ artagnan ; mouston will do ; mouston has a very fine appearance . ” ; i have not so much as you have , since i do not fly as you do . i hear from	90.85981750488281
her majesty the queen of england ? ’ artagnan ; the profession of arms suits you . too , m. noirtier ? ” no doubt ; d ’ artagnan was really insulted . of their replies could throw any light on the subject , porthos called the host and asked for dice . means of kingly vengeance , and a low-born fellow such as he is would not have recourse to them . ” , who led him into a room almost under ground , whose bare and reeking walls seemed as though <unk> with tears ; a lamp placed on a stool illumined the apartment faintly , and showed dantès the features of his conductor , an <unk> , <unk> , and of sullen appearance . m.	126.24089813232422
d ’ épinay , “ it is not , perhaps , the moment for mademoiselle valentine , who is in deep distress , to think of a husband ; indeed , i <unk> ” me , tell me , i say , ” repeated milady , “ how do you know it ? ” but in five minutes one of the officers of the guard entered in compliance with the strict orders of the cardinal that the prisoner should never be left alone a moment . was arrested , monsieur morrel hastened to obtain the particulars , and they were very sad . our <unk> , count ? ” said albert . , and dragged herself along several paces upon her knees toward her judges . the inspector	45.92125701904297
, “ who can live here ? ” house at <unk> house is the one where i have committed an assassination ; you descend to the garden by the same staircase by which he descended ; you stop at the spot where he received the blow ; and two paces farther is the grave in which he had just buried his child . that , unfortunately , your husband is a simpleton and a fool ; in the next place , you are in trouble , of which i am very glad , as it gives me an opportunity of placing myself at your service , and god knows i am ready to throw myself into the fire for you ; finally , that the queen wants a	71.22347259521484
brave , intelligent , devoted man to make a journey to london for her . ” she asked . , you say ? ” ” said beauchamp , much surprised ; “ surely you must be mistaken . ” , how rightly i spoke when i said i required a <unk> to guide me in all my <unk> and doings here . ” therefore , to say that d ’ artagnan dared not join in the conversation , only he looked with all his eyes and listened with all his ears , stretching his five senses so as to lose nothing ; and despite his confidence on the paternal <unk> , he felt himself carried by his tastes and led by his instincts to praise rather than to	80.35758972167969
blame the unheard-of things which were taking place . before he could distinguish the door , amid the red color in which the house was painted . she is not there ? ” sixty-six and <unk> years of age , little , rather stout , with gray hair and light eyes . champagne and gave it to him . had preferred avoiding any touch on this painful chord , and faria had been equally silent . , this diamond into ten parts of a hundred pistoles each . ” this pitiable condition , showed by his looks all the various emotions of sorrow and sympathy which can animate the heart of man . had approached the opening where athos was concealed to tell him that he was about	123.48258209228516
to make an attempt to gain another interview with the king . to come here ? ” convincing , since they rested upon a few words written by an escaped galley-slave on his death-bed , and who might have been actuated by hatred or revenge in accusing his companion . the room to go to madame de villefort ’ s , ” said he ; “ and in passing , as she was thirsty , she drank what remained in the glass ; as for the decanter , master edward had emptied that to make a <unk> for his <unk> . ” forty pistoles of king louis xiii. , like all other things of this world , after having had a beginning had an end , and after	82.70040893554688
this end our four companions began to be somewhat embarrassed . of the cardinal , for he sends you hither , and <unk> ” right moment had arrived , he took the knife , <unk> open the teeth , which offered less resistance than before , counted one after the other twelve drops , and watched ; the phial contained , perhaps , twice as much more . ’ t keep any , ” was the reply of the people who opened the doors ; “ but please ask at the hay dealer ’ s . ” ; under your <unk> i will receive any person you please , but you must not expect me to be too confiding . the money gained in the exercise of my	98.89979553222656
profession i have distributed to the poor ; i have been assiduous in attending church and those who formerly fled from me have become accustomed to seeing me . signify ; he has a letter of credit on me , so i must see him when he requires his money . ” powerful , valentine , but say what you will , i can never renounce the sentiment which has instinctively taken possession of my mind . athos , “ our resolution is irrevocable . ” , ” said athos . . ; it appeared as if he had not expected so much from m. andrea cavalcanti . , like the <unk> of <unk> , shared the sadness of their masters . the abuse of the day seemed	86.0690689086914
to glide over his head as the <unk> of the evening before had done ; but hatred and revenge were accumulating in his heart silently and drop by drop . renée , “ this letter , which , after all , is but an anonymous <unk> , is not even addressed to you , but to the king ’ s attorney . ” my neck , and fear nothing . ” ] those heavy <unk> , drawn by <unk> , which carry the wood cut in the fine forests of the country to the ports of the loire , came out of a byroad full of ruts and turned on that which the two horsemen were following . the protecting hand of god snatch him thence , all	113.07158660888672
is over , and his struggles but <unk> to hasten his destruction . required but one hour to take up arms again and one night to reconstruct the barricades . . ” m. cavalcanti , i trust you will not leave before i have had the honor of presenting you to some of my friends . ” to the cabin and <unk> open the door . sleep in peace , and put your trust in the lord . ” on , the soldiers under arms , and among the spectators i see d ’ artagnan . happily i have , ” replied valentine . , innocence , and love , the three ingredients of the happiness of angels , and now what am i ? ” memory and	81.9169921875
a long arm ; you may depend upon it , he will repay you by some ill turn . ” and rochefort together , “ it is you ! ” yes ! ” able to make a step , glued as she was to the spot by terror . be , then , as you have said , monsieur d ’ artagnan ; we shall see each other again after the campaign . began to talk about everything ; about the bad quality of the food , about the coldness of his dungeon , grumbling and complaining , in order to have an excuse for speaking louder , and <unk> the patience of his jailer , who out of kindness of heart had brought broth and white bread	80.63802337646484
for his prisoner . , and that would produce an appetite it would require a million a day to satisfy . pale as death , were trying to give him succor ; but it was plain that all assistance was <unk> the features of the dying man were distorted with agony . , the noise awoke him with a start and found a gloomy echo in his heart . of seeing a husband again from whom you have been separated for a week ? ” asked the mercer , piqued to the quick . flame , breasts of ice became like heated <unk> , so that to franz , yielding for the first time to the sway of the drug , love was a sorrow and <unk> a	119.82075500488281
torture , as burning mouths were pressed to his thirsty lips , and he was held in cool serpent-like embraces . either a dull provincial person or a spy in search of information . ” caderousse , astonished ; “ who told you i was there ? ” you can console and support me by the strength of your own powerful mind . of our equipage , by tomorrow it might be too late . ” . is come home . ” it was she whom he sought . more important to me than life . . probably on the road . ” , and not the prefect , who returned to the house of m. de villefort . finish this fowl and to drink one glass of	93.9668960571289
wine to your health , d ’ artagnan . ” for me wished to take me from my persecutors . cried morcerf ; “ _parbleu ! _ do you think i can not be saved as well as anyone else , and that there are only arabs who cut off heads ? to milady . i know he used to amuse my wife and daughter by telling them about it after his return from italy . ” monsieur , i believe you ; and as i was about to say , by the word of bonacieux , i have confidence in you . ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ i think i recognize the writing . ” his master as if he had been his shadow ,	47.97499084472656
and was soon trotting by his side . ? perch for a <unk> , which regaled the passers-by through this <unk> scene with its <unk> , monotonous note . friend , this time you are wrong , ” interrupted porthos . in jest , since it was evident that under existing circumstances d ’ artagnan was the only man who could relieve the queen ’ s uneasiness , bernouin went without hesitation to announce to her this strange embassy ; and as he had foreseen , the queen gave orders to introduce monsieur d ’ artagnan at once . d ’ artagnan ; “ i am fatigued with reading , and all this latin <unk> me . ” millions in your hands alone ! lofty glance , this	91.72032165527344
handsome cavalier , so brilliant in feats of arms that every one was surprised that he held in his hand a sword only instead of a baton of command ! door was immediately opened , and the young man who was seated beside the countess , in obedience to the italian custom , instantly rose and surrendered his place to the strangers , who , in turn , would be expected to retire upon the arrival of other visitors . said to porthos in a low tone : in all this was the diamond , worth five or six thousand livres , which he wore on his finger ; and even this <unk> that d ’ artagnan , in his projects of ambition , wished to keep it	74.5411148071289
, to make it someday a pledge for the gratitude of the queen—had not in the meanwhile , since he could not part with it , more value than the gravel he trod under his feet . replied teresa with astonishment ; ‘ but i was mad to utter such a wish . ’ villefort , in the act of slipping on her dressing-gown , threw aside the drapery and for a moment stood motionless , as though interrogating the occupants of the room , while she endeavored to call up some rebellious tears . not a muscle of his face was discomposed ; only his glance flashed like a sword in returning the furious looks of the queen . to the door . grass was thin attracted	125.88545989990234
my attention ; it evidently was there i had turned up the ground . mercy then , miserable wretch ! cells ; their inhabitants were designated by the numbers of their cell , and the unhappy young man was no longer called edmond dantès—he was now number 34 . king wished to be called louis the just and louis the chaste . , so i will ! ’ said caderousse ; ‘ so you may have the diamond for 45,000 francs . a woman that is worth the trouble of being sought for when she is once lost . <unk> who possess nearly a million ? eyes fixed upon the light ; the boat went on , but the prisoner thought only of mercédès . aramis , “	137.2672576904297
he has not seen us . french stock-jobbing . glance all the painful feelings she inspired in felton by dwelling on every detail of her recital ; but she would not spare him a single pang . and so solemn , that everyone rose , with the exception of carlini , who remained seated , and ate and drank calmly . find your theme ill-chosen . ” right , ” said athos . between us ; but , first , i will state the case to them . choice ; he took the full glass and a biscuit . tricks of a demon at his command ? thousand pounds . ” said valentine . had passed between the king and queen ; but both of them had spoken	100.73583984375
so low that everybody , out of respect , withdrew several steps , so that nobody had heard anything . england . ” ? ” debray shrugged his shoulders . sir , but i thought it really very fine and grand ! ” saving the king it will be good ; if we die for him it will be grand . ” ” asked mazarin . man ’ s <unk> , or whether he had not full confidence in his <unk> , he looked uneasily at him . des gardes , he took a glance into the stables . of the english ranks , fell upon athos , twined arms of steel around him , and tearing his sword from him , said in his ear : ”	66.15625762939453
said the cardinal , leaning , as they walked through the garden , on his friend ’ s arm , “ you told me just now that you had been twenty years in the queen ’ s service . ” the godfather is a second father , we beg the reader to lay to our account , and not to that of the comte de la fère , the pleasure or the _ennui_ he may experience . the grand vizier my father look at that moment , in the midst of the flying bullets , his scimitar in his hand , and his face blackened with the powder of his enemies ! you ? ” ? perceive something on the ground at a distance ; he ventured to	56.50679397583008
call , and it seemed to him that the wind wafted back an almost inarticulate sigh . me , that as you profit by it—— ” without a shudder the approach of a gendarme who accompanied the officers deputed to demand his bill of health ere the yacht was permitted to hold communication with the shore ; but with that perfect self-possession he had acquired during his acquaintance with faria , dantès coolly presented an english passport he had obtained from leghorn , and as this gave him a standing which a french passport would not have afforded , he was informed that there existed no obstacle to his immediate debarkation . on , followed by the other coaches and about fifty horsemen . the island of lemaire	199.91744995117188
and cape <unk> , a quarter of a league distant , dantès saw a fishing-boat driven rapidly like a spectre before the power of winds and waves . ” he <unk> he thought he might avail himself of the opportunity of speaking of d ’ <unk> “ who by their sagacity and address have deceived the penetration of cardinal richelieu ; who by their valor have got the better of his guards and spies ; persons without money , without support , without credit , yet who have preserved to the crowned head its crown and made the cardinal <unk> pardon . ” bargain of four isolated men ; whereas four men together make a troop . the least , i beg you to believe . popolo or	183.0189971923828
by the streets , your excellencies ? ” will never return . gentle to your eminence . here ? ” asked the cardinal . had left him was critical . first , and instantly rang the bell . the treasures in the world , or all the kings of the earth ! two princesses , and bowing to de winter , departed . himself that , to all outward view , he had completely masked the feelings which were passing in his mind , he did not know that the cloud was still lowering on his brow , so much so that the count , whose smile was radiant , immediately noticed his sombre and thoughtful air . speak , for my eyes have already become brighter ,	82.65231323242188
and my heart beats strongly ; be cautious , or you will make me believe in supernatural <unk> . who had been incessantly observing every change in fernand ’ s look and manner , saw him stagger and fall back , with an almost convulsive spasm , against a seat placed near one of the open windows . of each other on the very border of the estate of pierrefonds , to which porthos escorted his friend . you—i recognize you ! ” exclaimed the king ’ s attorney ; “ you are—— ” steward paused . me , ” said winter . through the damp gray mist was honest planchet , who , with the two horses in hand , awaited him at the door of a	130.40151977539062
little blind cabaret , before which d ’ artagnan had passed without even a suspicion of its existence . artagnan , who was as yet purely and simply in the guards , found himself , for the time at least , separated from his good <unk> , porthos , and aramis . expressed that wish , ” said bertuccio , “ and the horses are ready . of the avenues leading towards the open space where they were assembled . to see shall see . ” with extreme amazement . see why ; we are very comfortable in those we wear . ” certainly ; but cavalcanti is an original who does nothing like other people . who inherited it from her mother . a glass to his	91.47499084472656
lips ; but at the name of milady , his hand trembled so , that he was obliged to put the glass on the ground again for fear of <unk> the contents . ” we will return to my lord duke presently . found he was bidding a hundred pistoles for a chestnut nag . not on him , monsieur ; it was on another . ” the care of his guards again , and let him wait till i send for him . ” four men you will undertake to disperse a hundred low fellows ; as it may happen that we shall have to encounter two hundred , take <unk> ” half real , half fanciful . madame danglars , looking at her husband with uneasiness	80.17142486572266
, “ how could that prevent m. de villefort—— ” cried porthos , “ we will not <unk> ” the devil , you mean ! ” cried buckingham , raising his voice so as to attract the notice of his people , without absolutely shouting . heart repose ? refund of any money paid by a user who notifies you in writing ( or by e-mail ) within 30 days of receipt that s/he does not agree to the terms of the full project gutenberg™ license . words to his prophet , why should i seek to make myself better than god ? ” know , <unk> government was not rich enough . ” rich , since instead of the 114 francs we require for the journey we	105.01756286621094
find ourselves in possession of <unk> . ” not tell his name , but who comes from the cardinal . ” they , “ not in bed at a quarter past eleven . four horses of our lackeys we will make two for the masters , for which we will draw lots . know you . ” downy cushions , covered with blue satin <unk> with silver ; her head , supported by one of her exquisitely moulded arms , rested on the divan immediately behind her , while the other was employed in <unk> to her lips the coral <unk> of a rich narghile , through whose flexible pipe she drew the smoke fragrant by its passage through perfumed water . of any grottos , ” replied	123.43025207519531
jacopo . beneath the portrait , was the casket containing the diamond studs . ; it is buried in the cellars of newcastle keep . with the quick glance peculiar to those who are about to die and have no time to lose . with them . open the door which leads to the count ’ s room , and in ten minutes all will be settled . ” ” replied franz . nothing but the fire ; let us hope you have found some gold among the ashes . score , m. morrel ; but do you think we shall be permitted to see our poor edmond ? ” ears ? ” it was the messenger from albert . ” said d ’ artagnan . de winter	54.921905517578125
passed his arm through that of felton , and led him out , laughing . ’ s instinct , guessed that morrel would be monte cristo ’ s second , and from the young man ’ s well-known courage and his great affection for the count , she feared that he would not content himself with the passive part assigned to him . porthos ; “ but i do not know if it is feeling or the wind that makes me weep ; i think it is the wind . ” porthos ; “ i see nothing in that very extraordinary . ” the king , “ to fight ? ” kind , and good you are ; you affect this gayety to inspire me with courage .	48.860984802246094
” , ” said athos , “ let us leave this chamber ; the dead are not agreeable company , particularly when they have died a violent death . ” ’ s comedy , _le <unk> . packet , and gave you a letter in place of it , i think ? ” door and everything was <unk> , bandages , and lint ; and a groom had gone to lens , the nearest village , for a doctor . bonacieux sounded on the door , the two young people felt their hearts bound within them . ” a safe if simple youth . ” madame de saint-remy , have they yet told her of it ? ” set about this work , in which , unhappily ,	83.21092224121094
i can offer you no assistance ; keep at it all night , if necessary , and do not return here tomorrow till after the jailer has visited me . her , ” said monte cristo , “ as i told you , albert , with the emerald which formed a match to the one i had made into a box for the purpose of holding my hashish pills . ” old ? ” and offered his arm to assist the count in descending . ” notary , m. deschamps , place <unk> , faubourg saint-honoré , and you have my authority to inspect those deeds . ” a loyal frenchman , thought accused of treason ; tell me where you are conducting me , and i promise	96.77559661865234
you on my honor i will submit to my fate . ” the cardinal , in an indifferent tone , “ the only thing to be sought for at this moment is some woman , handsome , young , and clever , who has cause of quarrel with the duke . if the sun incommoded him . interrupted mazarin , “ was a great politician and therein shone his vast superiority over me . his return from great britain he had brought back four magnificent horses—one for himself , and one for each of his companions ; then he informed porthos that the one intended for him was already installed in the stable of the tavern . habit of a huntress became her admirably . appeared in the	114.45796966552734
doorway , almost as pale as those in the chamber . . ” <unk> in the same manner as his master ; he only drank from the cask . direction . , and life and energy returned . ’ t doubt that . ” rest brought his friend “ sinbad the sailor ” back to his recollection , and that was the mysterious sort of intimacy that seemed to exist between the brigands and the sailors ; and pastrini ’ s account of vampa ’ s having found refuge on board the vessels of smugglers and fishermen , reminded franz of the two corsican bandits he had found supping so amicably with the crew of the little yacht , which had even deviated from its course and touched	126.1731948852539
at porto-vecchio for the sole purpose of landing them . here to enter into an analysis of this curious work ; and i shall satisfy myself with referring such of my readers as appreciate the pictures of the period to its pages . regain the house , assisted by your nurse . the royal bed , my simar , madame , looks not unlike the mantle worn by kings . ” : command , monseigneur ; i am ready . ” of surprise and entered the carriage , and the king and monsieur took their places at her side . ! ” said julie . the principle on which i wish to act . ” with a determination to remain there for the rest of my life .	124.01844024658203
it , but she seems to entertain some prejudice against the danglars . ” months he had learned to write . gospel , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but one single fault has swallowed up all these fine qualities . ” of making people envious of me , duchess ? ” replied athos . de tréville was asking d ’ artagnan what he could do to serve him , and what caused his visit at so late an hour . , who , coming up to athos to ask charity , athos offered him half a crown to accompany him where he was going . cried , “ they have not wounded , but perhaps they have robbed me ! ” and he thrust his hands	72.85511016845703
into his pockets . and it is he who apologized to me . ” , perceiving the excitement depicted on the magistrate ’ s face , the savage lustre of his eyes , he understood that the revelation had been made at the assizes ; but beyond this he was ignorant . ” cried the countess ; “ you must not leave me . dantès , “ if in two or three days you hail any fishing-boat , desire them to come here to me . ” it was indeed planchet ; d ’ artagnan had recognized the voice of his old servant . become so ? ” lives . ” good fellow from picardy , who gave him all the information he needed . wife , i	61.3858528137207
hope ! ” wrong ? ” said athos . how a man may compromise himself when he does not know what he says , ” replied athos , shrugging his shoulders as if he thought himself an object of pity . advantages . old days that made the present so excessively delightful , and the blow was so great he rushed out , overcome , and forgot to shut the door . , the dog in his <unk> , the sheep in the field , the boats <unk> in the loire , even , became alive and <unk> . and i saw him from a distance point me out to them as a fool . ” _mazzolato_ , the second <unk> ’ yes , ” continued the count	69.23350524902344
, “ it was at first arranged in this way ; but i think since yesterday some change has taken place in the order of the ceremony . ” ? ” said the count . i work i forget everything . ” they returned by the main road to boulogne , at abbeville , and followed it step by step , examining every track . villefort , “ upon my word , you overcome me . ? ” the landlord . , rochefort would be back ; besides , during that fifteen days she would have time to think how she could best avenge herself on the four friends . number , ’ ” continued the abbé , without seeming to notice the emotion of caderousse , “	73.5002212524414
‘ is called danglars ; and the third , in spite of being my rival , entertained a very sincere affection for me . ’ ” of musketeers . ” spring backward and drew his sword . heaven , madame , ” said villefort , “ where is the doctor ? , for his madness is amusing . ” i may see it is not false . ” cried , ‘ on , d ’ artagnan , on , i am taken ’ ? ? ” asked porthos . enemies may arrive at any minute . ” ? ” my power to <unk> them and yet the belief of the public , you say , is that they proceed from me , an unhappy foreigner , who has	54.45318603515625
been unable to please the french . surrounding group . you in his service . ” accomplished if you had been free ? ” opened , and a man appeared , of high stature , pale complexion , and black hair and beard . brief council held among them , that julie should write to her brother , who was in garrison at nîmes , to come to them as speedily as possible . awaken me ? ” morrel , who remained motionless as a statue . ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . expedient to declare himself to a mind as intelligent as mazarin ’ s than to a queen admirable for firmness , without doubt , but too much guided by vain prejudices of birth and	99.89644622802734
of divine right . it ? ” replied aramis ; “ this evening , to-morrow , always ; command me . ” we left you . ” aramis , “ what prevents our being distrustful and going aboard at the same time ? mother , <unk> corsinari . ” ; and who is this friend ? enough of this , ” said cavalcanti . ? ” inquired valentine . valuable jewels in the hands of a poor sailor like himself might excite suspicion ; but the cunning purchaser asked no troublesome questions concerning a bargain by which he gained a round profit of at least eighty per cent . , the last service he can by any possibility ask of you , and your work will be all	140.0564727783203
the more meritorious . ” ? ” , but deeply interesting , ” said the young lady , motionless with attention . i were there two years ago . porthos , “ i am what i am . ” press the count ’ s hand , but his own was immovable . abundance , and would not let them partake of it ; they adopted as a <unk> they , too , had <unk> it was of very little consequence that women , children , and old men should die , so long as the men who were to defend the walls remained strong and healthy . the pains of actual being with the joys of the assumed existence , that you would desire to live no longer	78.31907653808594
, but to dream thus forever . you of his origin but what he is . ” aramis . . ” monsieur le cardinal to my friend ’ s chateau and there we have come to an understanding . to do so ? ” instant they heard a furious fusillade . exchange , ” said porthos , covered with perspiration and <unk> by dust , “ in exchange , i have torn many skins . himself stared . where a bird can not pass over one ’ s head , where a fish can not leap out of the water , where a rabbit can not come out of its <unk> , and i believe that bird , fish , and rabbit each becomes a spy of the	93.34221649169922
cardinal . will be in about an hour , you must offer him to me as a servant , and upon your recommendation , though he doesn ’ t speak a word of french , i take him into my service . , how <unk> he is ! , the hilt of the lieutenant ’ s sword was caught in the grating and he was obliged to pull off his cloak ; in doing so he showed the butt end of his pistols and a ray of the moon was reflected on the shining <unk> . hands with villefort , without adding a word to what he had said , went out , amid the tears and lamentations of the whole household . carry away with me the	65.46160125732422
recollection of such sweet moments , i could even thank you for <unk> me , for it leaves me a gleam of hope , that if you did not expect me ( and that indeed would be worse than vanity to suppose ) , at least i was in your thoughts . higher . ” not at once made the lady of the red cushion a princess . taken in our cargo , the wind became contrary , so that we were four or five days without being able to enter the rhône . he feared that the emotion of his voice would betray him . by twenty fathoms . ” and paris , seen thus , by the light of lanterns flickering on the <unk> of water	94.46674346923828
, crowded with <unk> of every kind , including those that glittered with the armed patrols , with the watchword , passing from post to <unk> presented such an aspect as to strongly seize the senses of aramis , a man most susceptible to warlike impressions . for morrel ; but while they were watching the departure of the count , morrel had quitted his post , and château-renaud , failing in his search , joined debray and beauchamp . see if anybody partook of his opinion ; but on the contrary , he saw nothing but eager eyes which were devouring , in anticipation , that sublime fowl which was the object of his contempt . make him do it in the presence of two witnesses ,	151.5023651123047
do you ? ” , the blood must be heated to thirty-six degrees , the pulse be , at least , at ninety , and the feelings excited beyond the ordinary limit . seated in the vehicle , she drew from her pocket a very thick black veil , which she tied on to her straw bonnet . noisy . ” she heard a voice speaking her name . you pay for it , books , and leave to walk about . ” forth ; he cast himself on the ground , weeping bitterly , and asking himself what crime he had committed that he was thus punished . d ’ artagnan ? ” said athos . should be informed as soon as madame danglars appeared ; but	94.86541748046875
at two o ’ clock she had not returned . . ” ” the side of these views of the <unk> and simplifying minister , which belong to history , the <unk> is forced to recognize the <unk> motives of the amorous man and jealous rival . is all , i am hungry , too ; but it is not everything to be hungry , one must find something to eat , unless we <unk> on the grass , like our <unk> ” its rounds . animation with the stranger . i have to ask of you is , not to call me ‘ mousqueton ’ but ‘ <unk> ’ since i have had the honor of being my lord ’ s steward i have taken the last	87.35120391845703
name as more dignified and calculated to make my inferiors respect me . julie , “ go and inform m. emmanuel of this gentleman ’ s visit , and maximilian will conduct him to the salon . ” king , in a low voice , as the others were retiring , “ as you have no room in the musketeers , and as we have besides decided that a novitiate is necessary before entering that corps , place this young man in the company of the guards of monsieur dessessart , your brother-in-law . ” said debray . my father , madame de villefort , and <unk> least , i understood it so . ” ” continued the abbé , “ who had been his companion in misfortune	69.21003723144531
, but had been released from prison during the second restoration , was possessed of a diamond of immense value ; this jewel he bestowed on dantès upon himself quitting the prison , as a mark of his gratitude for the kindness and brotherly care with which dantès had nursed him in a severe illness he underwent during his confinement . the first ; the same nervous movements were repeated , and the mouth contracted and turned purple . ” the door ; the baron had had a plank nailed over the grating . of which we speak was that of his <unk> payment , and scarron , as usual , had sent his servant to get his money at the <unk> , but the man had returned	144.17837524414062
and said that the government had no more money to give monsieur scarron . , ” replied comminges ; “ the queen will ultimately decide your place of domicile . ” ’ s life was attempted by poison four days ago , though she escaped , owing to the precautions of m. noirtier . said la carconte , as she placed a bottle of wine on the table , ‘ supper is ready whenever you are . ’ ha ! ” laughed the three friends , “ not a bad bargain ; and there was no fear of being taken at his word ; what did the prince do then ? ” so ! of the postscript , apparently with great anxiety . the monk . ? ”	76.66045379638672
’ t know . ” german , my lord , ” replied raoul ; “ but i doubt it , for his accent is bad and his <unk> defective . ” themselves to his brain , like a new design on the <unk> . that all the responsibility fell , for one is not a despotic minister without responsibility . to follow , monsieur . ” , it is myself that i blame , myself that i hate ! of that , athos ? ” as a firm conviction . ” said eugénie with sovereign contempt , <unk> her gloves out one upon the other . heart he had often had a feeling of pity for this unhappy young man who suffered so ; and he laid the	64.43779754638672
request of number 34 before the governor ; but the latter <unk> imagined that dantès wished to conspire or attempt an escape , and refused his request . now , ” said villefort , addressing her , “ that i were a doctor instead of a lawyer . ” said the count , “ come. ” morrel mechanically followed the count , and they had entered the grotto before he perceived it . found for the searching . child ’ s name in his tablets . we have said , perceived a hole in that place and in this hole the steps of a winding staircase . these words , suited , as we have said , the action to the words . ? ” across one ,	76.1893310546875
return for me. ” the patron shook his head . do ? ” not m. de morcerf ’ s , ” murmured mercédès ; “ and since he has been here i have watched him . ” it was once proposed . you to say to me ? ” he resumed ; “ let us return to that subject . ” , count , where you produced such an effect ? ” kept his eyes fixed on the young girl , who gradually fell asleep , yielding to the effects of the narcotic the count had given her . he was saved , for he heard the brigadier <unk> in a loud voice , to the two gendarmes , “ he is not here ! ” but venturing	46.71870422363281
to peep , he perceived that the latter , instead of retiring , as might have been reasonably expected upon this announcement , were watching with increased attention . hastened to take advantage of this permission . that mazarin was the lover of anne of austria . , ” said maximilian , “ or i shall think you did not love me for my own sake , but for yours ; ” and he arose . time perhaps she will follow your advice . ” an ambassador so brave , so magnificent , so elegant , that every woman lost her heart to him ; and the queen had even the indiscretion to give him certain ornaments so rare that they could never be replaced by any like	95.7552261352539
them . was about to speak . to handle a sword ; you have <unk> of iron , a wrist of steel . duty it was to remain in the king ’ s room , attracted by that love of play so powerful in all men , had stolen little by little toward the table , and standing on tiptoe , <unk> , watching the game , over the shoulders of d ’ artagnan and porthos . brain plans so vast , projects so tumultuous , that there remained no room for any capricious or material <unk> sentiment which is fed by leisure and grows with corruption . replied the prince ; “ surely , at the death of mazarin . your horse ? ” , that if	137.94046020507812
it be so , ’ tis an ill turn , and well deserves to bring double evil on those who have projected it . ” with pleasure , if her majesty will permit me to depart . ” yourself , madame puritan , or i ’ ll remove you to a dungeon . cry , and turned round ; then , seeing his son , he fell into his arms , pale and trembling . seized her hand , which convulsively clasped a crystal bottle with a golden <unk> . , monsieur , ” continued the latter , “ we have led the most miserable life imaginable ; for you must know , monsieur , that all our provisions are in the cellar . that is he ;	73.44654846191406
how is it , sir , that you are acquainted with this man ? , and said to himself , “ she will arrive , she says , four or five days after having received the money . gesture on the part of his superior , for fear he might be mistaken ; but this gesture being repeated , he left the ranks , and advanced to receive orders . . ” , ’ said cucumetto , advancing towards the other bandits , ‘ are you coming ? ’ is cast among fools , it is necessary to study folly . story . ” said , “ there is one among you who knows the king , let him approach and say whether it is really his majesty	56.589603424072266
lying there . ” asked d ’ artagnan . good , ” laughed athos . invited me to pass a few days in normandy , and has deputed me , while her son is being <unk> , to go and prepare her residence at rouen ; after which , if nothing new occurs , i shall go and bury myself in my convent at <unk> . ” perfectly easy , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ they will not touch a hair of your head . ” friends fell asleep ; and d ’ artagnan , who was very weary , bade good-night to grimaud and laid himself down in his cloak , with naked sword at his side , in such a manner that his body	70.53168487548828
barricaded the passage , and it should be impossible to enter the room without <unk> him . rock in order to inspect the base on which it had formerly stood . as a sorrowful dream , ” said beauchamp ; “ let it vanish as the last sparks from the blackened paper , and disappear as the smoke from those silent ashes . ” the ringing sensation in his ears , and the madness which turned his brain , villefort rose as he perceived her . ” said mazarin , uneasily . the objects of his search upon the chimney-piece ; they were a pen , ink , and paper . you not ? , i learned that you , the widow of m. de nargonne , had	79.9289321899414
married m. danglars . away ; i can see in the dark . ” and i have pledged my word to him . , my friend ? ” it was ascertained that , by a strange coincidence , this carriage contained the corpse of the marquis de saint-méran , and that those who had come thinking to attend one funeral would follow two . the nearest village or swear to me on your salvation that you will send me the first monk , the first curé , the first priest you may meet . tréville announced this good news to the three musketeers and d ’ artagnan , inviting all four to breakfast with him next morning . athos , “ do you regret you have not shed	83.76807403564453
our blood ? ” not obey the summons till he had satisfied himself that the two men whose conversation he had overheard were at a sufficient distance to prevent his encountering them in his descent . web pages for current donation methods and addresses . and the gracchi , <unk> and out at elbows , with one hand resting on the hip and the other gracefully curved above the head , stared at the traveller , the post-chaise , and the horses ; to these were added about fifty little <unk> from the papal states , who earned a <unk> by <unk> into the tiber at high water from the bridge of st. angelo . mechanically looking behind him , and between the figures of two soldiers he	184.726318359375
could see parry standing up and charles leaning on his elbow with his hands clasped and apparently offering a fervent prayer to god . madame ? ” hear ? ” said villefort , while d ’ avrigny advanced to lead morrel out . hour ? ” said she . s attorney is informed by a friend to the throne and the religious institutions of his country , that one named edmond dantès , mate of the ship _pharaon_ , this day arrived from smyrna , after having touched at naples and porto-ferrajo , has been the bearer of a letter from murat to the usurper , and again taken charge of another letter from the usurper to the bonapartist club in paris . my dear friend , it	94.2286605834961
’ s delightful . ” villefort to valentine , who could not conceal her joy ; “ if m. noirtier wishes to communicate anything which would delay your marriage , i forbid you to understand him . ” day after the arrest of poor bonacieux , as athos had just left d ’ artagnan to report at m. de tréville ’ s , as nine o ’ clock had just struck , and as planchet , who had not yet made the bed , was beginning his task , a knocking was heard at the street door . do not faint ; i avenge myself ! ” , and entered the chamber , where he appeared to be expected . dead with fatigue , but hope supported them	62.38706588745117
. receive visitors today . ” the stairs and in the passage where the doctor would pass . i make my campaign ; upon grimaud ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . . ” are , and get along with you upon your journey , ” replied the duchess , with the gayety which made her so charming , “ for i am sufficiently in bad odor already , without compromising myself still more . ” and a conference . noirtier . second , and began that day to carry out his resolve . said , “ our presence here is the best proof of former friendship ; not one of us has failed the others at this rendezvous ; not one has , therefore , to reproach	76.71475982666016
himself . ” said aramis , “ i am somewhat of porthos ’ s opinion . ” only a few moments . ” ; i have lost all that bound me to life , death smiles and invites me to repose ; i die after my own manner , i die exhausted and <unk> , as i fall asleep when i have paced three thousand times round my cell , —that is thirty thousand steps , or about ten leagues . ” therefore , by the side of danglars , who was more and more charmed with the ideas of order and economy which ruled this man , and yet who , being able to allow his son 60,000 francs a year , might be supposed to possess	88.49156951904297
a fortune of 500,000 or 600,000 livres . amusing ! ” , upon returning home , the first object i met on the staircase was the <unk> jockey in the pink jacket ! from his cupboard the bank-notes and gold he had put there , thrust the one into the pocket of his trousers , and the other into that of his waistcoat , hastily tied up a small bundle of linen , and rushing towards the door , disappeared in the darkness of the night . the same sum as that you have received already . happiness . lens had fallen into the hands of the enemy immediately after raoul ’ s departure . sir , is another proof that good people are never rewarded on this	102.46320343017578
earth , and that none but the wicked prosper . ” continued milady , “ i should long ago have revenged myself on him if , and i don ’ t know why , the cardinal had not requested me to conciliate him . ” signor vampa exercises his profession at this moment in the environs of rome ? ” the table ; then opening it took out a little golden box , the top of which flew open when touched by a secret spring . it , ” continued aramis , “ but the cleverest , the bravest , the most devoted of us four said to me when i left him , ‘ tell the king that to-morrow at ten o ’ clock at night ,	75.86328125
we shall carry him <unk> ’ he has said it and will do it . ” other times ? ” said the queen . , ” said caderousse ; “ one would say you were already in possession of your property . ” speak of them , have you not , my friend ? ” i shall have to make a journey . that this edmond dantès had procured tools , or made them , for they found a tunnel through which the prisoners held communication with one another . ” reminds me that i have a revenge to take . coat , gloves , and <unk> from the first <unk> . think of giving this order till five hours after the <unk> is to say , till	60.161983489990234
two o ’ clock in the <unk> vessels had already left the port , the one bearing , as we know , milady , who , already anticipating the event , was further confirmed in that belief by seeing the black flag flying at the <unk> of the admiral ’ s ship . not only allow it , but boast of it ; it is one of the reasons of my success in commercial business . reply . ? ” said , “ will you conduct the baroness danglars ? ” , let us enter , if you please . ” your mother to take a sword and fight us . ” am starving . in the matter ? years of discretion and become my own master ,	81.0172348022461
i have been constantly seeking him , but all in vain . box of pistols from the carriage . mean ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . bed and turned my nose to the wall , that i <unk> ’ t break my promise and strangle grimaud . ” satisfy himself that he had not been mistaken , that the appointment was at st . , will not be the end of this atrocious misadventure . ” said d ’ artagnan , sighing , “ we are unfortunately no longer in those times in which princes would care to assassinate me . ” conclusion as he entered the antechamber . ! i shall not leave so near the queen that source of discord with which the deceased cardinal	68.46327209472656
so often caused the anger of the king to rage above the boiling point . ” custom , the ramparts of fort saint-jean were covered with spectators ; it is always an event at marseilles for a ship to come into port , especially when this ship , like the _pharaon_ , has been built , <unk> , and laden at the old <unk> <unk> , and belongs to an owner of the city . of twenty-six or twenty-eight years . ” i do not find you the same person at all . ” athos to know if he ought to reply to this intruder who thus mixed <unk> in their conversation . of bethune , sir , and was carrying the holy vessels belonging to his church	110.37757873535156
, and the treasure of the chapter , to a safe place , the prince having abandoned our town yesterday ; and as it was known that bands of the enemy were <unk> about the country , no one dared to accompany the good man , so i offered to do so . ’ artagnan ? ” during the painful hush that followed , a universal shudder pervaded the assembly , and immediately the <unk> attention was given to the orator as he resumed his remarks . woman ? ” he said . me and propose to the chevalier . ” had doubtless been fired at her . much astonished , raised her head to look at him , but his face was so gloomy and terrible that	80.67932891845703
her words <unk> to her lips . very active crew , very obedient to their captain , who lost as little time as possible . don ’ t fight with him it is the same to me with whom i fight . ; ” and without ascending the stairs the guide conducted him by a subterraneous passage to another entrance . ? ” asked the queen . ” whispered the governor , “ it is just as i told you . ” abbé ’ s name ? ’ asked the <unk> <unk> . tréville entered , cool , polite , and in irreproachable costume . gestures . no <unk> least not by name , ” replied madame danglars , “ and the last two or three days we	65.14982604980469
have really talked of nothing but you . but i think you have still a good number of <unk> , sparrow <unk> , and <unk> . ” to me , assuredly . again ? ” asked the countess . looked fatigued , either from tears or want of sleep . , so my company can ’ t do without me ; there ! on madame de villefort ’ s arm . the cardinal : see porthos ? ” cried aramis . would be a real fortune to us , my friend ; let us go back to the jew ’ s again . ” , ” murmured winter , “ and the next day henry iv . pause and continued , “ i have a wife who is	52.882408142089844
seamstress to the queen , monsieur , and who is not deficient in either virtue or beauty . see you again , my dear edmond . it is a sepulcher and nothing else . ” to a large basket which lay in a corner , and made a sign to him to <unk> the viands up in the napkins . , or rather bounded , with outstretched arms , towards the table . to rome letters of introduction to them , and their first question on his arrival was to inquire the whereabouts of his travelling companion . know who they are ? ’ let us go—i must trust to you . ” he , “ you are but a woman and as a woman you may insult	86.36795806884766
men at your ease , knowing that you can do it with impunity . out who and what he is , ” said franz , rising from his seat . , but <unk> his mustache with a peculiar gesture which showed that his fine gascon humor was awake . me , but i resisted . physician , and have , like my fellows , sought more than once for the soul in living and in dead matter ; yet , like providence , it has remained invisible to my eyes , although present to my heart . three former <unk> of that house left it . sire ? ” story . foundation ( “ the foundation ” or pglaf ) , owns a compilation copyright in the collection	124.55139923095703
of project gutenberg™ electronic works . we live in times when there is much to which we must submit . ” who had addressed her remained so completely in the shade , that , though franz tried his utmost , he could not distinguish a single feature . of that floor , as you have done of the ground floor , my boy . ” , ” said porthos . if in prayer . running about with torches . described a circle , and were bringing him back to rome . that seemed never to have been opened since the house was built , so entirely was it covered with dust and dirt ; but the <unk> hinges and locks told quite another story . true ; but	98.53521728515625
<unk> is another thing ; i believe she is detained in france by some love affair . ” hotel and went up into his apartment , intending to watch the spy ; but as he was about to place his gloves and hat on a table , he saw reflected in a glass opposite to him a figure which stood on the threshold of the room . and ordered him to acquaint m. and madame de morcerf of the arrival of the count of monte cristo . say in the opera of ‘ thisbe , ’ ‘ the whole world conspires to break our bonds . ’ ” in paris , then , monsieur porthos ? ” said the procurator ’ s wife . now and tomorrow two	52.549259185791016
roman peasant costumes , ” returned albert . endeavored twice to get up , and fell again twice . that this term , milady , is only properly used when followed by a family name . hear , bowed to his mother , and quitted her . had broken her spirit ; it was not a want of courage which rendered her poverty <unk> . the difficulties of the case ; it was the honor of m. de morcerf , and that of the whole house , he proposed to defend , by <unk> a debate on personal questions , which are always such painful <unk> of discussion . , the trip had been sufficiently successful to satisfy all concerned ; while the crew , and particularly jacopo	120.06737518310547
, expressed great regrets that dantès had not been an equal sharer with themselves in the profits , which amounted to no less a sum than fifty piastres each . do you only wear such a fine golden baldric to suspend a sword of straw from it ? . tree , and with that scrutinizing glance which was so rarely deceived , looked up and down the avenue , examined the passers-by , and carefully looked down the neighboring streets , to see that no one was concealed . journal last <unk> wait , and read for yourself. ” and albert handed over the paper to the count , who read as follows : the ground and resumed his labor . comte , ” replied the old man	124.74890899658203
, “ had any misfortune happened to you , i should never have dared to show myself to the marshal again . ” active links to , or other immediate access to , the full project gutenberg™ license must appear prominently whenever any copy of a project gutenberg™ work ( any work on which the phrase “ project gutenberg ” appears , or with which the phrase “ project gutenberg ” is associated ) is accessed , displayed , performed , viewed , copied or distributed : beseech you , —let us strive to be cheerful . ” been no less thick a veil before the eyes of those to whom faria offered the treasures . time mute and motionless ; at length he said : fuse burn	144.28250122070312
? ” asked this person . gentleman , you shall have no cause to repent of your confidence . ” him , then ? ” and cemented the pedestal upon which his fortune was based . whose confessor i am , ’ replied he , ‘ and who entertains a high regard for me , applied to me a short time since to procure him a confidential servant . calm his fears , —and instead of dwelling upon the political future that had so often been the subject of his ambitious dreams , was imagining a future limited to the enjoyments of home , in fear of awakening the enemy that had so long slept , —the noise of a carriage sounded in the yard , then he	130.9098358154297
heard the steps of an aged person ascending the stairs , followed by tears and lamentations , such as servants always give vent to when they wish to appear interested in their master ’ s grief . all my protestations , if it be as i suspect , my cunning gossip will assure me that he holds his eminence in horror . ” say that my <unk> amounted to 5,000 francs . had arrived , summoned up all his courage , held his breath , and would have been happy if at the same time he could have repressed the throbbing of his veins . valentine , “ he has not even breakfasted . , when the eyes of the king fell upon him , he sustained the	107.17676544189453
look with so much firmness that it was the king who dropped his eyes ; after which his majesty , grumbling , entered his apartment . between ourselves , she did this in order to distract her mind , that she might forget ; and she only filled her head in order to alleviate the weight on her heart . seen there but mendicants devouring their crusts , and children at play . of his subordinates , and amongst them dantès ’ jailer . endeavored to catch your eye , but could not . this extreme delicacy , made his bow and went away , proceeding with a characteristic british stride towards the street mentioned . went out , while planchet was sent to inquire if there were	167.24488830566406
not three horses for sale in the neighborhood . to say that it would not be a good match ? ” worth more to be viewed with an angry eye than not to be seen at all . d ’ artagnan to himself , “ i have got one more enemy . ” father ? ” was wrapped a new-born child . which shook the solid wall , and by the aid of his friend ’ s hand gained the summit . me to conceal their names for the present ; they were speaking in an undertone , and yet i was so interested in what they said that i did not lose a single word . ” the cardinal with a stupefied air . replying , feeling	58.766231536865234
his desire to don the musketeer ’ s uniform vastly increased by the great difficulties which preceded the <unk> of it . , ” answered the young man , much moved . the one with which i gather my <unk> ’ ‘ lend it to us , and go into your house again ; there is a crown for the annoyance we have caused you . albert with affectionate courtesy , “ the count of château-renaud knew how much pleasure this introduction would give me ; you are his friend , be ours also . ” talk to her , she so delights in your conversation . ” , ” said athos , shrugging his shoulders ; “ i should like to know what you would say if	71.64588165283203
i were to relate to you a real tale of love ! ” the more reason why we should not abandon the august head so threatened . ” ” whispered caderousse , “ you have deceived me—the trick you spoke of last night has been played ; but i can not suffer a poor old man or an innocent girl to die of grief through your fault . took these weapons for <unk> , and believed them to be buttoned ; but he soon perceived by certain scratches that every weapon was pointed and sharpened , and that at each of these scratches not only the spectators , but even the actors themselves , laughed like so many madmen . remember , ” replied the countess . d	152.84352111816406
’ artagnan , who were consulting together . <unk> . for you to know it , monsieur broussel , who knows everything ; but as for me , by holy truth , i did not know it and i thought i would give you good advice ; you must not be angry with me for that , monsieur broussel . ” doctor , ” said villefort with indescribable joy ; “ i never had a better friend than you. ” and , as if he feared doctor d ’ avrigny would recall his promise , he hurried him towards the house . greatest importance , that demands my immediate presence in paris . said the inspector , “ if he had been rich , he would not have	51.550472259521484
been here . ” particular message for me ? ” . that they have sent for you , both for the same thing ? ” <unk> ruined ! ” cellar the key of which never leaves him ; only this cellar has a ventilating hole . longer beside me i am afraid every moment of erring . said athos , “ you forget that you committed a very different kind of imprudence in pronouncing lord de winter ’ s name . do the rest of his time ? ” me . gun by the barrel , and used it as he would a club . monseigneur ; but afterwards ? ” shall i repeat to you some of my verses ? ” not endowed with great perspicacity ,	87.45719146728516
did not observe the expression which his words had given to the physiognomy of the stranger . black and with his habitual simplicity ; his white waistcoat displayed his expansive noble chest and his black stock was singularly <unk> because of its contrast with the deadly paleness of his face . ? that is the name , certainly . became serious when he had cast his eyes upon the paper . take my pay at this moment , to the full extent of my wishes . ” wish , or rather my determination . get over the surprise created in him by this minister , who thus <unk> , sported with men and millions . hiding-place , where he had remained quite unperceived , so great had been	122.30233764648438
the general confusion . the count . embroidered , and had a coronet and arms at one of its corners . gentleman can die . ” without comprehending them ; he might have been executed at that moment without his making a single gesture in his own defense or uttering a cry to implore mercy . may you have to say against this name ? ” inquired albert ; “ it is a very pretty name , and the adventures of the gentleman of that name amused me very much in my youth , i must confess . ” was going on when he saw franz quit the cemetery with m. de villefort . d ’ artagnan was morally and physically an exact copy of the hero of	78.65849304199219
<unk> , to whom we so happily compared him when our duty of an <unk> placed us under the necessity of <unk> his portrait . which recalled to him so many royal souvenirs , whither had come so many courtiers , the scene of so much flattering homage , alone with a despairing servant , whose feeble soul could afford no support to his own , the king at last yielded to sorrow , and his courage sank to a level with that feebleness , those shadows , and that wintry cold . ? ” he murmured , as he stepped into the oblong and grated vehicle which they call “ the <unk> basket . ” me , i prefer hannibal . ” was my mother . ”	179.1361541748047
foundation is a non-profit 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the internal revenue service . towards his mother-in-law , for it was she . , and then drew back as if she had seen a serpent . one else polish my arms . unhappy mistake chance for providence . before morrel . to her ? ” said morcerf in an undertone . change , analogous to the change in his dress ; his figure had grown <unk> and , as it were , <unk> . ? ” worthy neighbor , caderousse , ” said dantès , “ he is so easily mistaken . ” for you to come back ,	115.3605728149414
la ramee , and i was eager to see you again . ” there ? monte cristo , “ i recognized him . ” ” murmured d ’ avrigny , “ the most selfish of all animals , the most personal of all creatures , who believes the earth turns , the sun shines , and death strikes for him alone , —an ant cursing god from the top of a blade of grass ! that evening . to be hanged in your true name , milady ? said the man , “ you are fully persuaded of my entire devotion to you , are you not ? ” , but sitting down at the table made a sign that la ramee should seat himself opposite . joy	76.97492218017578
soon forsook the young man , and was succeeded by a still greater grief . length had d ’ artagnan in her power , that she was present at his execution ; and it was the sight of his odious blood , flowing beneath the ax of the headsman , which spread that charming smile upon her lips . exclaimed at the same moment athos and aramis , <unk> as they addressed the duc de beaufort , whilst d ’ artagnan and porthos stepped backward . has not treated me as the master of the house , —the only title i desire with respect to you ; there is not one , in fact , who would have dared to speak of me as i have spoken of	71.77410888671875
them this day . ” of father marteau are described . d ’ artagnan , “ what did i tell you ? the left , and you are looking to the right ; i mean on my <unk> , there . became weary of the king , granted this leave of absence with great pleasure to his royal lieutenant , who promised to return about the fifteenth of september . asked milady . , count ! ” his feet and chatting about the last races at chantilly , he waited until they announced his room to be ready . like no . going ; may you be happy , monsieur , ” and grimaud saluted and turned toward the door to go out . paris all day long	74.96725463867188
, ” said athos , “ and if we have no news this evening we will return to the road to picardy ; and i feel no doubt that , thanks to d ’ artagnan ’ s ready invention , we shall then find some clew which will solve our doubts . ” ! ” explained porthos , stepping forward . without speaking . <unk> , radiant as at a fete . . ” said the king in a low voice . to speak to him . ” dull . ” , more especially the latter , had reason to feel anxious . of the side wings of the gallery , after making a sign to porthos to explore the other , he saw , all at once	53.076171875
, at his left , a tub containing an orange tree , which had been pushed out of its place and in its place an open aperture . and m. de la trémouille ’ s people retreated into the hôtel , the doors of which they closed just in time to prevent their enemies from entering with them . something ? ” added athos , coolly . is an official secret ; but if you have any commissions for paris , a friend of mine is going there tonight , and will with pleasure undertake them. ” the guests looked at each other . passed the three men , but turned back immediately , and d ’ artagnan walked straight up to the butcher and touching him on	109.11182403564453
the chest with the tip of his finger , said to athos : ” replied the governor . was indeed critical , and recent events had added to his difficulties . fire in the rooms adjoining the very apartment of the lovely carmela . like a common criminal by the hand of the london executioner ? ” he , “ the count and yourself recompense too generously a simple action . gone ? ’ asked monsieur de cavois . , and the chain ran rattling through the <unk> . the noise of a troop of horsemen , ” exclaimed porthos , leaning over his horse ’ s mane . at the door , while the eyes of the personage we have just described were fixed upon him ,	84.20089721679688
and appeared to wish to penetrate even into the depths of the past . world . ” him . ” answered d ’ artagnan , “ i wish you joy of it . , and if you will come thither , i beg you to make haste , for we have lost much time already . ? ” of this benedetto ? ” ” said the three musketeers . clear as when i have had plenty of wine . , who is full of invention , would find some way to save the king . suspended over the abyss by a ladder of ropes . dear d ’ artagnan ; ’ tis off one of my sheep . ” pay ? ” , ” he said , thrusting	45.61305618286133
his hand through the opening , “ where are we going ? ” any exaggeration , is your mother really so very much averse to this marriage ? ” of the line ; then all the superior officers approached him to pay their compliments , m. dessessart , captain of the guards , as well as the others . finding him there , we left him alone . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ will lend his , which is of no use to him , to the comte de la fere . ” ” said the duke , “ give some particulars of the plan for our escape . ” the queen , “ it has been refused . ” ” said d ’ artagnan ,	33.684349060058594
in the ear of athos . any moment withdrawn , and if i had employed it for another purpose , i should bring on me a disgraceful bankruptcy . was seeking to preserve him from some misfortune which threatened him . and read the article to which albert pointed in an undertone . i invited them to a dinner the next day , ” replied aramis . ; favorable yesterday , she may turn her back tomorrow . ” , that damned cardinal , ” continued aramis , glancing at the portrait of the old minister . in particular , these signs were so strong in d ’ artagnan and his two friends that they could not remain quiet in one place , and wandered about like ghosts	96.57083129882812
on the road by which planchet was expected . chamber , and served them with fresh eggs and some water , which athos went himself to draw at the fountain . ” returned rochefort , as he spoke endeavoring to read in that subtle countenance the cardinal ’ s motive . you have been saying to that <unk> ? ” exclaimed porthos . pistol . one <unk> we begin by the coadjutor . cheerful . as it appeared , had smelled unusual perfumes in the house , were of military punctuality , and held their stools in hand quite ready to sit down . , and my stomach feels as if it were struggling to get accustomed to <unk> ” noirtier did not lose a word of what	113.00227355957031
valentine said . ; the father will never repay it . thanks , and took away their prey . next time we meet , ” cried chatillon , and he set off , full gallop . resembles him , because he works by secret springs , and moves by hidden ways . in truth , at that epoch , four devoted hearts , four loyal spirits , four faithful swords , who saved more than my <unk> honor—— ” an air from <unk> , went to sit down on a bench , while bertuccio followed him , collecting his thoughts . an instant , mute , pensive and motionless ; then , as he went in , he saw the fair madeleine , his hostess , standing on	161.55328369140625
the threshold . ! ” this idea , which , from what he had heard , was not wanting in probability . right , planchet ; all this appears to be a little mysterious ; and be assured that we will not pay him our rent until the matter shall be <unk> explained to us . ” yards in the street when he perceived that he was followed by a man , wrapped in a large cloak . feet from here , in advance , ” said d ’ artagnan . meung ; then de wardes , to whom i have given three sword wounds ; next milady , whose secret i have discovered ; finally , the cardinal , whose vengeance i have <unk> . ” for	63.32529830932617
nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works , reports , <unk> and research . breath , and then dived , in order to avoid being seen . a little , i hope , ” replied athos , in a tone of emotion . , then ? ” he asked himself , trembling more than the <unk> cloth he was holding back . going to do there ? ” , that i was just nineteen when i was arrested , the 28th of february , 1815 . ” placed in the <unk> of the boat , between the gendarmes , while the officer stationed himself at the bow ; a <unk> sent the boat <unk> , and four <unk> oarsmen impelled it rapidly towards the <unk> .	76.28337097167969
should evince our resignation to the will of heaven ; on the contrary , we are all free agents . ” prayers , sobs , and imprecations had changed it so that at times it was of a singularly penetrating sweetness , and at others rough and almost hoarse . morrel , falling from the height of excitement to the abyss of <unk> “ ah , you are playing with me , like those good , or rather selfish mothers who soothe their children with <unk> words , because their screams annoy them . wrong , ” said monte cristo , “ but you should take into consideration the youth and <unk> of the delinquent . ” , you will permit me to call to <unk> ! ”	120.07533264160156
said porthos ; “ and his guardian , what would he have said to that ? ” him responsible for the evils that hung over them . instant ’ s observation he heard the noise of a vehicle , and saw milady ’ s carriage stop opposite to him . will do capitally . ” have made himself familiar with his surroundings . of selfishness , and so i always say to la carconte , when she complains , ‘ hold your tongue , woman ; it is the will of <unk> ’ ” and caderousse bowed his head with every sign of real repentance . them , my lord , or do you think they have been stolen ? ” . ” to your friend , tell	94.37525177001953
him he may sleep in peace . ’ ” any means , ” said the young man ; “ i was born for a diplomatist . ” said . morning that , tired of letting his property lie <unk> in italy , which is a dead nation , he wished to find a method , either in france or england , of multiplying his millions , but remember , that though i place great confidence in busoni , i am not responsible for this . ” be the use of mixing a woman up in the affair ? —what can she do in it ? ” only . not my secret ; i must not , therefore , tell you . ” lady ’ s maid , and	81.02534484863281
, weak as she was , she dressed , in order to be ready for whatever might happen . did he ask you , ‘ who is m. albert de morcerf ? smile on his lips , and murmuring that last word of human philosophy , “ perhaps ! ” he said . today , and for the remainder of the carnival , i leave the carriage entirely at your disposal . leisure moments the worthy man was a poacher ? ” who will have the honor of remitting this letter to your majesty , is the friend of my son , who owes to him his life ; he is a gentleman in whom your majesty may confide entirely , in case your majesty may have some	70.23332977294922
verbal or written order to remit to me . sum . ” ineffaceable infamy ! ’ marseilles , ’ said dantès , —for you understand , i repeat his words just as he uttered them . aramis , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you must be taking me for some one else . ” , but find me a better one or give me the means of living . ” had never felt any remorse . and at the corner of rue montmartre saw the hostess coming along hanging to the arm of an enormous swiss , who <unk> in his walk with a magnificent air which pleasantly reminded him of his old friend porthos . disgrace to your friend to have been deceived ; beppo	99.0809555053711
has taken in plenty of others . ” can not be far off , only the doors are locked . ” ” replied athos . said aramis , “ imagined that i had given almost my last sou to the church of montdidier and the jesuits of amiens , with whom i had made engagements which i ought to have kept . s all one , ” said the host ; “ i have lost two customers , but this one remains , of whom i am pretty certain for some days to come . to a mysterious and fatal influence which that name had over them ; the mere sound of it filled them with terror . was not hasty . the means of approaching the scaffold	81.2612533569336
itself , and he will deliver the official order to the officer , who , in his turn , will hand it to the executioner ; in the meantime , it will be as well to acquaint peppino with what we have determined on , if it be only to prevent his dying of fear or losing his senses , because in either case a very useless expense will have been incurred . ” young man bade him conduct the stranger to m. morrel ’ s apartment . , the transteverin was no other than the bandit luigi vampa himself , and the man <unk> in the mantle the same he had known as “ sinbad the sailor , ” but who , no doubt , was still	91.94110107421875
pursuing his philanthropic expedition in rome , as he had already done at porto-vecchio and tunis . aramis , “ that is the nephew , the monk , and the son of milady , as he says himself . ” an imperceptible smile and began . place where it was not very cold , ” replied porthos , giving his mustache a <unk> which was peculiar to him . exclaimed the gascon , surprised . an ordinary one . ” , there is not a moment to lose ; we must let the king know immediately . ” would see monsieur de la fere at his . ” was as strong as a judith or a <unk> . this woman . ambition ! ” replied d ’ artagnan	48.18745422363281
, with feverish volubility . who waited at the door , and that carriage with a coachman in grand livery who sat waiting on his seat ? ” from the château d ’ if , and they are firing the alarm gun , ” replied dantès . no grottos at monte cristo ? ” he asked . , who were close to him ? ” like the _pharaon_ , came from calcutta , had been in for a fortnight , while no intelligence had been received of the _pharaon_ . heard all . who am mad , and you prove to me that passion blinds the most <unk> . an old shoe . ” replied madame de villefort ; “ and yet it appears to me , sir	68.92643737792969
, that if i had met you anywhere , the recollection of you must have been imprinted on my memory . ” gentlemen , ’ cried i , ‘ what do you want ? ’ ‘ you must have a ladder ? ’ said he who appeared to be the leader of the party . vaugirard ; 75 in the rue de la harpe . ” they have remained upon this small promontory , on which they had settled like a flight of <unk> , without mixing with the marseillaise population , <unk> , and preserving their original customs and the costume of their <unk> as they have preserved its language . really suspected us , monseigneur , and we were undergoing a real interrogatory . leaders of	87.80895233154297
the fronde he had not gone so far but that retreat was possible should the court offer him the advantages for which he was ambitious and to which the <unk> was but a <unk> . after your health and to take your orders . ” the contrary , that it is a charming night , ” replied the countess , “ and those who are here will complain of but one thing , that of its too rapid flight . ” you ? ” replied he ; “ i am , like yourself , utterly bewildered at all that is going on , and can not in the least make out what it is <unk> ” caderousse then looked around for fernand , but he had disappeared .	61.423038482666016
the chamber in which she changed her toilet . ” about , but that ’ s of no consequence to us , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ let us ride onward . ” at cours la reine , you find no one , you must go on to saint germain . edward on her knees , and from time to time pressed this child , on whom her affections appeared centred , almost convulsively to her bosom . the height of joy ; he had realized the plan he had imagined beforehand , whose <unk> had produced the smiles we noted upon his face . without revealing anything to his brother . same grave and measured step he would have employed in entering a court of	112.01515197753906
justice . persists in looking upon you as the most incomprehensible and mysterious of beings . ” of the guards have been in the trenches tonight , and that you did not get much the best of the rochellais . ” . in vain to grant us this favor , but the whole affair has had a mysterious meaning that we can not <unk> have been guided by an invisible hand , —a hand as powerful as that of an enchanter . ” from a man without a heart . have said , had been retained beforehand , and thus he had but to go to signor pastrini ’ s hotel . athos . ” not think the morcerfs would yield to the cavalcanti ? ” on my	77.1574478149414
own account , i shall always find a resource ; my books , my pencils , my piano , all the things which cost but little , and which i shall be able to procure , will remain my own . eminence , although i possess not your wisdom . , and all the house had the same regard for d ’ artagnan that one would have for hercules should he return to earth to repeat his twelve labors . ’ artagnan appeared at the door , followed by the inseparable porthos . hotel having followed them , they had paid two conductors , nor is it possible , at rome , to avoid this abundant supply of guides ; besides the ordinary _cicerone_ , who seizes upon	120.32758331298828
you directly you set foot in your hotel , and never quits you while you remain in the city , there is also a special _cicerone_ belonging to each <unk> , almost to each part of a monument . hold in check the mob ; go , and lose not a moment . friend , ” said edmond , desirous of not yielding to the old man ’ s madness . centred in the business of the stage , like all unsophisticated natures , delighted in whatever addressed itself to the eye or ear . you are on the side of monsieur de beaufort ; that will be the most sincere line of conduct , ” said mazarin . powerless though furious wave , was broken against the	131.99314880371094
strong ascendancy which mercédès exercised over him . for you ? ” asked athos . terrible a poison ? ” he would consider a little thing like that ? ” again ? albert , as i have promised to do it . ” the wounded man into a room . some precautions to conceal himself , porthos believed he had not been seen . of him ? ” go ! ” said mme . effect the opening of the cupboard , of which the lock was difficult , the person was pricked by this small point , and died next day . debray , who was present at the explanation . ” know anything about that , ” replied renée ; “ but , m. de villefort ,	46.9509162902832
you have promised <unk> you not ? —always to show mercy to those i plead for . ” garden , built in the heavy style of the imperial architecture , was the large and fashionable dwelling of the count and countess of morcerf . ” said athos , “ i think i was wrong not to let you fire . ” said caderousse . feast that began so gayly had a very sorrowful ending ; a police commissary , followed by four soldiers , entered , and dantès was arrested . ” very well ; not only him , but some of his friends , messieurs porthos and aramis ! ” which has made people hold their tongues , but has not made me their friend . ”	102.90303802490234
the count of monte cristo , illustrated it , who knows whether monsieur cardinal has not a secret to interrogate ashes ? ” ” latter . , and i thought it might console you all a little to have a share in the matter . , sir ? ” idea what became of them ? ’ — ‘ yes , sir ; i heard they had fallen victims to their sorrow , and , perhaps , to their poverty . count seized with his left hand the assassin ’ s wrist , and wrung it with such strength that the knife fell from his stiffened fingers , and caderousse uttered a cry of pain . us can ’ t go out from here purely and simply . ”	83.02234649658203
which , upon a sign from grimaud , monsieur de beaufort had consented to play , began in the afternoon . the contrary , quite full of his plans of <unk> and courtesy , approached the young men with a profound bow , accompanied by a most gracious smile . ” returned franz , “ or i shall go myself and bargain with your <unk> , who is mine also ; he is an old friend of mine , who has plundered me pretty well already , and , in the hope of making more out of me , he will take a less price than the one i offer you ; you will lose the preference , and that will be your fault . ” . us	63.61848068237305
? ” exclaimed the young man . occurred to the duke . obey , sir ! ” cried broussel , trying to <unk> himself from the grasp of his two daughters and by a look restrain his son , who seemed determined to dispute authority . , do you sleep there ? ” they never ceased speaking of athos and aramis . caring little , as he said , for the beauties of the eternal city , ordered post-horses at noon . ” me true ? ” asked the wounded man . overheard his conversation yesterday and he wants to get us away from paris . ” , ” said he , “ we appear to pass rather gay nights ! said the guard , “ i have	59.17720031738281
simply mentioned the prophecy i heard from a man named coysel , who believes that , be he ever so closely watched and guarded , the duke of beaufort will escape before whitsuntide . ” by her manner , that her uneasiness was not feigned ; and franz himself could not resist a feeling of superstitious <unk> much the stronger in him , as it arose from a variety of <unk> recollections , while the terror of the countess sprang from an instinctive belief , originally created in her mind by the wild tales she had listened to till she believed them truths . i shall have the honor to inform you of it . conceal your journey from me , and yet i knew of your arrival	155.66920471191406
half an hour after you had passed the barrier . has been so with other <unk> , for instance , who was not half so bad as napoleon , had his partisans and advocates . ” franz . only one of them for the time being . ” trot and took the road to the louvre , which they entered . 79 . for saint germain , followed by porthos . _ ” said he , rising , “ you come in the nick of time , gentlemen . , blockhead ? ” would have made him pass for an elegant man , if those clothes had not been torn to shreds ; still they did not show signs of wear , and the fine cloth , beneath	82.55726623535156
the careful hands of the prisoner , soon recovered its gloss in the parts which were still perfect , for the <unk> tried his best to make it assume the appearance of a new coat . a man double his age ? ” interrupted tréville . m. de busigny . power , therefore ; take as large an escort as you like . ” cabbage with arsenic , he had watered it this time with a solution of salts , having their basis in strychnine , <unk> <unk> , as the learned term it . countenance there was more to fear than i had thought . traversed the gloomy passage leading to the cavern . at some distance from his friends , darted a scrutinizing glance into every	176.18382263183594
carriage that appeared , but saw no face with which he was acquainted . , and they are arrested ; so that at the end of two or three days they have in their power almost all the <unk> of the establishment . to have been the cause of your undergoing such severe <unk> ; let us drop the subject , and adopt the middle course of delay , which implies neither a rupture nor an engagement . the end of a cord the three articles designated and let them down to planchet , who then went satisfied to his shed . is dead ! ” replied d ’ avrigny , in a voice terrible in its solemn calmness . one ? ” ready to tell everything ,	89.45995330810547
” cried bonacieux , “ at least , all that i know . these precautions , i remained for some time in a terrible agitation of mind . disobey me ? ” you like . ” at this strange man , whose brilliant courage made him the equal of the bravest , and who was , by his fine and quick intelligence , the equal of the most astute . sword , and sprang toward the door . announce to you the departure of my messenger . ” ? ” asked madame danglars , shuddering . ” returned the italian . the count , “ your feeble spirit will not even grant me the trial i request ? at the two iron handles by which the machine was	51.59585952758789
worked . soup , and you will dine with me . ” entrance of the rue sainte <unk> , and their horses were fastened to the rings of the arcade . that treat when breakfasting with you , ” said morcerf . can not survive without widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment . and instead of a finger , dipped his whole hand in . to us , <unk> i say it ? —to you also . ” d ’ artagnan , “ and yet i am certain it is not the first time i have	124.7835922241211
seen that visage . ” , i know ; but you also know that with the help of god men have often conquered the most terrible demons . to porthos , faith , that ’ s a droll affair ! ” reckon your outfit will cost ? ” said d ’ artagnan . would prevent the villain from the attempt , and m. de monte cristo would lose the opportunity of discovering an enemy whom chance has revealed to him who now sends this warning to the count , —a warning he might not be able to send another time , if this first attempt should fail and another be made . ’ ” , have made this match ? ” asked beauchamp . possessed of that strange	95.27490997314453
character which has so often made me tremble ! ” discovered . ” a bed , a chair , a table , a <unk> , and a jug . he still in prison ? ” with him again in the course of our history , it may be well for our readers to be made at once acquainted with him . ” replied monte cristo ; “ i follow you . ” seven or eight steps after the chief , who drew back a bolt and opened a door . ” replied the prince . ’ artagnan , turning toward the door , which had just opened , “ here is monsieur du vallon , who comes with his coat torn . ” being raised to the dignity	33.9811897277832
of landlord , thought he would make all ready , like an intelligent man ; and with this view called in the assistance of the lackey of one of his master ’ s guests , named fourreau , and the false soldier who had tried to kill d ’ artagnan and who , belonging to no corps , had entered into the service of d ’ artagnan , or rather of planchet , after d ’ artagnan had saved his life . ” said villefort ; “ instructions have been given . when he sends for you , you must let me put on your clothes ; i will go in your stead ; i will strangle him , and upon my honor , if that is made	58.531288146972656
a condition i will return to prison . ” ! ” going out at that moment ; they heard the cause of the disturbance . ” porthos exclaimed . upon , and so ascertain if the thing be true or not . ” one had touched <unk> a beautiful <unk> my father had planted the day i was born , which overshadowed the spot . some little writing for me—the least bit of paper which may show that you come in his name . andrea , “ why do you not act on the advice you gave me ? young men had become fraternal . would possess an interest for you , sir , who have always entertained a great affection for valentine ; it therefore only now	92.36553955078125
remains for us to tell you the name of the young man for whom she is destined . ; —well , you are right , for if you indulged in such reflections , you would never risk your principal , which is to the speculator what the skin is to civilized man . carriage ? ” he asked the sergeant . fog in that detestable country , at least so d ’ artagnan declares . ” ; instead of <unk> about the torments of hell i talk of the joys of paradise . die ! ” of lord leven , i raised it and saw all , heard all ! ” athos , “ it is not raoul about whom i am anxious , for i trust he	90.5340805053711
will conduct himself like a gentleman ; and if he is <unk> , he will die <unk> ; but <unk> such a misfortune <unk> ” athos passed his hand across his pale brow . ” replied peppino , solemn as a quaker . caderousse , “ why don ’ t you come ? you know how many would be punished who now escape . ” i , ‘ my good gentleman , i have a horse to sell , <unk> ’ ‘ ay , and a very fine one ! and <unk> <unk> the <unk> who has tried to put on his own head a crown which he stole from under a <unk> the scoundrel who calls his party the party of the <unk> wants to send the	79.869873046875
princes of the blood to prison , not daring to kill them , as our great <unk> cardinal <unk> the miser , who weighs his gold pieces and keeps the <unk> ones for fear , though he is rich , of losing them at play next <unk> the impudent fellow who insults the queen , as they <unk> much the worse for <unk> who is going in three months to make war upon us , in order that he may retain his pensions ; is that the master whom you propose to me ? was arranged ? ” where raoul had been but once ; at the court , which raoul had never seen ; his follies as page ; two duels , which he had already found	162.9792938232422
the means of fighting , in spite of the edicts against them and , more especially , in spite of his tutor ’ s <unk> things excited the greatest curiosity in raoul . joke , let me ask ? me , sir , if you speak to me , as you say , with <unk> then you will do me the honor to esteem the resemblance of our opinions ; but if you have entertained any doubt , as naturally you may , i feel that i am ruining myself by speaking the truth . was fired and a ball passed through the hat of comminges and broke the arm of one of the guards . ready , one written by herself , the other by her daughter	83.05948638916016
, the princess henrietta . monte cristo ; “ but , unfortunately , a recipe excellent for a man like myself would be very dangerous applied to an army , which might not awake when it was needed . ” stove roared , the pretty madeleine wept ; d ’ artagnan felt himself invaded by hunger , cold and love . of his court in his own vast <unk> ; but his father , a sun <unk> <unk> , left his personal splendor to each of his favorites , his individual value to each of his courtiers . morrel . the cardinal made a sign to his esquire and the three musketeers to halt . them that you have full confidence in me , and they will not	96.8310317993164
be more incredulous than you . ” ” his salute , accompanying this courtesy with a loud hurrah which was audible to the four ; after which all four disappeared in the bastion , whither grimaud had preceded them . had abandoned him and fell back , groaning , upon his bed . pardon me , madame ; but in this circumstance i am but the instrument which the king employs . , ” said d ’ artagnan . prince is beaten , since he can no longer fight . he , sighing , “ that is not very surprising ; i have been more than a year absent from paris , and my clothes are of a most antiquated cut ; the count takes me for a	96.47403717041016
provincial . in . i thank you ; now leave us alone , mr. felton . ” , his position , his fortune , and more than once , when he consulted the look of the paralytic , that look answered , “ that is good , proceed . ” into the house , heard a sigh that was almost a deep sob ; he looked in the direction whence it came , and there under an arbor of <unk> <unk> with its thick foliage and beautiful long purple flowers , he saw mercédès seated , with her head bowed , and weeping bitterly . was <unk> among the first gentlemen of the kingdom ; and d ’ artagnan , followed by a lackey , and traveling with	78.06024932861328
four magnificent horses , despite the simplicity of his uniform , could not fail to make a sensation . my dear fellow , why master pastrycooks never work with their hands ? ” was heard working away incessantly , when suddenly an unexpected noise resounded in the passage . electronic work is derived from texts not protected by u.s. copyright law ( does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder ) , the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the united states without paying any fees or charges . the steward with a strange expression . ” he said , and put it in his pocket . , my god ! ” cried milady ; “ when	86.99493408203125
i supplicate thee to pour upon this man the chastisement which is his due , thou knowest it is not my own vengeance i pursue , but the deliverance of a whole nation that i implore ! ” departure strange and foolish , ” said the young man ; “ you do not know how a paragraph in a newspaper may exasperate one . on arriving in town the duke would slacken his pace , but it was not so . go back on my word , and i will give 45,000 . ’ . ” then , as you wish , sweet angel ; god has sustained me in my struggle with my enemies , and has given me this reward ; he will not let me	102.71366119384766
end my triumph in suffering ; i wished to punish myself , but he has pardoned me . to do , my friend ? ” asked morrel , arresting his hand . , a <unk> , and purveyor of the harem of his highness , acknowledge having received for transmission to the sublime emperor , from the french lord , the count of monte cristo , an emerald valued at eight hundred thousand francs ; as the ransom of a young christian slave of eleven years of age , named haydée , the acknowledged daughter of the late lord ali tepelini , pasha of yanina , and of vasiliki , his favorite ; she having been sold to me seven years previously , with her mother , who	102.84030151367188
had died on arriving at constantinople , by a french colonel in the service of the vizier ali tepelini , named fernand mondego . men already . ” , lame <unk> . ” abbé alone with caderousse , who had not yet revived . , ” said d ’ artagnan . nor your friends , and i don ’ t think you could gather all that dust that i saw planchet brush off your boots yesterday from the pavement of paris . ” presumed , on receiving his letter , milady in a delirium of joy had told her servant everything ; and by way of recompense for the manner in which she had this time executed the commission , she had given kitty a purse . from	113.59969329833984
those who love us . ” ? ” are intending to propose to me ; but i can not accept it , <unk> son would not permit it . ” ? she was a young girl ; i married her in opposition to the wishes of all my family ; i gave her my wealth , i gave her my name ; and one day i discovered that this woman was <unk> woman was marked with a _fleur-de-lis_ on her left shoulder . ” a <unk> <unk> between incredulity and joy . ” returned the count , with surprise . ” said he , “ will the restoration adopt imperial methods so promptly ? thus without anyone to attach you to life ? ” ” cried mazarin ,	65.65567016601562
“ you are breaking your word to me ! ” story . ” , ” said de comminges , knocking against the wall . him , albert ? not dead . ” more . him with their agile swords . can do will be to <unk> the truth of the contents of your <unk> ” and , sitting down , villefort wrote the certificate at the bottom . one of the oldest and most powerful families of the fifteenth century ; and in those times , when other opportunities for <unk> were wanting , such <unk> of gold and jewels were by no means rare ; there are at this day roman families perishing of hunger , though possessed of nearly a million in diamonds and jewels ,	107.18167114257812
handed down by entail , and which they can not touch . ” society does he belong ? ” ” i also long for forgetfulness ? ’ artagnan , ” said planchet proudly . do we start ? ” the last struggle ? ” asked m. d ’ avrigny . moment when you were drawing up an indictment for a capital crime ? ” it to the vote , when the president resumed : ‘ gentlemen and you , monsieur , —you will not be displeased , i presume , to listen to one who calls himself a very important witness , and who has just presented himself . morrel , “ one quits a dungeon in a week , a month , or a year . ”	67.45106506347656
be alarmed , you will only have lost him as you have lost your daughter ; i mean that i shall be travelling on one of the thirty or forty roads leading out of france . continued he , repeating the count ’ s words “ i should have been a dead <unk> dead . ” <unk> , ” observed eugénie ; “ she would look far better if she wore <unk> , and we should then be able to see her finely formed throat and wrists . ” so drunk as he appears to be , ” said danglars . ” stammered the nurse . the condition of affairs . in the general terms of use part of this license , apply to copying and distributing project	89.80747985839844
gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the project gutenberg™ concept and trademark . one whom you could prefer , i would not be so <unk> ” ’ artagnan . ” the young girl with the velvet eyes . a sou of his companions , although his purse was ever at their service ; and when he had played upon honor , he always awakened his creditor by six o ’ clock the next morning to pay the debt of the preceding evening . <unk> ! ” repeated monte cristo ; “ and what was his mania ? ” to the door of the captain ’ s cabin , which was half open , and i saw him give the packet and letter to dantès . ” them , and	48.1715087890625
this person , hearing the rustling of a silk dress , turned around . progress , however , sufficed to disperse the gloomy fancies that had clouded the young man ’ s bright anticipations ; and the hitherto <unk> pleasure of <unk> pleasure which is sweet even to those who have never known <unk> to raoul to <unk> not only heaven and earth , but especially that blue but dim horizon of life we call the future . sign from madame danglars intimated her desire to see albert in her box directly the curtain fell on the second act , and neither the politeness nor good taste of morcerf would permit his <unk> an invitation so <unk> given . is he ? ’ — ‘ he is here	226.67347717285156
. ’ young man who was travelling with his sister . a worthy man , as bald as a <unk> . on coming to myself , was to feel under my pillow for the knife i had not been able to reach ; if it had not been useful for defense , it might at least serve for expiation . got to do is to endeavor to repair it . ” too pure to suppose that any female could be guilty of such perfidy ; besides , the name of the comtesse de winter , which she had heard the abbess pronounce , was wholly unknown to her , and she was even ignorant that a woman had had so great and so fatal a share in the	97.21771240234375
misfortune of her life . on his first visit to m. de tréville , captain of the king ’ s musketeers , he met in the antechamber three young men , serving in the illustrious corps into which he was soliciting the honor of being received , bearing the names of athos , porthos , and aramis . forget what i shall have lost ! ” cardinal . ” the death-bed of my mother , and certainly i have not been less happy on that account . ” monsieur de chavigny had started on a journey that morning and in his absence la ramee was <unk> of the chateau . of the courage and skill of athos than i have ; but i like better to hear my	55.04948806762695
sword <unk> against <unk> than against <unk> . a palace ? ” said danglars , laughing ; “ come , that is something . ” ! ” , it is merely a title . saying ? ” ” replied rochefort , falling on one knee . changed ; another valet was engaged for himself , a new servant for noirtier , two women had entered madame de villefort ’ s service , —in fact , everywhere , to the concierge and coachmen , new faces were presented to the different masters of the house , thus <unk> the division which had always existed between the members of the same family . the count , “ not to know the value of a man ’ s word ! frondeur	71.24388122558594
, ’ ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i should knock here and should be sure of a good supper . , if there be need of it , meaning to offer you fifty pistoles , if , against all probability , you should be short at the present moment . ” ’ s attorney chapter <unk> . both have died . comes somebody . ” high treason , ” said the cardinal , slowly . sure that in less than three days this balsam would cure you ; and at the end of three days , when you would be <unk> , sir , it would still do me a great honor to be your man . ” brucea , <unk> , and the <unk> ,	59.11600112915039
they put to sleep all who stand in their way . letter , and make him your model in order that you may do as he has done . ” with , stupid ? took porthos into an adjoining room , and they began to lay the basis of a reconciliation . then ? ” the banker . with surprise . article had appeared in another paper besides _ l ’ <unk> , and , what was more serious , one that was well known as a government paper . uttered a cry of surprise and asked him what was going on . indeed , the jailer antoine told me one connected with this very dungeon . ” ” the chair nearest the door , she burst into	89.26811981201172
a paroxysm of sobs . the <unk> of this second <unk> was at hand and that there remained but a single effort to make . at the louvre ; he was at the louvre with his company . to you all my life . ” reflected on the matter , ” said franz , “ i thank you for your courtesy , but i shall content myself with accepting a place in your carriage and at your window at the rospoli palace , and i leave you at liberty to dispose of my place at the piazza del popolo . ” surveillance do you employ ? ” he desired to follow , and was moving towards the end he wished to achieve ; his heart was in a	53.5935173034668
fair way of <unk> in his bosom . ” time to time past three windows of the second floor . ” said cromwell , “ i promise , as far as lies in my power , to grant your request ; proceed . ” a low moaning was heard , and he raised himself on one knee . , and see that my orders are executed . ” your departure , and never despair of us . my women nor my servants . ” _ ” answered a solemn and imperious voice , accompanied by a menacing gesture . think existence worth anything to a man of twenty , as you are , and who may hope for everything , being handsome and brave , as you are	71.11592864990234
. ” . him too weak to support such an exertion . exclaimed , “ the scotch i called ‘ my faithful , ’ to whom i trusted myself when i could have fled to oxford ! ! , how was it done ? he cried , “ the usurper in france ! heart , madame , ” replied the count , “ and he has acted rightly . s wishes to the contrary ? ” said madame de villefort , selecting a new point of attack . secretly agitated and on the morrow the gray and black cloaks , the patrols of armed <unk> , and the bands of mendicants reappeared . of your majesty ’ s hand ; if you think you are right in giving	80.88513946533203
them to me , you shall do so , but from this very moment you are free from any obligation to keep them . ” why you stopped at the island of elba ? ” the windows , and hid from the garden and court these two apartments , the only rooms into which , as they were on the ground floor , the <unk> eyes of the curious could penetrate . i am greatly mistaken , or she has provided against the catastrophe which threatens you , and , which will pass over without affecting her . to see if you have been fortunate enough to escape the bad moral influence to which you have been exposed , and which is infinitely more to be dreaded than	76.31288146972656
any physical suffering ; he wishes to discover if the fine abilities with which nature had endowed you have been weakened by want of <unk> ; and , in short , whether you consider yourself capable of resuming and retaining in the world the high position to which your rank <unk> you . ” put up with that , ” said the countess , who was herself from one of the oldest venetian families . wrote the name of d ’ artagnan in the commission , and returned it to him . great deal , particularly on this road , and i wish to see all innkeepers making a fortune . ” , he renewed his offers of an engagement to dantès ; but dantès , who had	89.62472534179688
his own projects , would not agree for a longer time than three months . on the ground the drunken man was not intoxicated . ” auditors . at that period to be imprisoned by the enmity of the king . is giving away hats like that , porthos , let us look out and both demand a regiment to-morrow . ” lord , ” said athos , glancing at aramis , “ your highness is discontented with your party ? ” or remove the full project gutenberg™ license terms from this work , or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg™ . said aramis , “ we are all alike . passed by a calash rapidly whirled along	72.62061309814453
by two post-horses . you are ignorant of the contents of this letter ? ” toward the barrier , but from behind the beams , from among the <unk> and from the heights of the rocks a terrible fusillade burst forth and at the same time planchet ’ s halberdiers appeared at the corner of the cemetery of the innocents , and louvieres ’ s bourgeois at the corner of the rue de la monnaie . it , ” said bonacieux . shot at ten paces and missed his man ; and the spaniard , who had advanced to meet raoul , aimed in his turn , and raoul felt a pain in the left arm , similar to that of a blow from a whip . ’	63.48968505859375
s creature , my lord . with dust , and from a certain easy manner by means of which a man accustomed to travel is always <unk> , the two friends excited the attention of a few <unk> . what the new world has to do with the bottles which are on the commode and the wardrobe . while on the contrary , the hundred pistoles feed their master . ” worthy of a prince to travel upon such horses . ” ” returned bertuccio ; “ you will see that i had no time to learn it . ” de winter , who was known to be one of his grace ’ s most intimate friends , the officer of the post gave orders to let felton	59.924720764160156
pass , who , besides , wore the uniform of a naval officer . louvre ; i ask for mme . cristo who so rarely opened his lips , was about to speak . . ” me , ” said mordaunt , “ and i have seen neither goat nor kid caught among the bushes of the plain . ” ” said madame de villefort , “ that valentine is in league with him ? for six millions . ’ artagnan felt that he could <unk> himself for that smile . of the circumstance to find a place in the hedge not so thick , where his glance could penetrate to the supposed cavalier . his fortune mentioned ? ” please , but i am sure of what	65.67288970947266
i say . i ask god and you how i can save her ? ” men ; if we should meet a little troop of enemies , equal or even superior in number to our own , shall we charge them , raoul ? ” ’ artagnan tremble , as if by the touch that fever which consumed milady attacked himself . ? ” it , ” said haydée . opened . there ? ” be at her country seat , for she has not answered me . ” so ? ” asked the abbé . gained by buckingham . the art of being dull with dignity . to breakfast , ” said beauchamp ; “ for , if i remember , you told me you only expected	67.3730239868164
two persons , albert . ” down , ” said villefort impatiently , “ for it will take some time . ” be supposed that amid this affected resignation to the will of providence , the unfortunate innkeeper did not writhe under the double misery of seeing the hateful canal carry off his customers and his profits , and the daily <unk> of his <unk> partner ’ s murmurs and lamentations . adore to-morrow , and vice <unk> . piercing my brain . proud as a <unk> , ’ ” murmured the duke of buckingham . very resemblance <unk> me ; i should have liked something more in the manner of the venus of milo or <unk> ; but this <unk> diana , continually surrounded by her <unk>	134.88670349121094
, gives me a sort of alarm lest she should some day bring on me the fate of <unk> . ” said gondy , laughing , “ are you a boy to play with firearms ? ” eyes of the musketeer , in spite of his efforts to <unk> it , terrified his sensitive <unk> . to me of his lost son touched me to the quick ; indeed , his griefs , hopes , and fears on that subject might furnish material for a most touching and <unk> poem . saint-méran . m. de villefort . confidant of him . ” are you telling me ? ” work again . the famous return from elba , a return which was <unk> in the past , and will	89.09490966796875
probably remain without a <unk> in the future . seeking ? seeing him ? ” ” said the queen . one of the papers , and was tempted by the false title , ‘ a country house . ’ ” tell him that you came from me ? ” the cardinal . person who brought me a letter , ” inquired franz , “ from the viscount of morcerf ? ” moment , moved by a similar impulse , looked back also . bit his lips as he spoke ; “ i know your devotion to her majesty . ” count had just given , for immediately ali went noiselessly , and returned , bearing a black dress and a three-cornered hat . noirtier , and it was	63.119667053222656
he who had just sent for morrel , with the request that the latter would lose no time in coming to him—a command which morrel obeyed to the letter , to the great discomfiture of barrois . , ’ tis not easy to make people say what they don ’ t wish to let out . ” damp forehead and the king slid off his bed , saying , “ let us go . ” order to warn their masters when anyone passes are not lackeys , they are sentinels . ” ” returned monte cristo , “ since i know nothing at all of it . ” man of from forty to fifty-five years of age , tall , strong , and bony , a perfect specimen	91.44986724853516
of the natives of those southern latitudes ; he had dark , sparkling , and deep-set eyes , hooked nose , and teeth white as those of a <unk> animal ; his hair , like his beard , which he wore under his chin , was thick and <unk> , and in spite of his age but slightly <unk> with a few silvery threads . to ask of you ; that is , the name of your true executioner . , they easily obtained three hundred pistoles on the ring . . pistoles ; where is it ? ” me in my father ’ s house , in my room , on my bed of sickness ? one of these <unk> i heard the door open . wonder	89.09609985351562
if he were at the head of the mob at this very moment . . and saw his father get into it , and drive away . friend , put yourself in my place , ” replied the musketeer . could you have the courage to do so ? ” following lines : opinion of m. and madame de villefort . ” , his eyes immediately fell upon the <unk> , and he read : you done to aspire to this honor ? ’ demanded the lieutenant . wife , _pardieu ! _ ” he would not come up . ” most german and the least gascon accent possible . positive appointment for a particular day and hour ? ” inquired the count ; “ only let me	56.41714096069336
warn you that i am proverbial for my punctilious exactitude in keeping my engagements . ” this shadow was recognized as morrel , who , with his coat buttoned up to his throat , his face livid , and convulsively crushing his hat between his fingers , leaned against a tree , situated on an elevation commanding the mausoleum , so that none of the funeral details could escape his observation . dear love , adieu ! ” . will wait for me at armentières ? ” and pointing to the coffin : loomed large in the horizon . a joyous voice from without , — “ mercédès ! ” ; but she is built to stand any weather . <unk> members designated there were only <unk> present	182.16348266601562
, for the rest , fearful of taking part in such an act , had remained away . said , ” cried the king , who had heard all these compliments through the open door ; “ only tell him , tréville , since he wishes to be considered your friend , that i also wish to be one of his , but he <unk> me ; that it is nearly three years since i have seen him , and that i never do see him unless i send for him . monte cristo to let things die away of their own accord . . , it is his nature to do so , for the love of robbing . ” ” ” replied the minister , “	58.57487487792969
we have no occasion to invent any ; every day our desks are loaded with most circumstantial <unk> , coming from <unk> of people who hope for some return for services which they seek to render , but can not ; they trust to fortune , and rely upon some unexpected event in some way to justify their <unk> . ” has come back , ” said athos ; “ and we can now hear how the poor child is . ” , does it not , monsieur bonacieux ? ” , my poor legs ! applied to me , ” said the doctor , “ it has been too late ; still i will go . grimaud . the vicomte . and not abuse , ” said	74.04363250732422
aramis , sententiously . and with all my heart ; for i know what it is to be in love . ” passed for a severe but a just man . ” ’ s a worthy fellow . ” hour athos joined them and at the same moment charles brought in a letter for d ’ artagnan , which a messenger had just desired might be instantly delivered . the facts were precisely what you have stated , ” said madame de villefort ; “ and it was to prevent the <unk> of old <unk> that m. de villefort formed the idea of uniting in the bonds of affection the two children of these inveterate enemies . ” thought perhaps you had worn out all your courage the	71.44432830810547
first time . ” artagnan with the envious look with which every courtier sees a new favorite spring up . leave , sir ? ” better informed as to me and my possessions ere long . ” about to regain his liberty ; at the worst , he would have a companion , and captivity that is shared is but half captivity . your word , ” said morrel coldly ; then taking out his watch , he added , “ it is half-past eleven . ” because there were too many good things . by mordaunt , and in five minutes they were quite away from that world of houses which then crowded the outskirts of london ; and mordaunt could discern the little vessel riding at	130.49533081054688
anchor near the isle of dogs . ingenuous , pure man who seems virtuous ; him there are means of destroying . ” me and i was about to suffer dishonor . , was quite conversant with all aristocratic intrigues , amid which she had constantly lived for five or six years . and cries of pain began to be heard in the crowd . belt ; porthos and aramis , who held their drawn swords in their hands , returned them to their scabbards . around the circle and laid himself , with the deepest respect , at the feet of monsieur de chavigny , who at first seemed inclined to like the joke and laughed long and loud , but a frown succeeded , and he	124.02293395996094
bit his lips with vexation . , ” said the <unk> . , “ poor haydée ! ” murmured he . what i do not know . blois again ; it is but natural . ” ’ artagnan to approach , and he obeyed . the steward . without a promise and voluntarily , all that i can do to serve the king and be agreeable to the queen . as to what course the vessel would take , had yet watched it anxiously until it tacked and stood towards him . an executioner . ” enjoyed the fresh breeze which played on his brow , and listened to the dash of the waves on the beach , that left against the rocks a lace of foam as	76.7043685913086
white as silver . , ” said the commissary , addressing athos , “ declare all that passed yesterday between you and monsieur . ” , not of “ charles , king , ” but of “ <unk> king . ” pride and modesty which suddenly suffused the cheeks of the young woman , the brilliancy of her eye , and her highly important communication , produced an indescribable effect on the assembly . dantès could not give sufficiently clear instructions to an agent . ! ” repeated the traveller in an accent of indescribable sadness . ” interrupted valentine , “ consider <unk> recent death . by the corsican benedetto , my comrade in the galleys at toulon , no . are suspected by your majesty ,	116.1102294921875
” said tréville , “ the musketeers are guilty ; therefore , you see me prepared to surrender my <unk> after having accused my soldiers , there can be no doubt that monsieur the cardinal will end by accusing me . ” so extraordinary , that what you tell me seems less astonishing than it otherwise might . ” arose and said very gravely : she calculated that the repose of a few hours would not only refresh her head and her ideas , but still further , her complexion . where is it ? i can refuse nothing has come to demand you . ” not say public , but <unk> confined to these three sentiments , —i love my father , i respect m. morrel ,	133.01620483398438
and i adore mercédès . and then to go to paris . ” laid him on a couch . ’ replied the man upon his return , ‘ that he got in that way ; ’ and he showed the hole i had made when i broke through . ? ” said the count . love him ? ” ” resumed mordaunt , “ we must set out without delay , to-day is the last day granted me by the cardinal . joyful cry , raised her eyes , looked round to question the messenger , but he had disappeared . lackey named grimaud ? ” persisted planchet , who had prudently considered that he couldn ’ t have too much information . ? ” asked monte cristo	58.49867248535156
. as a woman could resist four men . long and not very amusing , i know ; but , ” added he , seriously , “ you understand , it is on the king ’ s service . ” a greatcoat , or rather a surtout , a little worse for the journey , but which exhibited the ribbon of the legion of honor still fresh and brilliant , a <unk> which also ornamented the under coat . never closed . , friend ? ” , with hair as black as jet , her eyes as velvety as the <unk> ’ s , was leaning with her back against the <unk> , rubbing in her slender delicately moulded fingers a bunch of <unk> blossoms , the flowers	89.80953216552734
of which she was picking off and <unk> on the floor ; her arms , bare to the elbow , brown , and <unk> after those of the arlesian venus , moved with a kind of restless impatience , and she tapped the earth with her arched and <unk> foot , so as to display the pure and full shape of her well-turned leg , in its red cotton , gray and blue clocked , stocking . ten paces of the group formed by the five young men . . ” of litmus-paper reddened by an acid , and it turns syrup of violets green . deny it ! ” added villefort , extending his hand toward her , as though to seize her in the name of	128.94949340820312
justice . , which belonged to the queen . ” and began to hunt over the island with the air of a man who is fulfilling a duty , rather than enjoying a pleasure ; and at the end of a quarter of an hour he had killed a goat and two kids . fifty or sixty thousand francs ; spend them if necessary , but let these gentlemen be treated as they deserve , that is to say , like kings . ” give me a lesson , porthos ? ” cried aramis , from whose usually mild eye a flash passed like lightning . you would view all this otherwise . to , after all ? spot where he was on the previous evening when his	76.63804626464844
mysterious host had invited him to supper ; and he saw the little yacht , now like a sea-gull on the wave , continuing her flight towards corsica . : show the chevalier out ; and this evening at eleven o ’ <unk> have heard what i said . ” too long , my dear landlord , ” replied franz . you will do us the honor to tell us , ” added aramis , in his politest tone and with his most graceful bow . not much concern us , do you think it does ? ” with composure , and , looking forward with terror to his future existence , chose that middle line that seemed to afford him a refuge . very easily arranged .	92.63154602050781
has fought two duels , ” said morrel . were ordained that this man should be associated with all the good which the future may have in store for me , and sometimes it really seems as if his eye was able to see what was to come , and his hand endowed with the power of directing events according to his own will . ” . ” . leave me so soon ? ” king may change his mind in an hour ; and at all events it is more difficult to replace a man in the fort l ’ evêque or the bastille who has got out , than to keep a prisoner there who is in . ” pale and motionless baroness listened to this	93.94905853271484
, was equalled by the calm indifference with which debray had spoken . rubbed his eyes , and tried to go to sleep again . is no occasion to divide the honors of my discovery with him . again to give us any information ? ” inquired the countess . the hôtel of m. de tréville ; his visit of the day before , it is to be remembered , had been very short and very little <unk> . to tours without telling me anything ? ” horse under the arch of the bridge . ” he said ; “ death is always death , —that is forgetfulness , repose , exclusion from life , and therefore from grief . ” the count , the approbation of whose	68.77191162109375
eye villefort had frequently solicited during this speech . ; with black eyes , black hair , black eyebrows . ” think that he is much troubled with gout . ” had been humiliated by the cardinal , whose police , without having yet attained the perfection of the modern police , were excellent , being better informed than himself , even upon what was going on in his own household . carriage up quietly , and took out of it a little man , stout , short , elderly , and commonly dressed in clothes of a dark color , who ascended the ladder very carefully , looked suspiciously in at the window of the pavilion , came down as quietly as he had gone up ,	132.47166442871094
and whispered , ‘ it is she ! ’ immediately , he who had spoken to me approached the door of the pavilion , opened it with a key he had in his hand , closed the door and disappeared , while at the same time the other two men ascended the ladder . <unk> , canon of notre dame , who had formerly been valet of a bishop , who introduced him to his eminence as a perfectly devout man . ” <unk> pushed away with dignity the officer ’ s <unk> “ ’ tis good only for the <unk> . ” goes well . ” him renewed life and hope , in the assurance that you have the power of restoring the son whom he has	85.82608032226562
vainly sought for fifteen years . ’ ” are not a woman , ” muttered mazarin . . . . conversation i overheard was the master of the house ; the other , the physician . , do you accept ? ” asked the cardinal . who will never desert me ! ” the president ordered them to read the act of accusation . said the count , “ you have been in my service one year , the time i generally give myself to judge of the merits or <unk> of those about me . it , i am certain of it . ” you finish ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ <unk> has become of athos ? ” <unk> for your punctuality ; ”	43.85729217529297
and he offered a chair to madame danglars , which she accepted , for her heart beat so violently that she felt nearly suffocated . to speak of the future and to build castles in the air . my honor , and consequently my life . ” me for , sir ? ” demanded he of the paralytic . person who was assassinated one evening on leaving a bonapartist meeting to which he had been invited on the supposition that he favored the cause of the emperor ? ” an abyss between those days and the present . , yield immediately to the young man ’ s request , but made a few conscientious objections . me that benedetto , who is considered a serpent of subtlety and	79.94032287597656
a giant of cunning , is really but a very commonplace , silly rascal , and altogether unworthy of the experiments that will be made on his <unk> organs after his death . ” sir , you were in fact a medical man , ” said madame de villefort , “ since you had cured the sick . ” dressed , with the exception of his shoes and doublet ; he had allowed himself to be dressed , in great astonishment , overwhelming laporte with questions , who replied only in these words , “ sire , it is by the queen ’ s commands . ” , ” said monsieur d ’ arminges , “ and if needs be , my will , that we beat a	83.91419219970703
retreat . man with light hair whose face expressed a hundred times more emotion than that which characterized the prisoner . , and , leaning over him with a calm and melancholy look , he whispered , “ i am—i am—— ” thoughts constantly reverted to that handsome young man who was so brave and appeared to be so much in love . the king , kneeling humbly before him , began his confession . of grimaud , who never spoke a word but when his master <unk> his mouth . have only the means that money <unk> who are in expectation , have those which devotion <unk> . ” ? ” answered d ’ artagnan , but little convinced , as he knew better than anyone else	102.00282287597656
how entirely personal the value of this letter was , and saw nothing in it likely to tempt cupidity . enemy ’ s army . ” god , no , <unk> papers are all in capital order , because i have none ; but m. cavalcanti ’ s . ” ” in their cloth robes and preceded by six <unk> , each holding a <unk> in his hand , went to attend upon the king , whom they met on the steps , where the provost of the merchants made him the speech of <unk> compliment to which his majesty replied with an apology for coming so late , laying the blame upon the cardinal , who had detained him till eleven o ’ clock , talking of	111.09236145019531
affairs of state . to the king ’ s army , and a great inconvenience to the cardinal , who had no longer , it is true , to embroil louis xiii . the cardinal , “ then it will be time to claim the order which you just now required . ” in a night of love , as it has been given to you . ” clock , maximilian ; thank heaven that you came at noon rather than in the evening , or tomorrow morning . not such lords as you are who are allowed to wait in the ante-chamber , only just now he has a secret conference with monsieur de bruy . ” say . ” i dreamed each night the same dream	69.22584533691406
. forced to learn english . ” ordered to be engraved as soon as you knew the number of the house ? ” been undecided whether the supper should take place in the dining-room , or under a long tent erected on the lawn , but the beautiful blue sky , studded with stars , had settled the question in favor of the lawn . feather before the wind ; let us join with that side to which the wind will carry it and resume our adventurous life . ’ t know this woman , how do you know her name ? ” clock at night ; the branches of the great trees in the garden of the count ’ s house stood out boldly against the azure	78.62969207763672
canopy of heaven , which was studded with golden stars , but where the last fleeting clouds of a vanishing storm yet lingered . of me that i died for the king ; so that i shall have performed my duty without the expense of an outfit . ” last farewell , but his tongue lay motionless and heavy in his throat , like a stone at the mouth of a sepulchre . do not mention it ! ” cried the host , in the most pitiable voice imaginable . her jewel case . . monseigneur , to learn your intentions relating to the existing state of affairs in england . of you . in the midst of which even the noise of thunder could not have been	104.37605285644531
heard . what she <unk> is to say , you declare that the signs which she mentioned are really those by means of which you are accustomed to convey your thoughts ? ” his head with an expression of despair . that expand the heart ! is ended there will be no delay in putting the sentence into execution , ” continued d ’ artagnan . was struck with the sound of his voice : been intentionally diminished , but the young woman could not conceal the traces of the fever which had devoured her for two days . after a half hour ’ s conversation d ’ artagnan was convinced that milady was his compatriot ; she spoke french with an elegance and a purity that left	73.67974090576172
no doubt on that head . would make me one promise . ” the memoirs of this period , which has left so many memoirs , one does not find this worthy gentleman <unk> even by his enemies ; and he had many such among men of the pen as well as among men of the sword . ; for , of course , you know ? ” ’ artagnan so satisfactory that he no further insisted ; and about eight o ’ clock in the evening , the time when the <unk> of night begin to thicken in the streets , he left the hotel de la chevrette , and followed by planchet set forth from the capital by way of the saint denis gate . you	59.59172821044922
, ” answered the abbé , “ that i loathe the idea of shedding blood . ” utter impossibility of escaping through your dungeon ? ” a brave fellow , ” said athos , pressing the young man ’ s hand . ” said his <unk> . ” had delivered her from the hands of the demons who wished to search and ill treat her ; and this important service had established between them one of those sentiments of gratitude which so easily assume a more tender character . viscount , do talk reason ! ” shall find him ? ” whither ? ” musketeers in public , and congratulated them in private ; but as no time was to be lost in gaining the king , m.	80.139892578125
de tréville hastened to report himself at the louvre . ? ” to show you how sincere i am . ” am more your friend than you think—for after our very first encounter , i could by saying a word to the cardinal have had your throat cut ! ” a cloud passed over the brow of athos , a haughty smile curled the lip of porthos , and a negative sign was the reply of aramis . replied monsieur de bouillon , “ sacrifice one ’ s comfort to the public good ; but i confess to you i am now almost exhausted . refuse their service to this bony machine . and thoroughly wearied by so many emotions , arrived about midnight in the rue meslay	131.0621795654297
, threw himself on his bed and slept soundly . it seems to be the result of certain propositions which mazarin made last night to the parisians . ” the matter was that d ’ artagnan loved milady like a madman , and that she did not love him at all . the regret which drags the living to the pursuit of death ; or are you only suffering from the prostration of fatigue and the weariness of hope deferred ? rose quickly , drawing at the same moment a pistol from his girdle . wait , ” replied valentine , who revived at these words ; “ there are so many things which may save unhappy beings such as we are . ” shakespeare ’ s <unk>	87.05742645263672
, he died for another . i did not . ” horse ? ” the door was opened and the count of monte cristo appeared on the threshold . place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work . not make madame de villefort even smile , so much was every mind engaged , and so solemn was the situation . if in reply to his words , a man lying on a <unk> of <unk> rose and advanced a few steps toward him . laporte , to make the king more courteous to monsieur le cardinal , to whom both he and i are under such important obligations . ” down there , talking politics with that little group of great geniuses	89.06029510498047
. ” , indeed , as we have stated , a very handsome man . she , “ you are as great as judas <unk> ! ? ” that should there fall in your way anyone guilty of conspiring against the government , you will be so much the more bound to visit the offence with rigorous punishment , as it is known you belong to a suspected family . ” across his brow . lead his prisoner off the battle-field . an assumed name ? ” not , for it was in reality a little boy . germain , as he came out from the presence of the queen . ” the count , “ shall i then be permitted to love again ? his heart ,	70.5593032836914
the more certainly he would avenge her . i understand , ” said mazarin ; “ want of fortune , perhaps . ” said athos . <unk> the day when the prince , thanks to you , shall have turned against the court . ” , so much studied by women , of looking through her long eyelashes without appearing to open the lids . entered the rue meslay by the boulevards . artagnan ’ s sword , ” he said . mother to look at it when m. de saint-méran <unk> it for sale two or three years ago . ” , ” said he , “ one has no friends , only correspondents . ” made their way in the world by the means of women	57.65803909301758
blushing . only girded on his sword , wrapped himself in his cloak , and went straight to buckingham palace . the room , pale with anger ; her self-control , however , was so great that it might have been imagined that she was calm . <unk> , my young friend ; you will be lost . ” dagger from the pool of blood which was gliding along the room , to the horror of all present , made a sign to the host to follow him , paid him with a generosity worthy of his master and again mounted his horse . the king and the other four your prisoners . in the opposite direction to that which you said i was gone . bertuccio ;	65.91675567626953
thy death for my brother ’ s ; thy treasure for his widow ; thou seest that my vengeance is more complete than i had hoped . ’ not the world a wilderness ? ” she exclaimed , throwing herself into the arms of mademoiselle d ’ armilly , her eyes sparkling with the same kind of rage which made nero wish that the roman world had but one neck , that he might <unk> it at a single blow . protecting them openly , as you know , gave countenance to volunteer assistance . the day , all the preoccupation of mind which the events of the evening had brought on , disappeared as they do at the first approach of sleep , when we are still	116.41402435302734
sufficiently conscious to be aware of the coming of slumber . but to leave paris—— ” last word , d ’ artagnan had dragged porthos into the gallery . you , as he has always done . ” quietly , and put it as quietly in his pocket ; read the examination , and saw that the name of noirtier was not mentioned in it ; perused , too , the application dated 10th april , 1815 , in which morrel , by the deputy procureur ’ s advice , exaggerated with the best intentions ( for napoleon was then on the throne ) the services dantès had rendered to the imperial <unk> which villefort ’ s <unk> rendered indisputable . fight , ” said athos . window	128.90135192871094
of a little hut , they showed me a woman sitting , leaning on a table , and said , ‘ there is the person to be executed . ’ ” you could arrest the progress of two horses rushing forwards with ungovernable fury ? ” he muttered , “ very droll indeed , ” and he again began to carve the fowl , when peppino stopped the baron ’ s right hand with his left , and held out his other hand . ? ” was opened , and having questioned the servant the officer learned that master broussel was at home and at dinner . people in saint germain who sell straw ? ” our wine , and without prejudice say what you think of it	105.70343017578125
? ” to the <unk> of his native hills , had stretched himself against a post , and like a fallen statue , insensible to the <unk> of the weather , had allowed the snow to cover him . be patient . responded the woman , with an expression impossible to describe ; ‘ i thought it was for something else . ’ left to her belonging to my poor renée , whom you have so soon forgotten , sir . ” no servant ; the tall man alone inhabited this house . ; but as regards myself , i can find no merit i possess , save that , as a millionaire , i might have become a partner in the speculations of m. <unk> and m.	91.4756851196289
rothschild ; but as my motive in travelling to your capital would not have been for the pleasure of <unk> in <unk> , i stayed away till some favorable chance should present itself of carrying my wish into execution . in the guards and not in the <unk> ” , ” said athos , after a moment ’ s silence , “ that ’ s true ! i can render you , and for that i place myself entirely at your orders , that is , to present , or make my friends present , you everywhere ; besides , you have no need of anyone to introduce <unk> your name , and your fortune , and your talent ” ( monte cristo bowed with a somewhat ironical	94.10486602783203
smile ) “ you can present yourself everywhere , and be well received . , daughter of henry iv . ” , ” replied villefort , after a moment ’ s silence , during which , like a <unk> who encounters a powerful opponent , he took breath ; “ well , sir , really , if , like you , i had nothing else to do , i should seek a more amusing occupation . ” you to excuse me , m. morrel . ? ” thought to porthos : “ if athos knows where we are , if he opens communication with us , before long athos will act . ” ” replied bonacieux , in a sepulchral tone . ” said albert , “ do	54.65727996826172
not assume so much indifference . his master a regimental hat with a wide brim . till he arrived at the end of the rue de noailles , from whence a full view of the allées de meilhan was obtained . debray , “ it is nearly six months since we have been associated . athos , “ my opinion is that it is not proper to allow lackeys to have anything to do in such an affair . the half-circle without <unk> his speed , and the gates were closed ere the wheels had ceased to sound on the gravel . deep shadow , was the outline of a masculine figure ; but the features of this latter personage it was not possible to distinguish . a	89.38184356689453
point of honor , and it may be for this reason , that you have delayed acknowledging your name . , ” said aramis ; “ we want to see the coadjutor , and instantly , as we are in haste . ” , a more unhappy son than you , morrel , for he could not even find his father ’ s grave . ” a chamber adjoining his own . with a useless burden ? ” the queen to de winter , “ he is one of my faithful adherents ; but do you not observe , my dear lord , that we are so <unk> served that it is left to my daughter to fill the office of doorkeeper ? ” , if you had	53.720115661621094
not found me here , ” said the count , “ it might have proved a gallant adventure which would have cost your friend dear ; but now , be assured , his alarm will be the only serious consequence . ” , heard the successive noises which accompany the life of a house , —the opening and shutting of doors , the ringing of madame de villefort ’ s bell , to summon the waiting-maid , mingled with the first shouts of the child , who rose full of the enjoyment of his age . they one day learned positively that they must not count on buckingham , their courage would fail with their hope . far from france at that period . , as much money	105.028076171875
as what you wish me to undertake will require . said athos , “ i have made a resolution never to draw my sword save when it is absolutely necessary . ” ” , ” said monte cristo , pressing his hand to his heart to still its violent beatings ; he felt afraid of hearing his own history . then , since you condemn him ! ” said d ’ artagnan , in so firm a tone that it appeared to milady an undoubted proof of devotion . dantès , who almost fancied he had to do with one gifted with supernatural powers ; still hoping to find some <unk> which might bring him down to a level with human beings , he added , “ then	86.2830810546875
if you were not furnished with pens , how did you manage to write the work you speak of ? ” an inclosure called the little court of the chateau , a place quite deserted except when monsieur de beaufort was playing ; and even then the precaution seemed superfluous , the wall was so high . mousqueton , about whom there was a remnant of his ancient <unk> character left . , my lord . . ” ” said maximilian , “ give me but one finger through this opening in the grating , one finger , the <unk> finger of all , that i may have the happiness of kissing it . ” ” , nevertheless , i heard , ’ he said ; ‘ and	81.14861297607422
your <unk> saw the light of day , i presume ? ’ want ? ’ her ! ” cried the duchess . through the gateway into the street , the wind blew open the cloak in which he was wrapped , although it was in the month of august , and lifted his hat , which the traveler seized with his hand the moment it had left his head , pulling it eagerly over his eyes . , count . ” say , or rather do ? ” ali placed himself in the light , so that his master might see him distinctly , and then imitating in his intelligent manner the countenance of the old man , he closed his eyes , as noirtier was in the	65.39994812011719
custom of doing when saying “ yes . ” the duke , in a dying voice , “ laporte , do you come from her ? ” ” in whispers . shall be a splendid funeral ! ” you were conducted yesterday . ” had been five or six degrees below freezing and the steps were covered with ice . my lord ! ” replied la ramee . the symptoms may be much more violent , and cause me to fall into fearful convulsions , foam at the mouth , and cry out loudly . athos . the count but imperfectly , and he perhaps did not fully appreciate this new attention to their wishes ; for he was wholly absorbed by the spectacle that the piazza del	89.4886703491211
popolo presented , and by the terrible instrument that was in the centre . trying to leave england and will search for us at the ports ; meanwhile we shall reach london with the king . ” said d ’ artagnan . gendarme settled the matter , for a crowd of curious loungers was extended before him , effectually <unk> the entrance to the hotel . caderousse , thunderstruck , “ but for that black hair , i should say you were the englishman , lord wilmore . ” , groslow , who had at first crept behind one of the cannons planted on that spot , walked straight up to the gentlemen . with a gloomy expression , then , suddenly , taking it up with a	94.28524780273438
nervous motion , he swallowed its contents at one draught . , sir ; you know it , do you not ? us <unk> your eminence . then , madame , ” replied felton , in the same serious voice , but with a milder tone , “ do you think i assume the right of preventing a creature from <unk> herself before her <unk> ? fine looking fellow , ” said another ; “ if he had only a comb and <unk> , he ’ d take the shine off the gentlemen in white kids . ” misfortune to all who surround me ! witness the silent agony , the mute despair of noirtier , whose tears silently rolled down his cheeks . left side of the	85.6834945678711
portico , two men presented themselves at the <unk> ; the one was ali , who , smiling with an expression of the most sincere joy , seemed amply repaid by a mere look from monte cristo . to say that you must have been very young then. ’ — ‘ i was four years old ; but as those events deeply concerned me , not a single detail has escaped my <unk> ’ — ‘ in what manner could these events concern you ? ground and departed . , then ; you will not pardon me ? ” friend , ” said faria in a resigned tone , “ you understand , do you not , and i need not attempt to explain to you ? ”	78.08597564697266
you know it ? have the right of giving absolution . ” with a false excuse ! cried d ’ artagnan , “ another twenty pistoles lost . come and seek a quarrel with me on account of the fair lady i detain a prisoner ; but i have judges quite ready who will quickly dispose of a woman so <unk> as to glide , a <unk> , into the bed of lord de winter , my brother . man , from five to <unk> , in the uniform of a general officer , wearing the double epaulet of heavy <unk> , that indicates superior rank , the ribbon of the legion of honor around his neck , which showed he was a commander , and on the	89.49908447265625
right breast , the star of a grand officer of the order of the <unk> , and on the left that of the grand cross of charles iii. , which proved that the person represented by the picture had served in the wars of greece and spain , or , what was just the same thing as regarded decorations , had fulfilled some diplomatic mission in the two countries . debray , “ albert sent this morning to request us to come. ” beauchamp and château-renaud exchanged looks of astonishment . . ” , tell me where he is . ” , on reflection , ” said he to him , “ that you have done wrong in thus speaking of your mother-in-law in the presence of m.	91.5098876953125
debray ? ” for i presume that the king , standing godfather to him , could do no less than present him with five hundred thousand francs , giving his father , also , the government of normandy . ” ” said andrea , “ sheathe your sword , my fine fellow ; there is no occasion to make such a <unk> , since i give myself up ; ” and he held out his hands to be <unk> . for means of escape , and seeing the door free , he rushed into the next chamber , in which , as we have said , the deputies from la rochelle were waiting , crossed it as quickly as possible , and rushed toward the staircase ; but	53.155460357666016
upon the first step he met lord de winter , who , seeing him pale , confused , livid , and stained with blood both on his hands and face , seized him by the throat , crying , “ i knew it ! order to comply ; but at each effort he fell back , moaning and turning pale . had business to transact with it to the amount of 200,000 francs ; but since then i have not heard it mentioned . ” to you in consequence of the confidence placed in you , and which does you honor . women flying toward the high street , leaving their children crying at the open doors , hastened to don the cuirass , and supporting their somewhat	108.54840850830078
uncertain courage with a musket or a partisan , directed their steps toward the hostelry of the jolly miller , before which was gathered , increasing every minute , a compact group , vociferous and full of curiosity . cried the lieutenant . to accept ? ” , andrea had turned his smiling face towards the assembly ; then , leaning with one hand on the oaken rail of the <unk> , in the most graceful attitude possible , he said : de la boucherie . my gold ; i will keep it for myself . some things which appear so impossible that the mind does not dwell on them for an instant . to allow me to insist on his departure . put down the portmanteau ,	100.60838317871094
gave him some pieces of money , and having rapped at the shutter sent him away . a sign with his hand , and all retired except d ’ artagnan , who did not forget that he had an audience , and with the tenacity of a gascon remained in his place . , ” said athos . , and dressed with unusual care . has punished you . ” person who wanted to speak to him came from tours , we have seen with what rapidity the young man followed , or rather went before , bazin ; he ran without stopping from the rue férou to the rue de vaugirard . you should recognize him , ” said the commissary . hope , in the first	48.95333480834961
instance , to have for keeper an honest fellow like you . ” she murmured . can help me , dear grandpapa ? ” said valentine . , go ; grimaud will accompany you with his musketoon . ” clock . ” to the palaces of italy , can amuse yourself by calculating in how many square feet a young man who is not the worst lodged in paris can live . only cost you a <unk> of 5,000 or 6,000 francs . ” ” cried the duke . champs-élysées . this morning . a foot of this granite wall , as impenetrable as <unk> , without strict scrutiny ; he did not see a <unk> without introducing the blade of his hunting sword into it , or	102.25332641601562
a projecting point on which he did not lean and press in the hopes it would give way . as a wave which he no longer had the strength to surmount passed over his head . in his voice which he could not quite disguise and which astonished the coadjutor . a musketeer ; i feel it , monsieur , and that impels me on . ” reduce this rebellious city to ashes . , and those of his very best ! of the principal military appointments in the king ’ s household . ” peculiar about this chief , then ? ” suit me , as you know , aramis . ” , the more entire was his conviction , that the person who wore the mantle	96.91071319580078
was no other than his former host and entertainer , “ sinbad the sailor . ” presume . ” been not to have seen you during the two hours of the sermon ? ” , and gave his hand to milady , while the sailors supported her , for the sea was still much agitated . the crowd for some time , but at length he lost sight of them in the via <unk> . at home ; and it was milady who this time did all the honors of the evening . , what do you ask ? ” , who , unable to bear the universal gaze now riveted on him alone , advanced staggering into the midst of the tribunal , with his hair dishevelled	69.3105697631836
and his face <unk> with the mark of his nails . really going ? ” mistrust , and took out two pistoles to pay the bill . take it in that sense , ” said caderousse , “ it is another thing . ridiculous , ” observed d ’ artagnan to porthos and went on his way . tell you there would be an answer , stupid ! ” said athos . a famine ! ” ’ avrigny had made all possible haste , valentine had not revived from her fainting fit on their arrival , and the doctor examined the invalid with all the care the circumstances demanded , and with an interest which the knowledge of the secret intensified twofold . this as part of my	66.76792907714844
income on account ? ” then to my adversary , who had likewise remarked it . and implacable , advancing with his arms crossed on his breast , towards the general , who could not understand why he had disappeared , but who on seeing him again , and feeling his teeth chatter and his legs sink under him , drew back , and only stopped when he found a table to support his clenched hand . my way here , a vessel was coming into port . ” way to cromwell ’ s tent , d ’ artagnan and porthos had brought their prisoners to the house which had been assigned to them as their dwelling at newcastle . can you find a love like <unk> love	88.95045471191406
which neither time , nor absence , nor despair can extinguish , a love which contents itself with a lost ribbon , a stray look , or a chance word ? replied danglars ; “ your advice is wrong , so i shall not follow it . of dining alone , and that no one but ali should attend him . and you ? ” d ’ artagnan sent to his eminence the letter in which he had been ordered to return without delay . of raoul was pronounced , looked <unk> at d ’ artagnan , in order to see if any curiosity was painted on his face . to all custom . ” rogue , who can at the most take us by the collar ,	97.32648468017578
like an <unk> . count ’ s manners , and he was only prevented from recognizing him for a perfect gentleman by reason of his varied knowledge . mousqueton . glass of good wine would be acceptable this dreadfully hot <unk> ” then perceiving for the first time the garb of the traveller he had to entertain , caderousse hastily exclaimed : “ a thousand pardons ! rome , he went and got himself obscurely killed in a night skirmish , scarcely noticed in history . you may believe me if you will ; at the end of every month i am tormented by remorse . ” respected by the magnificent bertuccio . dame , where a te deum was chanted . and most hideous , or rather	170.76695251464844
most admirable ones , for i found them ugly enough to frighten me . ” valentine , half believing herself under the influence of some feverish hallucination ; “ what are you saying , sir ? ” , but i thought it might be so . enter with ardor upon a perilous resolution and grow cold as the moment of execution <unk> , the duc de beaufort , whose <unk> courage had become a proverb , seemed to push time before him and sought most eagerly to hasten the hour of action . he whispered to him , “ that you will follow his majesty ’ s example and not get killed for your folly in this den . ” o ’ clock at st . . gold	103.8887939453125
chain worth about five louis , and the husband a pair of buckles , worth perhaps fifteen francs . small dose is a remedy , a large one is poison . return to your post , for they will soon be here . ” madame : that you should appear to have reflected , and publicly acknowledge an error , which constitutes the extra strength of a strong government ; release broussel from prison and give him back to the people . ” of my shirts , and as many handkerchiefs as i was master of , to complete the precious pages . , ‘ it must be ’ to me , am i no longer king ? ” furniture was at once appropriate for a prisoner or	164.25355529785156
a free man ; and yet bars at the windows and outside bolts at the door decided the question in favor of the prison . i never did love you much , but now it is worse than ever . corsican ’ s name ? ” truly , ” added the young man with a melancholy smile , “ to make war against the english for ten years , and to die in his bed at last , like everybody else . ” then , that you are about to accord , sire , it is justice . ” de quesnel , baron d ’ épinay ? ” asked he , although he knew it perfectly . myself that nobody hears us . ” , the question of	58.5666618347168
the five <unk> to be settled . la fere and chevalier d ’ herblay , charles opened his eyes , and raising his noble head , in spite of himself , threw a glance at all the actors in the scene . tremblingly that she resumed her lover ’ s arm . a little about my father . ” de beaufort ? , but an honest citizen , well off in the world , with a house of my own . on the handsome young man , who was scarcely twenty-five years of age , and whom he was leaving in his <unk> , deprived of sense and perhaps dead , he gave a sigh for that unaccountable destiny which leads men to destroy each other for the	59.22875213623047
interests of people who are strangers to them and who often do not even know that they exist . , my dear lord ? ” this evening , ” continued mazarin . aramis . of it for him , since i only lend him my name . ” for while replying the captain had raised three fingers . , the deputies , the leaders of the expedition , the officers of buckingham ’ s household , had all made their way into the chamber . was now his whole thought , his whole soul . good will , ” said dantès . ’ s person was in perfect keeping with the head just described ; she , indeed , reminded one of diana , as château-renaud observed ,	86.1966781616211
but her bearing was more haughty and resolute . , again become a <unk> , whom fourteen years of despair and ten of hope had rendered a <unk> in providence ? for , you are here , but where are your friends ? ” really to fear that something had happened to mme . , you refuse to serve me , monsieur , ” said the cardinal , with a tone of vexation , through which , however , might be seen a sort of esteem ; “ remain free , then , and guard your <unk> and your sympathies . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan , who was anxious the matter should be accomplished ; “ on the contrary , i think it very easy .	53.99870300292969
especial pattern , which monte cristo had had made for target practice in his own room . of which we have given a description . any use of me , he would have taken me with him ; he leaves me in paris , as our separation will <unk> to his benefit ; <unk> he has gone , and i am free forever , ” added madame danglars , in the same supplicating tone . these plans were the same concerning which the count had dropped a few words in the grotto of monte cristo , and while the count was speaking the young man watched him closely , hoping to read something of his purpose in his face , but his countenance was inscrutable especially when ,	81.97618865966797
as in the present case , it was veiled in a <unk> smile . in token of assent . therefore , and in doing so i shall confer a personal favor on him , how he is mistaken in regard to me . edmond , that i am no longer a reasoning creature ; i have no will , unless it be the will never to decide . ? ” s laboratory . ” ” replied tréville , who saw at the first glance how things would go , “ on the contrary , they are good creatures , as <unk> as lambs , and have but one desire , i ’ ll be their warranty . the queen group were much excited . a good and an	86.14519500732422
excellent friend , ” said albert ; “ yes , you are right ; watch , watch , beauchamp , and try to discover the enemy who made this disclosure . ” <unk> ” stupefied ; then , suddenly bursting into laughter : letter , monseigneur . ” _mazzolato_ , the second culprit _decapitato_ . , ” replied faria , with that acuteness of hearing peculiar to prisoners . the beautiful vasiliki . ” madame danglars , “ that is she . d ’ artagnan , and fainted a second time . such a degree that i scarcely believe my eyes . i weep for you . scarcely visible cloud passed over her brow , and so peculiar a smile appeared upon her lips that the young man	69.96675109863281
, who saw and observed this triple shade , almost shuddered at it . his back than the officer laid himself down in it , and he had scarcely crossed the threshold before his successor , in his turn , was snoring <unk> . emmanuel , who never studied , and a <unk> for julie , who never played . eye to the keyhole , and had discovered andrea in a posture of entreaty . captain in the queen ’ s guards for twenty years , ” was the reply . his horse , he commenced his career with four more crowns than m. de tréville possessed at the commencement of his . that i have unconsciously stumbled upon the truth . ” . ” bowed in their	103.35762023925781
turn . the originator of the project gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone . ! ” said the cardinal . physician , —m . minute ! ” cried he , “ too late by a minute ! nevertheless . crowded on the deck , friends taking a tender but sorrowful leave of each other , some weeping , others noisy in their grief , the whole forming a spectacle that might be exciting even to those who witnessed similar sights daily , but which had no power to disturb the current of thought that had taken possession of the mind of maximilian from the moment he had set foot on the broad pavement of the quay . closed the	107.99588775634766
gate and fastened the string to the nail , and cast a look around . of the count enter the courtyard , and advanced to meet him with a sad , though affable smile . set forward ; as they went on teresa clung tremblingly to her lover at the sight of weapons and the glistening of carbines through the trees . slightly wounded , one on the hand , another on the ear , by the <unk> of the stair , who himself remained <unk> piece of skill which was worth to him , according to the rules agreed upon , three turns of favor . for us , baptistin , ” said the count . and looking attentively around him , to see if he had	106.25958251953125
left any of his keys in his closets , mazarin went out . , he refuses to do so , it will then be quite time enough to admit two strangers into your secret . ” on the shoulder , his usual mode of praising ali , who , pleased and gratified with the commission assigned him , walked calmly towards a projecting stone forming the angle of the street and house , and , seating himself <unk> , began to smoke his chibouque , while monte cristo re-entered his dwelling , perfectly assured of the success of his plan . is an ambuscade , they will deliberate ; and by the time they have found out the pleasantry , we shall be out of the <unk> of	121.37088775634766
their balls . you , albert ; i only restrain you . make the strictest search for the murderer . ” returned the sailor , “ i know their vessel . ” the particulars you wish for do not interfere with my scruples or my conscience . to the end , my lord . , m. beauchamp , and it is always well done . ” fellow , bonacieux . ” you are really too fanciful ; you will not love even me long . . about her : ‘ <unk> , <unk> <unk> ’ you know it , don ’ t you ? ” ; the thing suited him wonderfully well . is right , and i believe your majesty will think it equally important . ”	68.31729888916016
” said hermine suddenly , “ if all this is , as you say , caused by m. debray , why , instead of going direct to him , do you come and tell me of it ? knows without doubt ; but as for me , i accuse nobody . ” he could tell of what complaint the poor marquis had died . ” heated , ” said the doctor ; “ but really it is a useless precaution . ” will be summoned , the day after it will be here ! , ” said the captain , “ conduct him to his bed . ” , and god , doubtless in anger , turns away his face , it is for the physician to bring	54.48170471191406
the culprit to justice . ” be seen ; trees appeared in the darkness like great black phantoms chasing one another . indeed have found yourself in wondrous peril to have undertaken so strange a commission ! ” , the reason why i begged you to alter the order of the questions . ” joke ? ” said danglars . i am your servant , monsieur baron , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ though you have names rather difficult to <unk> ” and touching his horse with the spur , he <unk> back to paris . to the end of the world , athos , if she recognizes you . grimaud , take our brigadier ’ s half-pike , tie a napkin to it , and	88.14523315429688
plant it on top of our bastion , that these rebels of rochellais may see that they have to deal with brave and loyal soldiers of the king . ” on end , and he rose to his knees . the blast as it swept along disheveled her brow , as it bowed the branches of the trees and bore away their leaves . the count deliberately ; “ go , dear friend , but promise me if you meet with any obstacle to remember that i have some power in this world , that i am happy to use that power in the behalf of those i love , and that i love you , morrel . ” his garments ; and drew from amid his rags	104.12744140625
a hundred and fifty spanish double pistoles , which he laid down on the table ; then he opened the door , bowed , and went out before the young man , stupefied by his letter , had ventured to address a word to him . , the painful sensation became most intense ; if , on the contrary , he appeared , his noble countenance , his brilliant eyes , his amiability , his polite attention even towards madame danglars , soon dispelled every impression of fear . appeared through the carriage window , was a woman of from twenty to two-and-twenty years . at the usual hour , the two young peasants were on the borders of the forest . that manner and have been quite	89.08683776855469
successful . ” albert , “ is there any formality to fulfil before i take leave of your excellency ? ” or eleven o ’ clock . ” a blank to dantès—he knew nothing more , not even the length of time he had been imprisoned . me . imprecation , which was answered by a wild laugh on the other side of the iron panel . , and set out at a good pace , while porthos was promising his adversary to perforate him with all the thrusts known in the fencing <unk> . to go to d ’ artagnan ’ s residence , and bring back some clothes . d ’ artagnan , “ does the queen , surrounded as she is by such devoted servants	72.36495208740234
, such wise <unk> , men , in short , so great by merit or <unk> she deign to cast her eyes on an obscure soldier ? ” last . the seventeen peers of france ? ” villefort , closing the door after him , “ it is i , who am come in my turn to ask you if we are quite alone . island seemed to lift from the sea , and the air was so clear that they could already distinguish the rocks heaped on one another , like cannon balls in an arsenal , with green bushes and trees growing in the crevices . own opinion , albert ? ” ! ” cried morcerf , “ it is your fault . ” the game	89.64143371582031
at tennis took place in the open air . , and five or six other choice spirits , whom you do not know , even by name . that , for he has complained of feeling almost suffocated , and asked why the venetian blinds were not opened as well as the windows . ” not like to converse in our language , ” replied the envoy . ” replied beauchamp ; “ allow me only to compliment m. de morcerf , who has given proof today of rare chivalric generosity . ” exposed her face completely to view ) — “ see , misfortune has silvered my hair , my eyes have shed so many tears that they are encircled by a <unk> of purple , and	143.0666046142578
my brow is wrinkled . it be ? it is . ” villefort , burying his face in his hands , “ no , a hundred times no ! ” and heart . aramis was melancholy and thoughtful . i am leading you ? ” said the countess , without replying to the question . countenances of his companions , which , like that of athos , wore an impression of deep anxiety ; and they continued their route as fast as their horses could carry them , but without adding another word . cavaliers . ” long legs and his determined <unk> . speak of ? m. de villefort at the moment when the count , leaning over a large table , was tracing on a map	67.22097778320312
the route from st. petersburg to china . so much the better ! ” said lord de winter . a <unk> ! ” cried the swiss . s doubted that a duel would ensue from it . very gloomy , my friend . the swiss to yield to him the disputed chamber ; the swiss refused by shaking his head , and drew his sword . an <unk> question , ” resumed d ’ artagnan , “ have you grown rich ? ” understand , ” said the countess , shrugging up her beautiful shoulders , as though an involuntary shudder passed through her veins , “ that those who have once seen that man will never be likely to forget him . ” expression . play another	64.90653991699219
<unk> , by which i shall gain the heart of both husband and <unk> ! would be still better , ” said aramis , “ to inform the queen and lord de winter at the same time . ” the assistance of the aristocracy , but aristocracy can not survive without the countenance of monarchs . <unk> to me . ” the other day smile on the duke of orleans ? day the jailer returned , with orders to leave dantès where he was . it in remembrance of your eminence . ” ” exclaimed raoul , alarmed . the project the count had of visiting paris ; and he had no doubt but that , with his eccentric character , his characteristic face , and his colossal	72.19169616699219
fortune , he would produce a great effect there . ; but it is something that you believe so . time . ” m. d ’ avrigny , with an imposing calmness , “ but i think it is now time to act . <unk> spectators , the sage <unk> who took their daughters , and the charming <unk> who made with the thumb of their white hands the fatal sign that said , ‘ come , despatch the dying . ’ ” for you , if what you assert be true , ” said the abbé ; “ for i am firmly persuaded that , sooner or later , the good will be rewarded , and the wicked punished . ” a plan . room , went	73.50000762939453
to the cupboard , took out the bag and pocket-book , and both began , for the third time , to count their gold and bank-notes . order dinner for yourself and when you have rested a little we can talk . ” we shall not see each other again . ” evening in the garden after madame de saint-méran ’ s <unk> his system is accustomed to that very poison , and the dose was trifling to him , which would be fatal to another ; because no one knows , not even the assassin , that , for the last twelve months , i have given m. noirtier brucine for his paralytic affection , while the assassin is not ignorant , for he has proved that	85.43841552734375
brucine is a violent poison . ” to forget it . ranks well ; he did his whole duty and even more , at the siege of <unk> at <unk> and perpignan . ” ; his visage , marked with brutal cruelty , did not indicate age ; he might be thirty . the hospitals has been restored to them by an unknown hand . that , like a fool , a greater fool than he of whom i spoke just now , i mistook for this peasant girl a young bandit of fifteen or sixteen , with a <unk> chin and <unk> waist , and who , just as i was about to <unk> a chaste salute on his lips , placed a pistol to my head	133.1223602294922
, and , aided by seven or eight others , led , or rather dragged me , to the catacombs of st. sebastian , where i found a highly educated brigand chief perusing cæsar ’ s _commentaries_ , and who deigned to leave off reading to inform me , that unless the next morning , before six o ’ clock , four thousand piastres were paid into his account at his banker ’ s , at a quarter past six i should have ceased to exist . the hat , took out one of the three papers and disdainfully dropped it on the table without reading it . coachman , gallop on . ” them , to make hazardous expeditions upon the dyke or the sea , to	139.3360595703125
imagine wild plans , and to execute them <unk> were the <unk> which made the army find these days short which were not only so long to the rochellais , a prey to famine and anxiety , but even to the cardinal , who <unk> them so closely . steps stopped . of this ? ” . mazarin , who , though a cardinal , had not taken such vows as to prevent it , was secretly married to anne of <unk> porte ’ s memoirs . gave ! ” cried porthos . breakfast came , therefore , i did not hesitate to eat and drink . s adventures . five or six millions which form your real capital , you have just lost nearly two millions ,	141.44911193847656
which must , of course , in the same degree diminish your credit and fictitious fortune ; to follow out my <unk> , your skin has been opened by bleeding , and this if repeated three or four times will cause <unk> pay attention to it , my dear monsieur danglars . of crocodiles , ” cried the count , extending his clenched hands towards the crowd , “ how well do i recognize you there , and that at all times you are worthy of yourselves ! ” don ’ t be obstinate , for when others are obstinate i am obstinate likewise , and then i become ferocious and headstrong , and there ’ s my friend , who is even more headstrong and ferocious than	121.78573608398438
myself . himself . porthos . is not large . ” ornamented ; and if you and i dress ourselves as neapolitan <unk> , we may get up a striking tableau , after the manner of that splendid picture by léopold robert . danglars , becoming pale . flooring suddenly gave way , my father fell on one knee , and at the same moment twenty hands were thrust forth , armed with sabres , pistols , and <unk> blows were instantaneously directed against one man , and my father disappeared in a whirlwind of fire and smoke kindled by these demons , and which seemed like hell itself opening beneath his feet . gentleman , for whom he believed himself to be engaged , had won <unk>	169.71157836914062
was the name of the picard . , my lord . time since the late cardinal burnt urban grandier , though . ” know english , athos , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but you know it and will interpret for me . ” fever , and seemed dying by inches . rose quickly . guards , monsieur , upon our word as gentlemen ; but likewise , upon our word as gentlemen , ” added athos , knitting his brow , “ monsieur d ’ artagnan shall not leave us . ” we were descending a large staircase ; around us were all my mother ’ s servants carrying trunks , bags , ornaments , jewels , purses of gold , with which they were	97.70540618896484
hurrying away in the greatest distraction . ear caught a sort of indistinct sound on the stairs , followed by the measured tread of <unk> , with the clanking of swords and military accoutrements ; then came a hum and buzz as of many voices , so as to <unk> even the noisy mirth of the bridal party , among whom a vague feeling of curiosity and apprehension <unk> every disposition to talk , and almost instantaneously the most deathlike stillness prevailed . —oh , what agony ! —shall i suffer like this long ? ” about to shine , when suddenly the door was thrown open and harrison appeared in the doorway , accompanied by a man enveloped in a large cloak . asking you why you	227.5012969970703
altered your costume . begin with god , do not have any hope in him till they have exhausted all other means of deliverance . me what signify this leave of absence and this letter , which i have just received ? ” said the astonished athos . bazin , and places confidence in nobody but him ; any other person would fail . o ’ clock striking at greenwich . ” had just entered . me , but he is one of those known , i believe , to the cavalier of whom your majesty did me the honor to speak . ” he to the young man , who since the death of buckingham had regained that coolness and self-possession which never after abandoned him ,	85.74010467529297
“ wretch ! was so piteous that it awakened pity in the heart of athos . laughing at me ; send tomorrow at twelve , and the bank shall be notified . ” you have one of the first fortunes in france . as must have been already perceived , who made but little noise , and yet was much sought after . monsieur cardinal , ” said the king ; “ and as to loving me much , i have my own opinion as to that love . ” i forgot that there was at the catalans someone who expects you no less impatiently than your <unk> lovely mercédès . ” proceeded thus , the <unk> sounding so near that they expected at each discharge to hear	135.74266052246094
the hum of the balls . his neighbor had really ceased to work . they are saying here ? ” mazarin , with admirable suavity , “ could i but find such men ! ” she , “ be kind , be clement , listen to my prayer ! ” replied the coadjutor , gravely . with that wretched sum , ” continued andrea , “ i could obtain a coat , and a room in which to receive the illustrious visitor i am daily expecting . ” , but the latter restrained him more by a mild look than by his extended hand . come so far to seek , and whom he had found with so much trouble , introduced him into his laboratory , where	89.03600311279297
he was engaged in fastening together with iron wire the dry bones of a skeleton . man ’ s eyes were fixed on the door , and did not quit it . furniture indicated that the <unk> in this house occupied himself with the study of natural science . in the room that albert did not perceive the pallor that spread itself over the count ’ s visage , or the nervous heaving of his chest and shoulders . count , watching andrea ’ s countenance , “ i do not demand any confession from you ; it is precisely to avoid that necessity that your father was sent for from lucca . send mine to athos ’ s residence . that we ought to secure happiness while	87.04264831542969
it is within our reach . ” , five minutes , ” said monte cristo to himself ; “ it is more time than i require . . ” that name to me ? ” know no one , ” said the major . . thesis ? ” ! _ ” exclaimed danglars , “ they have drawn on me for 200,000 francs ! ” company were discussing the approaching marriage of mademoiselle danglars , i was reading the paper to my grandfather ; but when i came to the paragraph about you , although i had done nothing else but read it over to myself all the morning ( you know you had told me all about it the previous evening ) , i felt so happy	53.209171295166016
, and yet so nervous , at the idea of speaking your name aloud , and before so many people , that i really think i should have passed it over , but for the fear that my doing so might create suspicions as to the cause of my silence ; so i summoned up all my courage , and read it as firmly and as steadily as i could . ” duties , monte cristo stopped , looking around him with that expression peculiar to a certain class , which seems to say , “ i have done my duty , now let others do theirs . ” all the strength i possessed to force an entrance from the cramped spot in which i lay to the	120.25244140625
adjoining room . cruel accusations against you . have you done , monsieur porthos ? ” in the three friends , and athos , advancing a few paces in front of the others , cried in a firm voice , “ who goes there ? ” leave you . ” is not you alone this matter concerns , but my lord and his unworthy servant , myself . ” , but at the sight of the piece of silver which shone in the darkness he consented , and walked on before athos . dreamed of the very plan napoleon tried to realize in 1811 ; because , like <unk> , i desired to alter the political face of italy , and instead of allowing it to be split	72.21475982666016
up into a quantity of petty principalities , each held by some weak or tyrannical <unk> , i sought to form one large , compact , and powerful empire ; and , lastly , because i fancied i had found my cæsar borgia in a crowned simpleton , who feigned to enter into my views only to betray me . threw a gleam of light over the field of battle . said the host ; “ i remember it perfectly . , ” replied the unhappy man , the tears starting to his eyes at this simple question , — “ nothing , only i want it . ” , the chief of the people who brought me here ? ” moment to tell his two companions to	112.36495971679688
fasten the door inside , and to make them a sign to come and listen with him . the same time , being a man of extreme caution , was quite aware what injury he should do himself , if by any indiscretion or awkwardness he should betray has <unk> to the experienced eye of athos . penetrating eye . i have always had a great taste for <unk> . ” make use of a diligence , equally so to engage post-horses ; to travel either way a passport was necessary . line of politics his father had adopted , and which might interfere , unless he acted with the greatest prudence , with his own career , gérard de villefort was as happy as a man could	142.77239990234375
be . followed the twenty mourning-coaches , and behind them more than five hundred persons joined in the procession on foot . ring on his finger , and again waited ; it was evident that all was not yet over . aqueducts , those stone phantoms which he had before remarked , only then they were on the right hand , now they were on the left . under these circumstances , ” said caderousse , “ i will , i even believe i ought to undeceive you as to the friendship which poor edmond thought so sincere and <unk> . ” milady , who , having entered this track , and perceiving that falsehood succeeded , was determined to follow it to the end . the prisoner	99.46922302246094
, “ let ’ s think who it can be . the only rest he needed was to see his child , but wished her good-night , for grief and fatigue had made her appear quite ill . the life of his silent companion but what revealed itself . knew he would be lost , for the roof afforded no chance of escape ; he therefore resolved to descend , not through the same chimney by which he had come up , but by a similar one conducting to another room . they might rely on him , and that their wishes should be attended to ; upon which franz and albert mounted to their apartments , and proceeded to <unk> themselves of their costumes . me .	138.78880310058594
” , ” said beauchamp , “ let us call on m. de monte cristo ; he is admirably <unk> to revive one ’ s spirits , because he never interrogates , and in my opinion those who ask no questions are the best <unk> . ” strong in your courageous assurance , to recover myself . ” so ? ” us ? ” asked aramis . the count again . your wife abducted ? ” the head of that movement , i can appreciate better than any other its significance and its probable results . sword , or discharge the contents of a pistol at man with whom , for three years , i have been on terms of intimacy , i must , at least ,	82.29095458984375
know why i do so ; i must meet him with a heart at ease , and that quiet conscience which a man needs when his own arm must save his life . ” ; propositions have been made to me and i confess to you frankly that the coadjutor has made me speak out . ” on towards their different <unk> . only a protector , but a friend ; not only a benefactor , but a father . said athos , “ it is not our plan to run anywhere and like madmen , but we must map up our campaign . that might be audible , and every time that he rose to the top of a wave he scanned the horizon , and strove	96.83006286621094
to penetrate the darkness . , never forsook him for a single instant . trifle . ” with a party of musketeers , up the rue du coq , and the portion of the mob he assailed disappeared like smoke , <unk> near the place saint <unk> ’ auxerrois and taking the direction of the quays . giddy . ” cried groslow , rushing to the hatchway ; “ perhaps there is still time to save us . ” know to whom to present it ? ” ” said he , “ and from this letter , which might have ruined me , i will make my fortune . you who have but now in this chamber , seated in this chair i now fill , made an	74.786376953125
engagement with cardinal richelieu to cause the duke of buckingham to be assassinated , in exchange for the promise he has made you to allow you to assassinate d ’ artagnan . ” of debray , château-renaud , and beauchamp . regarding duels ; i told you my opinion on that subject , if you remember , when we were at rome . ” the weeping girl , “ i am obliged to own that my stepmother ’ s aversion to me arises from a very natural <unk> <unk> love for her own child , my brother edward . ” your eminence , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ but i was so <unk> ” ? ” carelessness . my dear monsieur cavalcanti , that it is	51.312599182128906
useless for you to tell people in france that you have been separated from your son for fifteen years . of experiencing a vague and <unk> sense of coming danger , i placed myself blindly and devotedly at your service , asking no other reward than the pleasure of being useful to you ; and have i ever since , by word or look , given you cause of regret for having selected me from the numbers that would willingly have sacrificed their lives for you ? will you not ? part of this project gutenberg™ electronic work , you indicate that you have read , understand , agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property ( trademark/copyright ) agreement . most in	126.3567123413086
use just at this time . ” monsieur commissary , look at his uniform ! ” visit monsieur de la fere ? ” said d ’ artagnan . and hastily broke the seal . , during his stay at leghorn , that he ran no risk of recognition ; moreover , he had now the means of <unk> any disguise he thought proper . aghast under the weight of such an idea . lord . ” height of his despair god assisted him through human means . s directions , danglars was waited on by vampa , who brought him the best wine and fruits of italy ; then , having conducted him to the road , and pointed to the post-chaise , left him leaning against a	104.42767333984375
tree . , engaged for the purpose , had carried noirtier from valentine ’ s room into his own , and contrary to all expectation there was no difficulty in withdrawing him from his child . astonishment , and began laughing and joking about it . had thrown himself from the boat into the river and was swimming vigorously toward the person who was drowning ; but being obliged to go against the current he advanced but slowly . very safe during fair time . ’ with a haughty presence , a fine equipage ; such as the son of a noble house would have . ” caderousse , “ no ; i will not repent . how necessary <unk> is in any large establishment of servants .	117.73035430908203
” a third voice . more violent than the rest caused him to open his eyes ; then he felt that he was still being carried with great rapidity over the same country , thickly <unk> with broken aqueducts , which looked like granite giants petrified while running a race . promise he had made to madame danglars , to endeavor to find out how the count of monte cristo had discovered the history of the house at auteuil . time , he was fifty paces from where he had first sunk . monsieur , ” said danglars with affected carelessness , “ i attach no sort of value to such empty distinctions ; but the fact is , i was made baron , and also chevalier of	120.56409454345703
the legion of honor , in return for services rendered , but—— ” as i have told you , d ’ artagnan is first amongst us all , ” said athos . the dressing-room . ” into those wide-open eyes which had seemed to be penetrating the mysteries of death ; no longer could he clasp the hand which had done so much to make his existence blessed . by their sending for me , that matters are becoming complicated . landed at portsmouth . ” wine to <unk> . ” his ancient name of vallon ? ” monsieur d ’ herblay can procure the key , is the best that we can have , ” was the answer . minutes for the king to reach the tent	87.6211166381836
of the <unk> commander ; he dismounted and entered . mme . each other ; the impression was the same on both of them , and the tone in which morcerf had just expressed his thanks was so determined that the position would have become embarrassing for all if the conversation had continued . other so well , ” said monte cristo with renewed energy . how i passed that time ! danglars ; “ the french have the superiority over the spaniards , that the spaniards <unk> , while the french invent . ” , and albert returned to his inventory . my comb ? ” is to set out for the army ; he is entirely devoted to the cardinal . ” dreams to you as	84.37903594970703
to me if you did not love me ? way of speaking . profound silence , and the gloomy thoughts inspired by the hour , and still more by her own conscience , all combined to produce a sensation of fear ; the poisoner was terrified at the contemplation of her own work . flame of the opposing passions which burned with the blood in the veins of the young fanatic . my hand , edmond ; you are thinking , i am sure , of some kind speech to console me , but do not utter it to me , reserve it for others more worthy of your kindness . d ’ artagnan , who thought that it was now a convenient time to begin his interrogations	88.32160186767578
, “ dost thou know where athos is ? ” forced to hold his tongue from not comprehending half the language they employed . s _coupé_ ; and , as the young man had no reason to conceal where he was going , he called aloud , “ to the <unk> ” in his impatience he arrived before the beginning of the performance . capable of that ? ” ” returned he , “ that you have never visited the environs , for i wish to see my new property this evening , and had you gone with me , you could have given me some useful information . ” then . ” she suffers ? ” have to do with galley-slaves , or novices in the world	75.40776824951172
? ” said d ’ artagnan “ i answer that while there remains a drop of blood in my veins you will be neither hanged nor shot . to do so , ” was the reply ; “ but if i am not mistaken , the words ‘ in haste , ’ are written on the envelope of the letter which i brought . ” ; the cold drops ran down his forehead , and his heart was full of anguish . ” there was an airhole in the cellar and the wine was in bottles . that is all . ” my dear monsieur bonacieux ? ” , you wretch ! —you , who know his life and his crime ? ” , and with it darkness	61.66282272338867
; but however profound was this darkness , my eyes began to accustom themselves to it . the apartment destined for you , madame . <unk> possessions to be a count . ” care be mine , and be at ease . ” the island , his presentation to a smuggler chief , a subterranean palace full of splendor , an excellent supper , and a spoonful of hashish . what more do you want with me ? ” said d ’ artagnan . ” said the host ; “ number 3 has two staircases , <unk> and outside . ” at half-past nine . ” judges at the château d ’ if ? ” had each our mission , ” said porthos ; “ mine was to	78.55961608886719
guard you and i am doing so . capture , i accomplished the most astonishing deeds , and which , more than once , showed me that the too great care we take of our bodies is the only obstacle to the success of those projects which require rapid decision , and vigorous and determined execution . you ? ” i dare say , in the <unk> , perhaps ? ” watch . count , ” said morcerf , “ what i admire in you is , not so much your riches , for perhaps there are people even <unk> than yourself , nor is it only your wit , for beaumarchais might have possessed as much , —but it is your manner of being served , without	137.06103515625
any questions , in a moment , in a second ; it is as if they guessed what you wanted by your manner of ringing , and made a point of keeping everything you can possibly desire in constant readiness . ” the palikares , writhing in convulsive agonies , while two or three who were only slightly wounded were trying to escape by springing from the windows . then they fear me ! ’ the snare , and i answered you would be quite in despair on your return . the perspiration start forth upon his brow . fallen into the trap yourselves . the monk , shaking his head . sir , ” replied villefort from below , — “ it is well ; have patience	124.15725708007812
but one day longer ; what i have said i will do . ” ” sir , ” replied the prisoner , humbly . superb andalusian horse , black as jet , nostrils of fire , legs clean and elegant , rising six years . to say to you . ” we can obtain a sight of the piazza del popolo ? ” him to paris ? tight and so make his mouth hard , so that you will not be able to make him manoeuvre quickly . such a beast was worth at least twenty livres ; and the words which had accompanied the present were above all price . jew say he would give for the sapphire if he purchased it ? ” said athos .	88.81597900390625
to the report you allude to ” <unk> perceived that the cardinal wished to make him speak <unk> “ i know nothing but what the public knows . are trying to penetrate into the mysteries of <unk> , in which i am not initiated . ill-luck for several days , ” said danglars , “ and i have heard nothing but bad news . ” her , i am ready to follow you . ” athos , speaking in a low voice . in the seine , having thrown themselves in , or having been drowned from not knowing how to swim . ” armilly , ” said the banker ; “ do you consider her no one ? ” then , turning to monte cristo , he	54.01382064819336
said , “ prince cavalcanti is a charming young man , is he not ? it , ” said the cardinal , replying aloud to the mute interrogation of his majesty ; “ and the ill-treated people have drawn up the following , which i have the honor to present to your majesty . ” no affair of mine , ” said the trembling voice of la carconte , as though through the flooring of her chamber she viewed the scene that was <unk> below . for the first time to old noirtier , who having heard the noise in the house , had , as we have said , sent his old servant to inquire the cause ; on his return , his quick intelligent eye interrogated	76.83721923828125
the messenger . ” soul , that they never mean to finish it . ” said the count . ” replied the queen ; “ the counsels of so prudent a man as yourself ought certainly to be available . ” asked him to drink some of it ? ” monsieur , and not at all handsome , according to <unk> ’ s account . ” andrea , “ who knows ? ” , however . who is devoted to your eminence , as you know . ” athos , “ useless ! on the chest ; or does your stomach feel light and <unk> ? ” three , ” replied the stranger . must either give his consent to this plan or his refusal ; in the	52.924373626708984
first case , i shall leave directly , and in the second , i shall wait till i am of age , which will be in about ten months . , but he loved his wife . , he began to carve all sorts of objects in wood ; it was thus that <unk> , the famous sculptor , had commenced . hour at the cemetery ; the weather was mild , but dull , and in harmony with the funeral ceremony . foundation is a non-profit 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the internal revenue service . but not equally . assert it , as he has been lost	127.587158203125
for so long a time . ” mutton and i wish you joy of it. ” said d ’ artagnan . with the hostess he said : “ now , pretty madeleine , you know the difference between a swiss and a gentleman . t be inactive . ” renounce his excursion for this evening ? ” put on the dress and mount the king ’ s horse . said monte cristo , rising as he spoke— “ i am gallant enough to offer it you . ” of his master ’ s voice calling his <unk> . porthos ; “ what ’ s the matter now ? father ? ” . ” faculties to a focus ; and you are well aware that from the <unk> of	50.57724380493164
clouds electricity is <unk> electricity , lightning , from lightning , <unk> . ” <unk> . ” he is dead ; and i believe it is from him my guardian , whose near relation he was , inherited the estate from which i take my name . ” embraced his ward , he passed him into the robust arms of porthos , who lifted him up from the ground and held him a moment suspended near the noble heart of the formidable giant . like ? ” and night soon pass away . already begun . this answer to your guest ? ” aramis . cry of surprise , which was not quite free from joy . overwhelmed , crushed ; her eye alone lived , and glared	119.80681610107422
horribly . could never get such a man as that . o ’ clock in the evening . but why all these precautions ? ” himself owned , the <unk> son of major cavalcanti was a wilful fellow . urged you to write ? invited by my father . five vessels , and suffered by three or four bankruptcies ; but it is not for me , although i am a creditor myself to the amount of ten thousand francs , to give any information as to the state of his finances . of attention on your part . ” , they do not perceive that it is not the italian who speaks french badly , but those who can say fine things to them in the purest	68.27877807617188
parisian accent , who are their real foes . run against me ! mention those who aided and <unk> the deed , ” said caderousse . the mention of two places in the palazzo rospoli had recalled to franz the conversation he had overheard the preceding evening in the ruins of the colosseum between the mysterious unknown and the transteverin , in which the stranger in the cloak had undertaken to obtain the freedom of a condemned criminal ; and if this <unk> individual proved ( as franz felt sure he would ) the same as the person he had just seen in the teatro argentina , then he should be able to establish his identity , and also to prosecute his researches respecting him with perfect facility	135.54901123046875
and freedom . difficult matter to arrange , ” said monte cristo . ” said the superb lord of bracieux , “ lest they should say we were afraid . to wish me to swear this morning that i would mention the appointment to no one ? ” muttered d ’ artagnan . reply . and stationed them myself at the most desirable posts , that is , in villages , where no one generally stops . ” that our friend d ’ artagnan has added any of his own to the amount . ” to sleep . , my friend has three magnificent estates : that of vallon , at corbeil ; that of bracieux , in the <unk> ; and that of pierrefonds , in the	80.2104721069336
<unk> . you be arrested , for then i will return directly . ” . her <unk> chamber , shivering in her chair , or stretched languid and feeble on her bed , while her husband kept his daily watch at the door—a duty he performed with so much the greater <unk> , as it saved him the necessity of listening to the <unk> <unk> and murmurs of his <unk> , who never saw him without breaking out into bitter <unk> against fate ; to all of which her husband would calmly return an <unk> reply , in these philosophic words : vampire . ” ” said he ; “ assemble the servants who remain there . the noise of thunder , the roaring of a volcano ,	150.1761474609375
can not be compared with the tempest of cries heard at that moment . without fighting ; so much the better ! heard on all sides . porthos , “ mouston , of course . ” the gate . under <unk> of myrtle , which spread into large bushes laden with blossoms , or beneath parasitical <unk> . be reassured on that point . being disengaged , takes to the service willingly ? ” he asked . much to have five hundred louis , only . ” not only beautiful in person , but radiant with splendor ; she entered by one door at the time when mercédès appeared at the door . that the woman with him is altogether unlike all others of her sex . behave	149.8270263671875
towards travellers ? ” once rushed at the two youths , leaving the three others to complete the plunder of the dead or wounded travelers ; for on approaching nearer , instead of one extended figure , the young men discovered two . he find the description valentine had given of the interior of the house useful to him ; he arrived safely at the top of the staircase , and while he was feeling his way , a sob indicated the direction he was to take . of two streets and had in the rear , bordering on the side street , stables and a sort of garden . provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg™ ’ s <unk> and <unk>	155.1172637939453
that the project gutenberg™ collection will remain freely available for generations to come . the pen in the ink , and wrote the following lines upon a sheet of paper : reading of this document ; the count could only stare , and his gaze , fixed as if unconsciously on haydée , seemed one of fire and blood . said caderousse with a shudder ; ‘ why , that he might not have the trouble of returning to beaucaire . ’ ” said the jesuit , disdainfully . staircase with twenty steps . in politics ? ” said athos , “ do not let us disturb you . say about not seeing you again , i believe not a word of it ; with such a heart	86.78279876708984
as <unk> such a <unk> passes through the valley of the shadow of death a dozen times , unscathed and <unk> . looking for her ? ” . ” as quickly as possible . that of the king were opposite to them . ” , that ’ s the whole truth , on the honor of a sailor ; is not it true , you fellows there ? ” a general murmur of approbation showed that the narrator had faithfully detailed their misfortunes and sufferings . all cried out , “ straw ! , count , ” returned franz , “ but we have still much to do . ” silken curtains , walls hung with velvet drapery , and the soft perfume of burning wood , the	91.35672760009766
white smoke of which <unk> itself in graceful <unk> around the room , the appearance of the whitewashed cell which greeted his eyes on awakening seemed like the continuation of some disagreeable dream . ” said villefort . the gendarme , placing his knee on his chest ; “ this is the way you keep your word as a sailor ! . ” to the interview he proposed to hold with morrel and his family , departed , murmuring as he went these lines of <unk> , “ youth is a flower of which love is the fruit ; happy is he who , after having watched its silent growth , is permitted to gather and call it his own. ” the carriage was prepared according to orders	136.731201171875
, and stepping lightly into it , the count drove off at his usual rapid pace . and sorrows , ” continued he , becoming still more melancholy ; “ all the ties which attach him to life break in the hand of man , particularly the golden ties . ? ” returned d ’ artagnan ; “ we are saved ! ” let them come up immediately . . at twenty , with a hundred louis pay , and a share in the profits ! on for half an hour when he entered . has found him , apparently , since he is here now ; and , finally , my friend apprised me of your coming , and gave me a few other instructions relative to	89.23517608642578
your future fortune . , and brilliant sunshine disappeared ; the heavens were hung with black , and the gigantic structure of the château d ’ if seemed like the phantom of a mortal enemy . ? ” asked he again . think of it , the count of monte cristo can not appear in the hall , ” said beauchamp . boat , rowed by two men , advanced rapidly towards him . course , that when we say “ the queen , ” mazarin is meant . , one upon his hat , the other in the opening of his white waistcoat , were not at all tremulous ; his eye was calm and even brilliant . in <unk> the four friends perceived blaisois standing in	73.8551254272461
the doorway of a handsome house . the swiss , enchanted that a man like athos could envy him anything . replied the latter , who , with his aristocratic glance and his knowledge of the world , had penetrated at once all that was <unk> in monte cristo , “ albert has not deceived us , for the count is a most singular being . to the rescue of the crest-fallen minister , instead of aiding to crush him . . you , however , to the siege of la rochelle , ” said d ’ artagnan . , ” replied milady , driven into her entrenchment , “ that i have not the honor of knowing her personally ; but i know a great number of	55.09844207763672
her most intimate friends . by that affair in spain ? ” long reveries , sigh heavily and involuntarily , then suddenly rise , and , with folded arms , begin pacing the confined space of his dungeon . am not prejudiced beyond the power of conviction . ; i could the more easily distrust you . recollection of your country ? ” despised flatterers , but he appreciated enthusiasts . it. ” the major drew an armchair towards him , and proceeded to seat himself . ” said the baroness , with that strange simplicity sometimes met with among fashionable ladies , and of which plebeian intercourse can never entirely deprive them , — “ it is very true that had not the morcerfs hesitated , my	228.15093994140625
daughter would have married monsieur albert . saw also a tolerably clean table prepared for two , two bottles of wine sealed , the one with green , the other with yellow , a supply of brandy in a decanter , and a measure of fruit in a <unk> , cleverly arranged on an <unk> plate . will find the means of taking me from paris , a man i have too long <unk> ” then falling into a reverie , she added , however , with an expression of joy , “ ungrateful woman that i am , for twenty years i have forgotten this man , whom i ought to have made a marechal of france . . dear d ’ artagnan , we have no	83.00259399414062
title such as count here . years ago at palermo , and he was then on the point of setting out for the most remote regions ; so that i fear he will never return . ” t be afraid , sir , ” replied aramis ; and the two gentlemen shortly afterward left the louvre . to the word , d ’ artagnan thrust the remnant of his sword into its scabbard , picked up his hat and ran down the stairs , followed by the others . the hashish is beginning its work . young woman and a child of about seven or eight clasped in each other ’ s arms . woman who has just entered that box ? ” had loved him so tenderly	76.69058227539062
, loved him still , although a <unk> . albert is your friend ? ” at his precaution in taking the timber , for without it he would have been unable , perhaps , to reach the <unk> to return to shore , should he be unsuccessful in attracting attention . ! ” said emmanuel , thinking of morcerf and danglars . agreed to and mousqueton played the role of barber . doctor ! with arabesques , bathing its terraces in the water , and another floor , looking on the lake , was all which was visible to the eye . the lowest streets in the city , and in half an hour ’ s time he stopped before a little isolated house . , ” said	109.98579406738281
franz , “ that human justice is insufficient to console us ; she can give blood in return for blood , that is all ; but you must demand from her only what it is in her power to grant . ” the last in the kingdom of france open to the english , and by closing it against england , our eternal enemy , the cardinal completed the work of <unk> of <unk> and the duc de guise . beautiful , so large , that i believe a man of your size should pass through each frame . ” , it appears , to have our <unk> pierced in all sorts of ways . ” , no , ” said caderousse . , ” said d ’	75.69139099121094
artagnan , turning to mordaunt . the count with an air of surprise , remarkably well counterfeited ; “ i really did not remember . ” had run , with the first instinct of a woman towards the man she loves , and who yet betrays her , <unk> could but give her advice , she must apply to someone more powerful than he . bound to say , was graciously granted ; which compels us here to give a public <unk> to the <unk> who pretend that we live under a government but moderately indulgent to men of letters . no consequence , ” he added , with a <unk> smile . ? ” aramis , “ i do justice to the beauties of this thesis ;	103.45870208740234
but at the same time i perceive it would be overwhelming for me . de winter was in affairs of the service , and in relations of friendship with the duke , gave the preference to the one who came in his name . ” asked d ’ artagnan , hesitatingly . went out without any mystery , took his horse , which was tied with those of his friends to the <unk> of the shutters , in four words convinced the attendant of the necessity of a vanguard for their return , carefully examined the priming of his pistols , drew his sword , and took , like a <unk> hope , the road to the camp . to indemnify himself for all these <unk> and <unk>	48.40583419799805
during the carnival , knowing full well that among the different states and kingdoms in which this festivity is celebrated , rome is the spot where even the wisest and gravest throw off the usual rigidity of their lives , and deign to mingle in the follies of this time of liberty and relaxation . that letter was everything . be sure , the little <unk> xiv . ” and confidential , and for that reason i send it to you by a man who shares my most intimate counsels . the question must be viewed differently ; in receiving and aiding him , france will censure the acts of the english nation , and thus so essentially harm england , and especially the <unk> of the government	182.8112335205078
, that such a proceeding will be equivalent to pronounced hostilities . ” the reader will remember , who had broken parry ’ s head . ; she would have cut your throat , and after that everybody else ’ s . ; their tears will deprive me of the courage to die . ” ? ” , do we plague ourselves about money , when there is a diamond ? ” was a stifled groan . midst of these good people , so peacefully assembled there , would not have produced a more appalling effect . after her with a gloomy air . window which looked into the courtyard . handfuls of pearls , diamonds , and other gems , many of which , mounted by the	108.7291488647461
most famous workmen , were valuable beyond their <unk> worth . them the key of his <unk> least such was the apparent motive of his visit . ” buckingham ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . when i assure you that if i do not attempt to resist my father ’ s commands it is more on your account than my own . ” is the man who rendered you this <unk> to you ? ” pistoles , my dear friend , ” said d ’ artagnan , taking the sum from his pocket ; “ i know that is the coin in which you were paid for your poems . ” , who would not even receive me . d ’ artagnan . will come with me	42.99858856201172
then , maximilian ? ” your oldest friends . ” , decidedly . ” custom to the successor of father marteau , my lord ? ” to what i say in this my dying moment . , ” replied he with a smile , “ you are all you boast of being , excepting one thing ; i will not too hastily tell you which , but would rather leave you to guess it . ” italian <unk> . ” ” cried edmond , falling on his knees before his father . a few near relatives alone entered the sanctuary . you should go and bring your count of monte cristo to us . ” said , when he was in his room , “ you do not	72.26119232177734
expect , i presume , to keep me here a long time incognito ? ” this , and expect me the 21st of may at the same hour in the forenoon . ” be visible on your countenance , bear your grief as the cloud bears within it ruin and <unk> fatal secret , known only when the storm bursts . astonishment at this singular conduct until they heard footsteps . place , this woman i have described must be found who is desirous of avenging herself upon the duke . ” villefort , how would you advise me to act ? ” asked he . ” of the cathedral and placed himself in ambuscade at the corner of the rue des <unk> ; it was impossible that	103.44627380371094
bazin should go out of the cathedral without his seeing him . ” said villefort , turning over the leaves of a register ; “ i have <unk> sailor , who was about to marry a young catalan girl . artagnan saw that his wish was accomplished and his man would not escape him , he recovered his usual tranquillity . ” said athos , “ i have been a soldier all my life and i know the force of orders ; but outside your orders there is a service you can render me . ” the vestibule , another man was entering likewise , dusty , out of breath , leaving at the gate a post horse , which , on reaching the palace , tumbled on	78.10824584960938
his <unk> . first to arrive . story ; it was the telegraph room . honor as captain of the royal guards . ” valise i want , ” cried porthos , “ is a <unk> one , my dear . ” repent ? ” stammered danglars . counsel : —our accounts are made up and our bills paid ; all we have to do is to stop the issue of any more , and close our office . ’ ” said a light-horseman , with a glass of brandy in his hand , which he sipped slowly . , ” returned beauchamp . go away without having seen grimaud . ” executioner of lille , and this is my history . ” ! of this contract ,	79.55549621582031
as i performed mine , you bought me from the scotch , cheaply , i know , and that does honor to the <unk> talent of your government . deepest of his strategic meditations , the door opened , and rochefort returned . that he offered to them , but of such a kind as the arabian fairies might be supposed to prepare . i have that of the garter , which king charles i. gave me some days before he died . ” portsmouth ? ” father , haydée ? ” <unk> had died of apoplexy . but becomingly , clad in the dress peculiar to the merchant <unk> costume somewhat between a military and a civil garb ; and with his fine countenance , radiant with	128.92274475097656
joy and happiness , a more perfect specimen of manly beauty could scarcely be imagined . , aramis ? ” ’ s symptoms ? ” . i see that i must trust <unk> to you . ” , monsieur de rochefort , ” replied mazarin , “ i am not , like monsieur de richelieu , all-powerful . a look designed to penetrate the mask of the unknown headsman . ? as debray was signing the deed , that is about five o ’ clock in the afternoon , madame de morcerf , after having affectionately embraced her son , entered the _coupé_ of the diligence , which closed upon her . friends or our enemies , ” said milady , with her terrible coolness . maximilian .	60.05381393432617
of which we are ignorant ? ” , i wish you good-morning , ” said monte cristo . his pistol at aramis , fired . around , and he burst into a loud laugh . of the house ; i proceeded to the stable and found my horse saddled and my lackey ready . dantès . of your old master ? ” said monte cristo . , he had acquired the protection and good will of the queen ; but the favor of the queen was at the present time an additional cause of persecution , and her protection , as it was known , protected <unk> witness chalais and mme . goes may make us believe he has been to london and may stop at <unk> ,	68.22767639160156
let us give him only half the sum promised him , with the letter , with an agreement that he shall have the other half in exchange for the reply . the interior of the inn and the apparent poverty of the persons who were about to sell him a diamond that seemed to have come from the casket of a prince . the youth of d ’ artagnan , and dreaded his <unk> . positively what she is capable of , read her past history on her left shoulder . ” t concern me ; it relates to mademoiselle marie michon . ” they had got out to sea . . ” ” la fere ? ” asked the king . said the governor , when the	56.46835708618164
task was ended . with a cunning rather than serious glance , yet he examined his countenance with attention and after a momentary silence said : , if you assure me that m. de morcerf does not know these pistols , you may readily believe that your word will be quite sufficient . ” go to greenwich and ask for the captain of the felucca lightning . cried , scarcely able to believe his good <unk> “ sir , i can not understand your generosity ! ” is a member of the club , ” said the president ; “ we shall be driven by a <unk> . ” not made you wait too long , sir , ” said the duke ; “ at all events ,	56.076412200927734
here i am . ” same instant four shots were fired , and the balls were flattened against the wall around athos , but not one touched him . then , some apology or explanation ? ” , for i have expended all mine in <unk> a vessel . ” the line that indicates the constant presence of bitter thoughts ; he had the fiery eyes that seem to penetrate to the very soul , and the haughty and disdainful upper lip that gives to the words it <unk> a peculiar character that <unk> them on the minds of those to whom they are addressed . one thing , you will be so amiable as to set aside all impediments . ” wish to have a share in	108.22616577148438
my revenge . had an old father whom he loved , a betrothed bride whom he adored . hearing ? spat in the face of the captive monarch athos grasped his dagger . but his tongue refused to move . the blood , not the king ’ s uncle , but the base conspirator , the soul of every cabal , who pretends to lead the brave people who are weak enough to believe in the honor of a prince of the <unk> the prince nearest to the throne , not the king ’ s uncle , i repeat , but the murderer of chalais , of montmorency and of <unk> , who is playing now the same game he played long ago and who thinks that he	111.93767547607422
will win the game because he has a new <unk> of a man who threatened , a man who smiles . but the count exercised over him also the <unk> a strong mind always <unk> over a mind less <unk> . never known any sinbad , with the exception of the one celebrated in the _thousand and one <unk> ” , bursting with his usual coarse laugh , “ i know you frenchmen want nothing but cuts and <unk> . ” death he was in some manner prepared ; but he knew not how to account for the mysterious disappearance of mercédès . having spoken without permission , my friend , you will please to eat this piece of paper ; then to recompense you for the service	112.4609146118164
you will have rendered us , you shall afterward drink this glass of wine . said the queen , “ think that in such a case other <unk> should be raised to oppose it . for signor pastrini , when that worthy presented himself . , monsieur ? ” demanded the musketeer , <unk> a step , and with a foreign accent , which proved to d ’ artagnan that he was deceived in one of his conjectures . as you see , which is <unk> . ” to him , then ? ” mercédès , “ but i have seen him whom i loved on the point of murdering my son . ” artagnan was <unk> with his company . said , kneeling , “ look upon	43.02894592285156
the unhappy man at your feet . you are unbearable . to see either his wife or his daughter , went at once to his study , and , offering the young man a chair : with him ? , had loved the queen . cromwell . all paris was in expectation . at home ? ” and there like so many demons completing some unknown labor ; these were the beggars of the court of <unk> agents of the giver of holy water in the square of saint eustache , preparing barricades for the morrow . , for she is much to be pitied . interruption , and , in fact , did not hear what was said ; he longed to be alone , and free	108.48957824707031
to ponder over all that had occurred . last speaker , grimaud started and felt a shudder creeping through his very marrow . report of the gownsmen to be placed in comparison with the word of honor of a swordsman ? ” replied tréville haughtily . waiting for him already at his post in the ante-room . with a pretty little girl for this evening , and do not wish to be known ; lend me your livery till tomorrow . old man , “ ask me nothing ; for if i dared tell you what i have seen , certainly no good would befall me . ” villefort naturally was , and his present excitement frightened her so much that she opened her mouth to scream ,	127.29328155517578
but the sound died in her throat . if advantage had been taken of his sleep , and having found his diamond ring on his finger , his purse in his pocket , and his pistols in his belt , he rose , paid for his bottle , and went out to try if he could have any better luck in his search after his lackey than he had had the night before . of plots is my <unk> . ” in the corridor , greatly troubled and much upset by such strange events ; she called some of the <unk> , who against all <unk> custom found themselves in the presence of five men . come in . ” three men together , monsieur comminges , ”	78.54227447509766
said mazarin , “ we must double the guard , and we are not rich enough in fighting men to commit such acts of <unk> . ” it is in thy palpitating bosom that i have found that which i sought ; like a patient miner , i have dug deep into thy very entrails to root out evil thence . dear friend ; i state only what we all know . , pardon me ! ” he murmured ; “ if not in the name of god , at least in your own name ; if not as priest , then as son . ” the travellers and paris , almost superhuman serenity appeared to surround the count ; he might have been taken for an exile	142.2964324951172
about to revisit his native land . assist me in finding my wife . remembrance of madame <unk> left on his character a certain poetic tinge , <unk> indeed ; for like all other recollections in this world , these impressions were , by degrees , effaced . understood the old man ’ s meaning . we should find him at this hour at his post ? ” monte cristo ; “ i told you i did not wish to be behind my time ; i dressed myself in the carriage , and descended at the viscount ’ s <unk> ” the young men looked at each other ; they did not know if it was a comedy monte cristo was playing , but every word he uttered	81.45732116699219
had such an air of simplicity , that it was impossible to suppose what he said was <unk> , why should he tell a falsehood ? your politeness , sir , are the guarantees of that . ” , my dear son ? ” said the major gravely . is the matter with you , my friend ? ” said porthos . as if the sonorous tones of monte cristo ’ s voice had awakened her from a dream ; and she resumed her narrative . made you his heir , died in three hours of a strange disorder which left livid traces all over the body . my master , ” said the concierge , shaking his head . de la fère , milady de winter ,	51.039947509765625
” said he , “ your crimes have wearied men on earth and god in heaven . great hand of porthos with her delicate fingers , smiled , made the sign of the cross , and left the church . coachman ; ali will drive . ” the cause of his visit , and the service he required of him . to be very well supplied just then , and gradually the man appeared less ugly , the bread less black , and the cheese more fresh , while those dreadful vulgar onions recalled to his mind certain <unk> and <unk> , which his cook prepared in a very superior manner whenever he said , “ monsieur <unk> , let me have a nice little <unk> <unk> ”	134.08477783203125
he got up and knocked on the door ; the bandit raised his head . else was to be expected of them ? ” asked comminges , who , putting together what mazarin had said of his prisoners and what the comte de la fere had said , began to feel a degree of uneasiness . , your excellency . ” business the four friends were able to take away with them a sum of money which , if not large , was sufficient as a provision against delays and accidents . , since he has become an abbé . chapter lvii . surely , valentine , you are mistaken ? ” deceived , ” murmured the magistrate ; “ come and see her , and on her	69.96675109863281
bed of agony entreat her pardon for having suspected her . ” . ” , because had we allowed her to live she would have persisted in her work of destruction . and was gazing on his dead relative with an expression of malignant hatred . : he would go to dammartin , from which place two roads diverge , one toward soissons , the other toward compiegne ; there he would inquire concerning the bracieux estate and go to the right or to the left according to the information obtained . , and <unk> ” comprehend that i want you and your three friends to be of use to me ? ” ” of relating all that had passed , but she suddenly remembered that in doing	135.33226013183594
so she must reveal a terrible secret which concerned others as well as her grandfather , and she said : natural , and in conformity with the law of reprisals . ’ aramis . wicked are great drinkers of water ; as the flood proved once for all . ” something else to do . ” and the little troop advanced at charging pace . the queen , biting her lips , whilst her courtiers looked at each other with surprise , “ what is the desire of my people ? ” about ? ” the count , without appearing to notice the different impressions which his presence produced on the little circle , “ i come to seek you . ” the double meaning of his own	72.85938262939453
sentence , but continued to compassionate the fate of <unk> concini . . see her again ! thinking whether we ought to come armed or not . ” the king and with the remainder sweep away this mob for me . ” for us four ; it is too much for us two . the remorse he feels in his heart . ” said m. de busigny ; “ so let us fix the stake . ” fact , the four friends arrived punctually at the hour , each from his own abode or occupation . just arrived , ” and she handed the letter to d ’ artagnan . , very well , ” said the major , clutching the buttons of his coat at each exclamation	84.58536529541016
. be very uneasy on your account . ” , after all , a good companion ; i will not detain you , and will try to cure myself of my ambition . ” like you had fixed all his hopes of happiness upon a woman . is as simple as possible , ” replied monte cristo . of that voice , started like a man awakened from a sleep of a hundred years . really <unk> from the neighborhood of rome . or vision , he had this time sufficient self-command not to enter . by the beautiful glow which mounted to her cheeks . nervous shudder , since the dinner at auteuil , and the events which followed it , that madame danglars heard monte cristo	74.3999252319336
’ s name announced . chap of twenty-one mean with a fine <unk> of seventeen ? ” monsieur de la trémouille , from the duke himself . sorry to tell you he is perfectly well . ” tent ; they had no plan <unk> must think of one . had disturbed me during my year of constant agony came back with double force . absence , and furnished with the half of the linen , and having written down the day and hour at which i had deposited the child at the asylum , had set off for paris , and had <unk> it . door harnessed to the carriage as your excellency desired . and a strangely agitated sleep ; she fancied this morning in her sleep	117.01966094970703
that her soul was hovering above her body , which she at the same time watched . a painting by léopold robert or <unk> . and talk of our companions . ” ? ” , ” said athos , “ but it matters not ; since you know the solution of it i ask no further . madame , was my arrest ; but you do not know how long that arrest lasted . and let us see what you know . ” himself shall not save them , ” rejoined mordaunt . the coadjutor has promised . ” from the scabbard . same . . are right , and i am glad to see that you do justice to the count at last . ” replied d	53.42107009887695
’ artagnan ; “ here it is . ” some fine things in our time and we gave that poor cardinal a few threads to unravel . ” what you were about to say . ” d ’ artagnan ; “ i regret to see that we , hitherto united , are opposed to each other . ” said mousqueton . of his doublet , seeing which , porthos unfastened his entirely . politeness , the philosophy he witnessed <unk> him , he muttered a few words of general civility and ran downstairs . . round felton ’ s neck , and let herself slip out of the window . thou <unk> man , thou extravagant <unk> , thou awakened sleeper , thou all-powerful visionary , thou invincible	109.62085723876953
millionaire , <unk> again review thy past life of starvation and wretchedness , revisit the scenes where fate and misfortune conducted , and where despair received thee . slaves , convinced of the precarious <unk> on which they held their lives , passed whole days and nights in praying , crying , and groaning . ” cried he , “ and why does he come ? ” at my hôtel . arm thrown around his body , and a well-known voice behind him exclaimed , “ <unk> father ! ” locked her door , while louise fell on a chair . ” said planchet , “ you must buy me a watch . ” ” said lucien with an air of sovereign contempt , “ do i ever	147.2905731201172
read the papers ? ” with natural astonishment in their little apartment in the rue meslay upon the three successive , sudden , and most unexpected catastrophes of morcerf , danglars , and villefort . the two harnesses were worth three hundred pistoles . <unk> <unk> “ so be it . ” porthos , with a sigh , “ it is amusing . ” tell what she says to me ! ? ” you meddle , ” said fernand , seizing his arm ; “ but this i know , you have some motive of personal hatred against dantès , for he who himself hates is never mistaken in the sentiments of others . ” beg . cried danglars . neighbors ? ” decline , but they could	80.17208099365234
find no good reason for refusing an offer which was so agreeable to them . , and hesitated . little <unk> crossing the path which they were following . friends ! ” murmured d ’ artagnan ; “ where are you ? contrary , he was very kind to me . ” end of the affair ? ” assumed a still further shade of brown from the habit the unfortunate man had acquired of <unk> himself from morning till eve at the threshold of his door , on the lookout for guests who seldom came , yet there he stood , day after day , exposed to the <unk> rays of a burning sun , with no other protection for his head than a red handkerchief twisted around	115.67195129394531
it , after the manner of the spanish <unk> . ! —it would be necessary to prove what tribunal had imposed it on me , and i could have made a public appeal to all the tribunals of the kingdom ; but the brand of france ! —oh , by that , by <unk> i was branded indeed ! ” the shore by a chain fixed to a stake . your thousand crowns from the abbey and the twelve thousand francs you make by selling sermons , are you rich ? me . on the centre table . near the thickest part of the hedge . ’ s directions . ” <unk> , ” said the visitor , “ and although you are said to be rich ,	84.56391143798828
i will venture to offer you something for your poor people ; will you accept my offering ? ” , has he not , madame ? ” asked the count . <unk> , the <unk> flower , that down of the peach , had evaporated to the winds through the little orthodox counsels which the three musketeers gave their friend . monsieur ! ” said the light-horseman , drawing from his <unk> a very handsome watch , studded with diamonds ; “ half past seven . ” else could you play for ? as you and i . ” , he opened his eyes . , then ? ” asked the queen , motioning to raoul to rise . you a most <unk> story. ” and he looked	64.20320129394531
at the young man as if he would read the bottom of his heart . , this time i shall find you <unk> ” and d ’ artagnan , making himself as small as he could , concealed himself in the darkest side of the street near a stone bench placed at the back of a niche . was over himself , my persecutor allowed a movement of anger to escape him . toward the skies with an explosion like that of a hundred cannon ; the air burned , <unk> by flaming embers , then the frightful lightning disappeared , the <unk> sank , one after another , into the abyss , where they were extinguished , and save for a slight vibration in the air ,	82.42623901367188
after a few minutes had elapsed one would have thought that nothing had happened . own horse , nine against <unk> how <unk> formed an idea of <unk> yours . ” passed on . proposed for the <unk> . ” question of the past , but of the present , ” said the queen ; “ you said you could give me <unk> is it ? ” the second house on the right on entering from the direction of paris . ” say that the flirtation between albert and the fair peasant continued all day . , ” replied monte cristo ; “ as that poor edmond will not have long to be loved by you . no occasion to work , for the little sum of money	60.15460968017578
buried by you , and which i found in the place you mentioned , will be sufficient to maintain me . d ’ artagnan to himself , “ can this be the seigneur du vallon de bracieux de pierrefonds ? four are at your service . ” , of which the first act only is played . him arrested while in paris ? ” know that it is not i who caused you to be written to . ” looked at the trees , i tried to recall the details which had struck me at the time . separated ? ” porthos , much affected , “ should we ever see my castle of pierrefonds again you shall have as your own and for your descendants the vineyard	85.00154113769531
that surrounds the farm . ” m. de morcerf . ” ! ” said kitty , in a low voice , “ what is the matter with you ? boast of anything . ” now without anybody suspecting us , for , with the help of god , we shall henceforth pass for cardinalists . ” come expressly on that account ; it has cost me much trouble to find you , but i had resolved on giving them into your hands , and if i had to recommence my search , it would occupy all the few remaining years of my life . ” s service we need horses . ” on a physical medium , you must return the medium with your written explanation . said	73.696044921875
, “ there is the stone upon which i used to sit ; there is the impression made by my shoulders on the wall ; there is the mark of my blood made when one day i dashed my head against the wall . idea of the carnival at rome . throw up fifty , and when the day comes , to defend them . ” and notwithstanding his well-known difficulty of utterance , addressed them as follows : that the prince had in reality quitted bethune and stationed himself between <unk> and la venthie . the clock struck ten ; at the fifth stroke the door opened and lord wilmore appeared . perfectly passive during this long preamble , while , on the contrary , villefort ’	105.7318115234375
s eye was endeavoring to penetrate into the inmost recesses of the old man ’ s heart . as if his heart would break , and then buried his face in his hands . number of my friends . rights of the great land owners . ; we have a second bed in the adjoining room . ’ would prefer dying on the spot to being arrested or taking back a step . do so . , ” said albert . allow it is the best thing for the stomach ; but i hear beauchamp in the next room ; you can dispute together , and that will pass away the time . ” said the old man . _fêtes_ are over ; the italian opera is in	61.60533905029297
london ; the french opera everywhere except in paris . ” cried d ’ artagnan , looking at his friend with an air of doubt . hard pressed by gendarmes or carbineers ; well , they see a vessel , and good fellows like us on board , they come and demand hospitality of us ; you can ’ t refuse help to a poor hunted devil ; we receive them , and for greater security we stand out to sea . iris of which <unk> or <unk> at pleasure , ” said debray ; “ <unk> angle strongly developed , magnificent forehead , livid complexion , black beard , sharp and white teeth , politeness <unk> . ” more a monarch than king , queen , and	160.05990600585938
cardinal , all three together . here ? ” he asked in a lofty tone , as that of one accustomed to command . gave two thousand crowns for it , as he once told me . mercédès ; what she threatens she will do . ” , mother , how beautiful i think you ! ” said the young man , impressed with a profound feeling of filial love . cause of this sorrow and anxiety , and as it was not his accustomed hour for visiting her , she had gone to the spot simply by accident or perhaps through sympathy . me with their intentions , and i only discovered them by chance , that is why i have been so reserved with you ,	81.87102508544922
dear grandpapa . do not understand ) , was the reply . sir ! their <unk> press yours in <unk> keep up a whispering <unk> you to accompany them home . , ” replied the baroness , “ one can wish for nothing , one is so sure to obtain it . which you knew , but you have certainly forgotten it . ” ! had his eyes fixed upon this man , became very pale , and let his glass fall . shaking his handkerchief as an exchange of signals . in his mind planchet did his best to make up for lost time at table . , explain yourself . ” and despair at the same time ? ” said a voice that seemed to come	83.68814086914062
from beneath the earth , and , deadened by the distance , sounded hollow and sepulchral in the young man ’ s ears . thought d ’ artagnan seized athos by the waist , and followed by porthos with aramis , leaped down from the benches , rushed into the passages , and flying down the staircase were lost in the crowd without , while the muskets within were pointed on some three thousand spectators , whose piteous cries and noisy alarm stopped the impulse already given to bloodshed . , but not one of the guests had a costume similar to her own , or those of her companions . those who had aided in his escape . up the idea ? ” by the calmness ,	98.16482543945312
even the gayety of the queen ’ s manner . to the cardinal , but belong to me as well , and i will take upon myself the making of your fortune . coming out again ? ” to nine , ” said he . they have been stolen , perhaps the person who stole them still has them in his hands . ” table was cleared ; but milady remarked that this time felton did not accompany the soldiers . till midday , or if not , i will leave a receipt with my steward . ” you ought to perceive , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ from the place in which you find me , that i am greatly changed in everything . original	55.79156494140625
color , ” said aramis ; “ i never saw one with such a hide in my life . ” longer in the city , sir , ” said she . will do wonderfully well , ” said athos . amounts to treason . ” ” he said . that he belonged to the latter unhappy class , when planchet approached and said : this conversation to a fitting termination ( the last we shall ever hold upon this subject ) , i will repeat to you some words i have heard from the lips of the abbé busoni . d ’ armilly , who thanked the count for the letters of introduction he had so kindly given her for italy , which she intended immediately to make	63.68564987182617
use of . think i have hitherto been deceived in you . a great and grand one—the convent of jesuits ? ” , he alighted in the court . went to the theatre , and installed themselves in the count ’ s box . bereft me of my senses , and finding that i could no longer be of service to anyone in the house , my only desire was to fly . mace , drew his knife , and with one stroke opened his throat , and mounting on his stomach , stamped violently on it with his feet . after the feast , with the <unk> of which he repaired his own long abstinence ; but when in the evening he made his master ’ s	81.69939422607422
bed , the chimeras of planchet faded away . my brothers ! a murder ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . andrea leaped with a lighter heart from the window , intending to slip through the hands of the gendarmes . <unk> bound on his feet by cords . much i will crush him , the insect ! head still covered , in the tone of a judge rather than a prisoner , charles began . preceded by the magistrate , and followed by the soldiers . the ranks and broke their swords in two . the englishman , “ is it you , my master ? . is not he ? ” said she . without paying for it , you blockhead ! ” rays , each	73.49177551269531
resolving itself into some strange form to her disordered imagination , when suddenly by its flickering light valentine thought she saw the door of her library , which was in the recess by the chimney-piece , open slowly , though she in vain listened for the sound of the hinges on which it turned . disapprove of my proposal . ” race ? ” murmured he ; “ abandon my purpose at the moment of its accomplishment ? subject , and monte cristo himself fell into a silent reverie . grimace ; mme . they did . room into which andrea had been led , he saw , while his eyes dilated with surprise , the dark and intelligent face of m. bertuccio , who was also gazing	122.622802734375
with sad astonishment upon the iron bars , the bolted doors , and the shadow which moved behind the other grating . another . there ! you better by this time ; but we are all possessed of a malignant spirit , which bids us doubt . ” it , ” said the eye of her grandfather . ; and as the king began to lose what he had won , he was not sorry to find an excuse for playing <unk> we may use a gaming phrase of whose origin we confess our ignorance . were still living , there would be nothing to fear , maximilian , for i would tell her that i loved you , and she would protect us . ” , “	86.0765380859375
anne , are you mad ? said the child , with that jeering smile which marks especially the “ <unk> de paris. ” “ well , we must wait . ” ? ” placed <unk> on its base , was the only spot to which they seemed to lead . i. was <unk> by a strong guard before the high court which was to judge him . tree till they arrived at twenty steps from the house unperceived and saw by means of a lantern suspended under a hut , four fine horses . , from the count of monte cristo to vicomte albert de morcerf and m. franz d ’ épinay . that he deceives me ; you mean to say that he betrays me ? with	112.73570251464844
the ceremony , so that neither the chariot nor the precautions taken by those who were within it had been observed . who detests you without reading you , so he says . ” taken , the effect is produced . be exhausted . ” , you know i am descended on the father ’ s side from the prophets and on the mother ’ s from the <unk> , and that i only speak in parables and riddles . leisure hours in the donjon of vincennes . but her heart beat with joy and secret hope shone in her eyes . the arrangement , or , rather , the <unk> <unk> , which , after coffee , the guests at a breakfast of modern days love to	112.43635559082031
contemplate through the vapor that escapes from their mouths , and <unk> in long and fanciful wreaths to the ceiling . not be prepared for everything , dear friend ? to see the accused pale , agitated , and as though beaten out of all composure by the fire of my <unk> ” renée uttered a smothered exclamation . lads , as quick as you <unk> ’ now , ” continued penelon , “ you see , m. morrel , a sailor is attached to his ship , but still more to his life , so we did not wait to be told twice ; the more so , that the ship was sinking under us , and seemed to say , ‘ get <unk> <unk> ’ we	118.24948120117188
soon launched the boat , and all eight of us got into it . security , the young man barricaded the door . went to present his respects to m. dessessart , and inform him of his promotion . god ! ” said she , “ thou knowest in what holy cause i suffer ; give me , then , strength to suffer . ” said athos , “ has forgotten to give a piece of very important information to the lady , and has sent me back to repair his forgetfulness . ” t be alarmed if i return at one , two or three o ’ clock in the morning ; indeed , do not be alarmed if i do not come at all . ”	61.88654708862305
; now bring the alicante and some biscuits . ” men of the church . ” franz , who lay wrapped in his cloak at the bottom of the boat , “ why do not those who have been plundered complain to the french , sardinian , or tuscan governments ? ” ” said athos , “ it is agreed . is not the sword that should be employed ; it is the poniard . ” carriage , which had turned round toward the way it came , jumped upon the step , and the carriage drove off . ” d ’ artagnan , “ that matters little . , ” replied the youth , smiling , “ that there ’ s no idea of a marriage for	48.96969985961914
me ; you know of my engagement to louise ? ” horse for the last time , and at nine o ’ clock galloped into the yard of tréville ’ s hôtel . <unk> before the prisoner arrived . escape of being eaten . ” said madame de chevreuse , “ unless you are the devil in person i don ’ t know how you could become acquainted with all these details . ” the courage of his own people . ” ” added he , “ i should have said , give them , besides , two hundred francs over as a present ; but times are changed , and the little money that remains to me is not my own , so do not think me	50.63130569458008
mean on this account . ” they drew the comte de wardes close to his servant ; and as night was approaching , and as the wounded man and the bound man were at some little distance within the wood , it was evident they were likely to remain there till the next day . was the friend of d ’ artagnan , he must have lent him his assistance in all the proceedings by whose aid the queen had defeated the project of his eminence ; if he was the friend of d ’ artagnan , he was the enemy of the cardinal ; and she doubtless would succeed in involving him in the vengeance by which she hoped to destroy the young musketeer . of it	69.68643188476562
as that we two are christians . ” , only he has followed your grace from the palais royal , stopped at the louvre to wait for you , and now leaves the louvre with you . ” these fourteen years . ” peace or war ! nothing . if you will not wait , we must look upon these projects as if they had never been entertained . ” d ’ artagnan pressed raoul ’ s hand . said comminges , “ as i was <unk> the young man for whom you have asked , he approached the glass door of the gallery , and gazed intently upon some object , doubtless the picture by raphael , which is opposite the door . that good fellow ,	65.71016693115234
porthos . with monte cristo , “ my dear count , ” said he , “ allow me to commence my services as _cicerone_ by showing you a specimen of a bachelor ’ s apartment . hitherto , god will preserve us still . ” , ” said athos , “ finish them at a blow . see you have not forgotten the name . ” ’ work to do to open communication with the king and , according to the calculations of the four friends , they had the entire day before them , since , the executioner being absent , another must be sent for to bristol . friend ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . monsieur , ” said milady , in a voice whose	51.64921188354492
singular sweetness contrasted with the symptoms of ill-humor which d ’ artagnan had just remarked ; “ you have today acquired eternal rights to my gratitude . ” you there , ” said d ’ artagnan . cried the friends , “ ’ tis then useless our seeing monsieur the coadjutor this evening , ” said aramis , “ so we give it up . ” , passing over the insults , <unk> the <unk> , and , when hatred overflowed all bounds and the accuser turned executioner beforehand , replying with a smile of lofty scorn . , “ you are right . brow , <unk> decided anxiety and uneasiness , instead of the expression of offended pride which had lately reigned there . dispute between the	129.79833984375
holy father and his son . and invited you without any ceremony , when you instantly answered that it would be impossible for you to accept , as you were going to tréport . ” arrested , edmond , and were a prisoner . ” , his chest heaved with his panting respiration . and left the room . and his mouth , so finely formed , assumed a wicked smile ; every blow he aimed was sure , and his pistol finished the <unk> the wounded wretch who tried to rise again . . under his pillow and gave it to grimaud . sadly . ” better , ” said rochefort , “ as i wish to continue my journey . ” , ” the vehicle was	75.64419555664062
the “ carriage , ” and the hôtel de londres was the “ <unk> ” the genius for <unk> characteristic of the race was in that phrase . lightning they perceived the village of <unk> . are wakeful . longer lost in one another , without anyone noticing their abstraction . , during which the fixed , searching eye of the abbé was employed in scrutinizing the agitated features of the innkeeper . adventure of the preceding day in all its details ; how , not having been able to sleep for the joy he felt in the expectation of seeing his majesty , he had gone to his three friends three hours before the hour of audience ; how they had gone together to the tennis court	125.18790435791016
, and how , upon the fear he had manifested lest he receive a ball in the face , he had been <unk> at by bernajoux , who had nearly paid for his jeer with his life , and m. de la trémouille , who had nothing to do with the matter , with the loss of his hôtel . go to your rooms , and try to sleep away all recollections of this evening . ” the answer , “ but it has lost nothing by waiting . ” one , ” said kitty , “ who appears to me quite a different sort of a man from that poor monsieur d ’ artagnan . ” he , turning to the two friends , “ will ,	55.1574821472168
i trust , do me the honor to breakfast with me ? ” artagnan ran to find athos . d ’ artagnan did not yet know milady . be of age in four years . rapped was that of a little laundress , who had been previously warned , and was not yet gone to bed . planchet had no liking for and that was starting on a journey with a hungry stomach . i will be on the ground at the proper time ; but in my opinion ( and i have a right to dictate the preliminaries , as it is i who have received the provocation ) —in my opinion the time ought not to be yet . he now ? ” asked he .	72.06076049804688
it . ” ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , unable in spite of the gravity of the occasion to help laughing . to have it ? . ” i ? ” cried felton . a keeper like la ramee , i should try also to have introduced to him by some friend or other a man who would be devoted to me , who would assist me in my flight . ” ! ” it cried . do more than he has promised . ” , contrary to his custom , gloomy and anxious , when an officer entered and announced to marshal de grammont that some one wished to see him . , baron , i have a great mind to pick a quarrel with you	51.29203796386719
for asking it ; as if all the world did not know who the countess g—— was . ” and the youthful louis , remaining the last , was amusing himself by placing some lead soldiers in a line of battle , a game which delighted him much . for a lantern in a <unk> near , and by its light they examined the weapons . quarter full , as we before stated . very hungry , ” replied mouston . ; i have been liberated by someone . ” understand , mother ! ” continued albert ; “ here are more than 4,000 francs settled on you ; upon these you can live at least two years . ” the day madame de lannoy , in her	103.61856842041016
quality of <unk> of the queen , looked for this casket , appeared uneasy at not finding it , and at length asked information of the queen . ” horse furniture is ? ” remain here permanently , as monsieur mazarin has kindly given me to understand , i must provide myself with a diversion for my old age , i must turn gourmand . ” the young girl , “ why am i thus pursued ? ” vallon de bracieux de pierrefonds , and resided on his new estate . blue frock-coat , buttoned up to the chin , and wore at his button-hole the <unk> of an officer of the legion of honor . french had not been again seen at marseilles ; the day after	102.64095306396484
, or two days after his visit to morrel , he had disappeared ; and as in that city he had had no intercourse but with the mayor , the inspector of prisons , and m. morrel , his departure left no trace except in the memories of these three persons . had adopted and who bore so striking a resemblance to him ? electronic works , then seeing that she paused , she said , “ don ’ t you know a gentleman named athos ? ” they tired out their executioners , but i did not believe them so strong against their lovers ! ’ was not on terms of strict intimacy with eugénie . ” with which we are acquainted , and entered noirtier ’	87.02165222167969
s room . while two silent tears rolled down her cheeks . but on the frontier he was met by <unk> ; he had tried victory by means of superhuman undertakings . cried the host ; “ where is the monk ? ” fault , my good ali , ” said the count in the arabic language , and with a gentleness none would have thought him capable of showing , either in voice or face— “ it is not your fault . them all about it . ” the court , exclaimed that “ the queen was very happy to have the succor of religion at such a <unk> ” this caused a universal burst of laughter . the arm , and led him into the antechamber	90.97227478027344
, where he found his two guards . louis xviii. , “ the duc de blacas assures me you have some interesting information to communicate . ” happened to me to do so in our blaisois forests , and i remember that the first time i encountered one with its eyes fixed upon me , curled up , <unk> its head and pointing its tongue , i remained fixed , pale and as though fascinated , until the moment when the comte de la <unk> ” his son ! ” he said ; “ that is a different thing . ” under a blue sky , at great distance from the coast . the gascon , “ we were sent , porthos and i , by cardinal mazarin	60.90190124511719
to fight for cromwell ; instead of fighting for cromwell we have served charles <unk> the same thing by any means . , ” said the envoy of the prefect of the police , “ but the light tries my eyes very <unk> ” the abbé lowered the shade . them , several innkeepers questioned , without a single clew being given to guide their inquiries , when at <unk> athos felt upon the table that something rough was touching his delicate fingers . given up the fight . the morning morcerf was conducted to his apartments , where a bath and supper were prepared . and understood them , and exclaiming , “ my mother ! ” he threw his arms around her neck . he ;	146.08673095703125
“ i have not the strength of mind you have , or rather that which you would not have , if instead of my daughter valentine your daughter madeleine were <unk> ” the doctor turned pale . she placed the poniard in his hand ; she made him kill the duke . , as a friend . ” for to-day ; you know the axiom , ‘ non <unk> in <unk> . ’ ” oh , my god , ” said he , with his eyes raised to heaven , “ as much for thy honor as for mine . ? ” he said . that he has given you satisfactory reasons for his landing at porto-ferrajo ? ” , ” rejoined mazarin . ’ s horse refused	62.452964782714844
to go on ; he could not breathe ; one last spur , instead of making him advance , made him fall . your latin ! ” said d ’ artagnan , who began to feel all his patience exhausted . that last case of yours was , my dear villefort ! ” remarked a third ; “ i mean the trial of the man for murdering his father . service to your majesty ? ” said all at once a voice full of sweetness and pity . in the way of honor , but very little in the way of wealth ; so that when the illustrious companion of the great henry died , the only inheritance he was able to leave his son was his sword	73.51343536376953
and his motto . a retreating shadow ; it was julie , who , uneasy herself , had anticipated her mother . a bell , announcing a visitor , will but accelerate the resolution of one in maximilian ’ s situation , and then the bell would be followed by a louder noise . ” their swords , and returned them to their <unk> . as your excellency may have observed , your horse is in the great gateway , ready saddled for your departure . ” and three months afterwards , around the twelve or fifteen small vessels which had brought these gypsies of the sea , a small village sprang up . sprang forward . d ’ artagnan , “ that is to say , the	93.45850372314453
queen wishes to leave paris . ” athos . returned albert ; “ no one has been able to accomplish that . ” , the more flattering it is to you ; it gives you an idea of your value . ” with a trembling voice read the following words : certainly not ; a good man , a man holding religious office , as does the abbé busoni , could not condescend to deceive or play off a joke ; but your excellency has not read all . ” however , by accident , as he said , and had carried the maiden off . bitter smile passed over her lips . a living in tuscany or piedmont by acting as <unk> or _cicerone_ , and i	87.7824935913086
pitied you sincerely , as i would a child of my own . , to tell them that at the moment at which , discouraged by so many fruitless investigations , we were about to abandon our search , we at length found , guided by the counsels of our illustrious friend <unk> paris , a manuscript in folio , <unk> <unk> or <unk> , we do not recollect which , having for title , “ memoirs of the comte de la fère , touching some events which passed in france toward the end of the reign of king louis xiii . chapter xxxiii . your name was d ’ artagnan . ” , that my heart is less touched by him than any other ; that would	97.04158020019531
be a <unk> ’ s reason , which i consider quite beneath me . know something about it . you spoke of vigilance and protection . navigation saw plainly that if any accident had occurred , it was not to the vessel herself , for she bore down with all the evidence of being skilfully handled , the anchor <unk> , the <unk> <unk> already <unk> off , and standing by the side of the pilot , who was <unk> the _pharaon_ towards the narrow entrance of the inner port , was a young man , who , with activity and vigilant eye , watched every motion of the ship , and repeated each direction of the pilot . a second ariosto . ” who was waiting for	110.76774597167969
him on the stairs . i had succeeded in recalling the <unk> to life , was to restore it to its mother ; but , in order to do so , i must have made close and careful inquiry , which would , in all probability , have led to my own apprehension ; and i clung to life , partly on my sister ’ s account , and partly from that feeling of pride <unk> in our hearts of desiring to come off untouched and victorious in the execution of our vengeance . efforts , and one of them cried in italian , “ courage ! ” the hotel du grand charlemagne . was desired , and returning five minutes after , he said : maximilian .	94.87030029296875
athos had directed him to do . sir , that prosperity has spoiled me ? ” ! ” said the prince , turning with a triumphant air toward marshal de grammont and the other officers . the ocean , that terrible barrier against freedom , which the prisoners look upon with utter despair . , believe me , but they must be those which enrich , not those which ruin . have met with you on the road , for it is exactly the same route which he himself took , and that is how we have been able to trace your journey to this place . ” , in which the most dangerous and desperate prisoners are confined , is called the court of saint-bernard . had	103.25176239013672
kept his promise to the transteverin , and there could now be no doubt that he was the count . and tranquillize your mind . a proverb current in france relating to water which is quiet . ” friend ? ” replied the baron , negligently . men , i accuse this woman of having urged me to the murder of the baron de wardes ; but as no one else can attest the truth of this accusation , i attest it myself . priest . being arrested , be all four together again , we should not , i am not sure , be twenty-four hours in prison without getting free . ” you won ’ t tell me you don ’ t know aramis ? ”	81.75251007080078
let us say no more about it , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ and let us burn this letter , which , no doubt , announces to you some fresh infidelity of your _grisette_ or your chambermaid . ” mercédès , stopping when she had reached the centre of the table , “ sit , i pray you , on my right hand ; on my left i will place him who has ever been as a brother to me , ” pointing with a soft and gentle smile to fernand ; but her words and look seemed to inflict the <unk> torture on him , for his lips became ghastly pale , and even beneath the dark hue of his complexion the blood might be	79.60027313232422
seen retreating as though some sudden pang drove it back to the heart . patrimony will go to endow charitable institutions , and my father will have deprived me of my lawful inheritance without any reason for doing so , but i shall have the satisfaction of knowing that i have acted like a man of sense and feeling . i can say , kitty ! , morrel , ” said the count , “ that i do not need entreating to spare the life of m. de morcerf ; he shall be so well spared , that he will return quietly with his two friends , while i—— ” appear to be totally ignorant of the cause which brings me here . ” been obliged to give	92.5953369140625
, during the commencement of the chapter , to the illustrious personages we have introduced into it , has diverted us for an instant from him to whom anne of austria owed the extraordinary triumph she had obtained over the cardinal ; and who , confounded , unknown , lost in the crowd gathered at one of the doors , looked on at this scene , <unk> only to four <unk> king , the queen , his eminence , and himself . ” said a voice , which athos recognized as that of aramis . , approached athos , still insensible , and as all this noise and commotion inconvenienced him greatly , he required , as the first and most urgent thing , that the musketeer should	116.83973693847656
be carried into an adjoining chamber . , after having fixed upon the plan . out and then , marry , come up , ask , and find out . , if i order you to live , morrel , it is in the conviction that one day you will thank me for having preserved your life . ” contrary fellow and might come back on purpose to have us hanged . ” dear valentine , ” said the baroness , “ that you are , doubtless , suffering . ” porthos , recollecting himself , “ but one uniform and one sword will not suffice for two . ” , my dear caderousse . entirely of porthos ’ s opinion , ” replied aramis . said d	53.03413772583008
’ artagnan to athos , “ entertain no further doubts about me ; i undertake all that concerns the king . ” the baroness , “ i thought you never put the money out to interest . ” <unk> ; and that is what is amusing you at this moment . , who was questioning him upon the details of his expedition , and every one was listening to his account , when d ’ artagnan and porthos were perceived at the door , behind the cardinal . madame , ” said the king , “ and i am ready to retire to my room when you have kissed me . that was yesterday , when i was telling you silly stories , it was proper to tell	44.84170913696289
me that , and not this morning . gentle and docile as lambs . ” i love you or love you not ; but what i know is that i will not be perjured . bandits are the shepherds who live between the city and the mountains , between civilized and savage life . , ” said aramis . illustrious politician of times past , of times present , and probably of times to come . , then , was , as we have said , to keep mme . astonishment . the ground , he was at the carriage-door . let us walk in the park , ” answered porthos , “ for the sake of digestion . ” ? ” stones , i suppose , ”	67.53683471679688
said franz with an incredulous smile . his footsteps , the two men threw themselves in each other ’ s arms , and while they were in the midst of this embrace , the count entered . to say ; but at all events , we have seen , by the <unk> <unk> of this story , that buckingham had the advantage over him , and in two or three circumstances , particularly that of the diamond studs , had , thanks to the devotedness of the three musketeers and the courage and conduct of d ’ artagnan , cruelly mystified him . . ” of , inasmuch as he had seen and spoken with him ; but of clement vii . ill . ” not possess the	51.67430114746094
175,000 francs i reclaim , you must have lent them to your friends , and m. debray is one of your friends . ” to prove the crime , was preparing his brief with the same ardor that he was accustomed to exercise when required to speak in criminal cases . ? ” who have so much influence over your grandpapa , try to make him <unk> . ” of france , and claimed their right of commanding the army under the orders of the king ; but the cardinal , who feared that bassompierre , a huguenot at heart , might press but feebly the english and rochellais , his brothers in religion , supported the duc d ’ angoulême , whom the king , at his	120.69984436035156
<unk> , had named lieutenant general . m. de villefort , be , as you always are , kind and equitable , and give him back to us <unk> ” this <unk> <unk> sounded revolutionary in the deputy ’ s ears . , but do not be angry without reason ; make inquiries , and if it be <unk> ” to your idea , then , my brain is turned . traces of poison ? ” athos . and beat the enemy . ” me , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ if i knew where the duke of buckingham was , from taking him by the hand and conducting him to the queen , were it only to <unk> the cardinal , and if we could	58.565208435058594
find means to play him a sharp turn , i vow that i would voluntarily risk my head in doing it . ” i must ask your leave of absence for some days . ” caution of monte cristo ; she fancied that the hand not holding the phial clasped a long sharp knife . bellegarde and beaucaire , and took the road to nîmes . ” heart , be blessed for all the good thou hast done and wilt do hereafter , and let my gratitude remain in obscurity like your good deeds . ” young man . the major , “ difficulties seem to thicken upon us ; will she be wanted in any way ? ” d ’ artagnan , really carried away by the	122.5428466796875
passion this woman had the power to <unk> in his heart , “ ah , that is because my happiness appears so impossible to me ; and i have such fear that it should fly away from me like a dream that i <unk> to make a reality of it . ” a breath , was heard in that vast assembly ; everyone waited anxiously . may not be visited upon him ! ” very much , ” said he . two friends was not in the least altered by the morning ’ s skirmish . murmured the count of morcerf . tomorrow i shall have to draw upon you for about four thousand francs ; but the count , expecting my bachelor ’ s revenue could not	76.65208435058594
suffice for the coming month ’ s outlay , has offered me a draft for twenty thousand francs . give it away or re-use it under the terms of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org . , who have passed twenty years between life and death ? , ask for the brig <unk> , and give this letter to the captain ; he will convey you to a little port , where certainly you are not expected , and which is ordinarily only frequented by fishermen . ” so ? ” with which you may inspire me . ” <unk> this fernand with your father . ” now if i was in funds , ” said d ’ artagnan , placing some	78.0595474243164
twenty pistoles upon the table . be long , it is to be hoped , ” said porthos ; “ for they have this morning hanged a spy who confessed that the rochellais were reduced to the leather of their shoes . more than half an hour . heard from the mouth of the young man to his own remembrances , he was enabled to form a pretty exact idea of a position of the seriousness of which , for the rest , the queen ’ s letter , short but explicit , gave him the clue . ” replied the cardinal . ourselves known we should be sent to rejoin our friends in some deep ditch , from which the devil himself could not take us out	73.71935272216797
. other , the trial was soon over . cousin . towards heaven , where a mysterious providence disposes all things , and out of a fault , nay , even a vice , sometimes produces a blessing . ’ artagnan , obliging athos to look in the direction he pointed , showed him the body of mordaunt floating on its back , which , sometimes <unk> , sometimes rising , seemed still to pursue the four friends with looks of insult and mortal hatred . turned around , and the dying man was by that turn brought nearer athos . have just received on the subject ; shall it be read , or shall it be passed over ? we shall find some way out of it	149.7814483642578
, ” responded m. de salvieux . the quarter of such a <unk> who am still only in the <unk> by selling my saddles , i shall procure it . not tasted the three or four glasses of rare wine which were placed before him , here took one , and drank it off . you say so ? ” said the <unk> , opening the gate . to carry me to some place where i may see a priest or take the trouble to send one to me here . read , and after conversing with her affectionately for a few minutes , dismissed her . madame , ” said monte cristo , “ as the orientals do not confine themselves , as did mithridates , to	85.58035278320312
make a cuirass of his poisons , but they also made them a dagger . to a life which you once , mercédès , had the power to render <unk> ; not one hour of peaceful calm was mine ; but i felt myself driven on like an exterminating angel . distribute this work in any binary , compressed , marked up , nonproprietary or proprietary form , including any word processing or hypertext form . in my grotto at monte cristo , of which bertuccio knows the secret . your excellency . ” that this frightful combination of crimes has been invented by a woman ? ” to watch over your life , madame , and i will watch . ” up the private stairs . ”	147.80938720703125
it to charitable purposes , then ? ” pursued the notary . i pray you , for your pleasure or your business . ” the captain with an accent of the most profound pity , “ we ought always to help one another . you knew him ? ” in english : ‘ you are a coward . guessed rightly , morrel , ” said the count , “ that is what i intended . ” to me merely to have thanked you for preserving my life and not to have uttered a word of all this . ” ; another man on horseback was galloping on that side . them , i pretended to return to the house , but i immediately went out a back door	57.1476936340332
, and stealing along in the shade of the hedge , i gained yonder clump of elder , from which i could hear and see everything . ; and i am curious to know how it will end . ” you to leave off wearing that style of dress . ” replied d ’ artagnan , shaking his head ; “ you have no more the appearance of coming from thence than you have of going there . ” immediately upon <unk> his house , informed his wife of his happy return , and his wife had replied by <unk> him , and telling him that the first moment she could steal from her duties should be devoted to paying him a visit . ? ” said the	77.93695831298828
major . foundation was reported to be unsafe ; but the report did not prevent the new occupant establishing himself there with his modest furniture the same day at five o ’ clock . , ” said athos ; “ we must wait for aramis . ” as he traversed the antechamber , made a sign to two gendarmes , who placed themselves one on dantès ’ right and the other on his left . ” , or was he face to face with reality ? that at a gesture of your majesty everything will be possible to him . deck , as he always did at an early hour , the patron found dantès leaning against the bulwarks gazing with intense earnestness at a pile of granite	111.52849578857422
rocks , which the rising sun tinged with rosy light . cried the people with one voice ; “ a pardon ! ” ? ” said the king . ” excellency is satisfied , it is all that i could wish . me ? said , “ yes , doubtless it is painful , if you violently break the outer covering which obstinately begs for life . money ? ” replied athos . doubt , in my look , my voice , my whole person , that sincerity of gesture , of attitude , of accent , which carries conviction to the most perverse minds , for he paused . an hour we shall know the emperor ’ s answer . he was leaving him , raised himself	68.96398162841797
on his elbow , and with a dying voice cried with great effort : in love with madame de chevreuse , you would hardly lay your heart at the feet of her mortal enemy ! ” gentlemen ! be in it ! ” dear count , for <unk> my mother as well as others ; much studied , but not <unk> , you still remain an enigma , do not fear . , you will lose a very curious sight , ” returned the count . ” said the count , with a significant shrug of the shoulders . . are the chevalier d ’ herblay and the comte de la fere , just arrived from london , and they can give you , as <unk> , such	62.22514724731445
details as you can convey to the queen , my royal sister . she would return to me through the grating of the door a minute after she had received it , ” replied felton . ” said caderousse ; and his eyes glistened at the thought of this <unk> revenge . consider these praises the result of blind maternal affection , but there is a soul of iron in that delicate , fragile body . it interests me very much , ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ and at this moment i have absolutely nothing to do . ” had hoped you set a higher value on the title of friend . ” be sorry to see us ? ” the floor . ” captains ,	76.11819458007812
with good pensions ! his pocket a second letter , presented it to the cardinal , and took his seat . his sword . . with all my heart , monseigneur ; be assured of that . ” morrel with a bitter smile , “ i am <unk> have already said <unk> as a selfish man i think not of what others would do in my situation , but of what i intend doing myself . rospigliosi and spada paid for being cardinals , and eight other persons paid for the offices the cardinals held before their elevation , and thus eight hundred thousand crowns entered into the coffers of the <unk> . observing him and guessing his thoughts , took his arm and led him into the	80.08423614501953
garden . , fare better ? who durst presume to doubt his words with the look of one equally surprised and displeased . replied mercédès , “ am going , and i acknowledge i had depended on your accompanying me ; have i deceived myself ? ” the chancellor paid a visit to the pieces of furniture named ; but he well knew that it was not in a piece of furniture that the queen would place the important letter she had written that day . and , in a few hours , will be executed ; it must be so , and i will not endeavor to prevent it . gentlemen is ready , ” said the host . extinct in the body of his friend ,	80.77059936523438
then , taking up the knife , he with difficulty forced open the closely fixed jaws , carefully administered the appointed number of drops , and anxiously awaited the result . addressed ? ” , and looked at both sea and land . globe he inhabited , and of which he could feel nothing , appeared to him perfectly impossible . . ” loss of blood by <unk> . arms , hypocritical and dangerous woman , ” said d ’ artagnan , likewise to himself , “ after having abused me with such effrontery , and afterward i will laugh at you with him whom you wish me to kill . ” examined his arms with the utmost coolness ; he had two double-barrelled guns and a rifle	146.61032104492188
; he loaded them , looked at the priming , and waited quietly . not as yet generally known . represent ? ” my martyrdom , and believe me , both will have their reward . intelligent creatures , united by the <unk> ties of maternal and filial love , had succeeded in <unk> understanding one another , and <unk> their <unk> , and albert had been able to tell his mother without <unk> a change of countenance : she , “ we have been overheard ! taken from the book , since he calls himself sinbad the sailor , and has a cave filled with gold . ” i think they are poor , sir . ” cause ? ” demanded aramis . perhaps true ; they	97.10698699951172
know my habits . must remember that monsieur de chavigny is governor of vincennes , ” continued la ramee , “ and that monsieur de chavigny is not friendly to monsieur de beaufort . ” ” replied albert , “ that she was sixty-six years old . the count , smiling with his own peculiar smile , “ not so bad for a man who is to be shot at seven o ’ clock tomorrow morning . ” mine would have sunk beneath this ordeal ; but my love came out from it more ardent and more eternal . horse , monsieur de bragelonne ? ” long to dantès , but monte cristo found it equally short . my monthly allowance to five hundred francs , my little	57.69445037841797
fellow ? only the <unk> who deny friendship ; they can not understand it . you want on that table , ” said the waiter . door well ; then we will follow yonder cavalier . ” of that in what you have just related to me . ” groups collected in the streets , or silence their exclamations , were in vain . yes , ” signed the paralytic , casting on valentine a look of joyful gratitude for having guessed his meaning . to make me captain of the _pharaon_ ? ” ” . say ! of the last hours of charles i . <unk> on your account , and delight with that noble girl , thus pursuing paternal vengeance . she . is to the	99.9688720703125
behavior of an actor in the <unk> <unk> . the cardinal , “ your commands to the most respectful of your servants . ” , and not give the devil the wicked delight of sending him a <unk> ” a shout of laughter followed this brutal jest . that moment to contemplate that red <unk> gorgeous robe of <unk> the rich lace , or who gazed on that pale brow , bent in anxious meditation , might , in the solitude of that apartment , combined with the silence of the <unk> and the measured paces of the guards upon the landing-place , have fancied that the shade of cardinal richelieu lingered still in his accustomed <unk> . ? ” replied d ’ artagnan . ease made andrea	124.8194808959961
feel that he was , for the moment , restrained by a more muscular hand than his own , and that the restraint could not be easily broken through . ” monte cristo took a paper from his pocket , upon which were drawn three signs , with numbers to indicate the order in which they were to be worked . what i will do ? ” we left england , ignorant of the state of politics here , having left paris before the departure of the king . ” athos , who had assumed the command of the expedition , “ while grimaud spreads the table , let us begin by collecting the guns and cartridges together . the light of <unk> , gleaming in front of	71.25499725341797
him like a star . the same ; they are like old <unk> when they are not glittering in oriental splendor . ” the king , “ that consoles me ; they are not all traitors . ” he , as he retired as quickly as possible from the reproaches of kitty , “ i must not play the fool . ; enough blood has flowed , enough misery has humbled a town deprived of its king and of justice . . ” the very worst offence they could possibly commit ; for , don ’ t you see , renée , the king is the father of his people , and he who shall plot or contrive <unk> against the life and safety of the parent of	120.42338562011719
thirty-two millions of souls , is a <unk> upon a fearfully great scale ? ” the president , “ your name and surname ? ” door for you , ” said valentine , addressing morrel . project gutenberg™ ” added d ’ artagnan , timidly . athos ; “ i had a plan . rolled over a fine gravel , milady could hear a vast roaring , which she at once recognized as the noise of the sea dashing against some steep <unk> . ! ” at this last command all the sails were lowered , and the vessel moved almost imperceptibly onwards . chevalier , or the abbé d ’ herblay , as your majesty pleases . ” i had entirely forgotten it . ” said aramis	78.71346282958984
, with the tone of philosophical indifference which he had assumed since he had belonged to the church and in which there was more <unk> than confidence in god , “ what is the use of thinking of it all ? going to the house of the duc de <unk> , who has sent for him . ? ” picard . ” , stupefied to find him so almost <unk> calm . one of those wretches with whom the palace swarms and who are placed about her as spies ! to be taken ? ” asked the <unk> “ anywhere out of your presence , ” replied m. d ’ épinay . the count ; “ i was forced to go out of my road to obtain some	54.45342254638672
information near nîmes , so that i was somewhat late , and therefore i did not choose to stop . ” , and placed themselves at table . ? ” cried rochefort . will be away from this place ; your life , madame , will then no longer be under my care , and , ” added he , with a sigh , “ then you can do what you will with it . ” with his thoughts , the night lighted up by his illusions , and the silence animated by his anticipations . with his two friends . quickly men forget ! ” cried the procurator ’ s wife , raising her eyes toward heaven . i beg your pardon ! ” exclaimed raoul ,	43.5847282409668
ashamed of so much attention ; “ in an instant i shall be dressed . ” said villefort , pressing her hand , “ it was too severe for your strength , for you were twice overwhelmed , and yet—— ” followed him with his eyes until he saw him spring out on the quay and disappear in the midst of the throng , which from five o ’ clock in the morning until nine o ’ clock at night , swarms in the famous street of la canebière , —a street of which the modern phocéens are so proud that they say with all the gravity in the world , and with that accent which gives so much character to what is said , “ if paris	71.80242156982422
had la canebière , paris would be a second marseilles. ” on turning round the owner saw danglars behind him , apparently awaiting orders , but in reality also watching the young sailor , —but there was a great difference in the expression of the two men who thus followed the movements of edmond dantès . followed him this evening to the opera , and , concealed in a <unk> box , have seen all . ” day before yesterday , i believe ; you see there has been no time lost . ” visit to make . complete this oath , for two days afterwards , in an encounter with the roman carbineers , carlini was killed . said the president ; “ will you answer that	100.44354248046875
question ? ” and breathed with that regular respiration which announces tranquil sleep . , except that he is tormented with remorse . ” count of monte cristo ” said the young man . the mass of rocks which gave out all the variety of twilight colors , from the brightest pink to the deepest blue ; and from time to time his cheeks flushed , his brow darkened , and a mist passed over his eyes . patience , ” said anne , “ as i have . ” know it . ” bazin had the folly to make himself verger , as you know , and therefore can not leave notre dame . look at his friends . . ” took possession of the little garden	79.70471954345703
. within 60 days following each date on which you prepare ( or are legally required to prepare ) your <unk> tax returns . errand , and exchanged a hearty shake of the hand with edmond , danglars and caderousse took their places beside fernand and old dantès , —the latter of whom attracted universal notice . ’ s , where , as i expected , i found beauchamp and château-renaud . in the cave of ali baba . ’ s sake ! ” very sullen expression on his face . ” said d ’ artagnan . ! ” repeated a voice behind the count , “ and why ? ” yet the ladder didn ’ t come down of itself . ” , ” said aramis ,	146.0655517578125
with his peculiar <unk> politeness , “ the error of the person who was with you when we met you in the guardroom ; for if the comte de la fere and i are not mistaken , we saw you in the company of a third gentleman . ” gondy , ” said the duchess , “ you remind one of the apocalypse . strength of mind of this creature , though drawn from the most vigorous sources , abandoned her ; she sank into a large easy chair , with her arms crossed , her head lowered , and expecting every instant to see a judge enter to interrogate her . five of the modern <unk> is to say , german , french , italian , english	78.71383666992188
, and spanish ; by the aid of ancient greek i learned modern <unk> don ’ t speak it so well as i could wish , but i am still trying to improve myself . ” evidence that could at all have <unk> me . ” ! ” howled milady . , staggering , breathless , crushed ; then all his strength give way , and he fell prostrate at the feet of monte cristo . mercy ’ s sake do not deliver me up ! ” to defend him ? ” you if you have only the misfortune to scratch the skin of her dearly beloved edmond ! ” ” whispered aramis to athos , touching his shoulder with one hand and pointing with the other to	90.08407592773438
the arms which the gascon wore under his belt . conclusion . event occurred , due , no doubt , to the imprudence of some servant who had neglected to extinguish the lights . exclaimed caderousse , “ fifty thousand francs ! took he disturbed the lizards glittering with the hues of the emerald ; afar off he saw the wild goats bounding from crag to crag . him and placed a pistol to his throat . . ” a dolorous situation which he had not foreseen . ” said porthos , “ but i don ’ t like to abuse your kindness ; besides , i must think of my outfit ! ” left the room , noirtier looked at valentine with a malicious expression that said	100.33133697509766
many things . corso ? ” fought for your glory and interests ? ” morcerf , “ for three days i believed myself the object of the attentions of a masque , whom i took for a descendant of <unk> or <unk> , while i was simply the object of the attentions of a _contadina_ , and i say _contadina_ to avoid saying peasant girl . athos ; “ you are the king of poets , my dear aramis . your diamond ? ” said he , “ perfectly . ” us ? not been to see me ? ” the sound of a cabriolet entering the yard was heard . a touch of vexation , that perhaps the young woman had fallen asleep while waiting for him	70.39254760742188
. via reggio ; but that costume , however elegant in itself , has long been out of fashion in paris . ” fie ! ” said porthos , as if disgusted . night , when you were <unk> on that bed in the red damask room , while i , scarcely less agitated than you , awaited your <unk> . i shall know all . . ” it ? ” manner in which you have acted toward me , the young girl who brings you this will tell you how a man of spirit may obtain his pardon . the end of a month , when drinking water from the same <unk> , you would kill the person who drank with you , without your perceiving ,	90.4620590209961
otherwise than from slight inconvenience , that there was any <unk> substance mingled with this water . ” mousqueton , smacking his lips . power and sublime expression , gave to the rude , unpolished poetry of these <unk> a magic and an effect which the most exalted puritans rarely found in the songs of their brethren , and which they were forced to ornament with all the resources of their imagination . fronde ? ” inquired mazarin . was meant by the terrible word ‘ vendetta ’ ? ” the question as to its being the interest of anyone to hinder you from being captain of the _pharaon_ . must be now at the siege of la rochelle ? ” one o ’ clock . ” do	107.06725311279297
but to fold my arms ! raoul saw three horses . street he met mousqueton and took him with him . ” said m. de blacas , “ we can rely on the army ; your majesty knows how every report confirms their loyalty and attachment . ” to abide by all the terms of this agreement , you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg™ electronic works in your possession . sighed . louis for you . ” in <unk> . an hour or <unk> , a clerk came to put an end to his tortures , but not to his anxiety , by giving the order to conduct m. bonacieux to the chamber of examination . greek mistress ? ” with	104.0410385131836
your latin . my heart beats fast , the blood burns in my veins , and i can hardly breathe ; but i solemnly promise you to restrain all this ardor , this fervor and intensity of feeling , until you yourself shall require me to render them available in serving or assisting you . ” answered caderousse ; “ and remorse <unk> on me night and day . found morrel seated at a table , turning over the formidable columns of his ledger , which contained the list of his liabilities . whom i speak is the lord and master of this grain of sand , of this atom ; he has purchased the title of count somewhere in tuscany . ” not egotistical , we will	189.74522399902344
return to our comrades and draw lots for her . ’ ; he cocked his gun and laid it beside him . happens to every man once in his life , have been taken by satan into the highest mountain in the earth , and when there he showed me all the kingdoms of the world , and as he said before , so said he to me , ‘ child of earth , what wouldst thou have to make thee adore me ? ’ i reflected long , for a gnawing ambition had long <unk> upon me , and then i replied , ‘ listen , —i have always heard of providence , and yet i have never seen him , or anything that resembles him ,	135.46661376953125
or which can make me believe that he exists . ? to the hay dealer and <unk> with him for a hundred and fifty trusses of straw , which he obtained , at the rate of three pistoles each . ” combined with his irony and boldness , staggered caderousse . paris , we shall still have four hundred , besides the harnesses , ” said porthos . of garret , situated in the rue des fossoyeurs , near the luxembourg . to do ? ” exclaimed athos . see , ” said mousqueton , looking at blaisois with an expression of superiority which the latter did not even think of questioning , “ you are about to see , blaisois , how we old soldiers drink when	77.49016571044922
we are thirsty . ” , ” said the duke . she said , “ that paris is not quiet . they were uttered in the romaic dialect . the fine courtyard ; some , belonging to the kitchens , gliding down the stairs , restored but the previous day , as if they had always inhabited the house ; others filling the <unk> , where the equipages , <unk> and numbered , appeared to have been installed for the last fifty years ; and in the stables the horses replied with <unk> to the grooms , who spoke to them with much more respect than many servants pay their masters . whose ideas had taken quite another course , forgot himself like a fool , and answered	87.55746459960938
gallantly that it was too late to think about duels and sword thrusts . replied the bishop , with firmness , “ you see him not , because the passions of the world conceal him . ” i told you . ” word , “ hanged ! ” the king was invited to come and see the hanging . ! _ i am not selfish , as you are . ” monsieur . ” , ” said athos , in english ; “ so cheer up , and tell us , if you have the strength to do so , what has happened ? ” a well-bred dog it is only necessary to show one end of a track ; he is certain to reach the other .	69.14205169677734
” ? ” asked the monk . madame de villefort , whose eyes sparkled with strange fire at this conversation . , after the taking of the bastion , the rochellais had <unk> it or left a garrison in it ; the object then was to examine the place near enough to verify the reports . than that , ” said athos ; “ do not let us leave him during the whole evening . ” replied the man , in a tremulous voice , “ if you separate them across the neck . ” seized the letter , read it , or rather devoured it , his countenance radiant . . ” quitted the wall , and advanced into the middle of the street . maximilian ,	50.2656364440918
that i was there , and my presence had the effect of rendering you unjust in your comparison . ” . , “ you will withdraw , and place yourself at once under arrest . ” simple youth , who understood nothing but what he was expressly told , asked , therefore for the abbé d ’ herblay , and in spite of bazin ’ s assurances that his master was not at home , he persisted in such a manner as to put bazin into a passion . , my dear athos , do not make a useless sacrifice . , madame , and nothing more , ” replied the count . rendezvous , that would not be the best means of commencing an acquaintance . ”	65.63748168945312
, and exchanged a few words with them . half-hour to prepare . said eugénie , “ while i change my costume do you lock the <unk> ” louise pressed with all the strength of her little hands on the top of the portmanteau . a loaf ? ” same sensations , for i felt her tremble . for which closer attention is required , i pricked one of my fingers , and wrote with my own blood . ” it remains , possibly , for us to accomplish ours . ” ” continued athos , “ what remains for me to tell you is even more strange than what i have narrated . ” ten minutes , during five of which he was lost in reverie ,	86.79960632324219
when there appeared within the circle comprised in his rolling gaze a man with a <unk> face , who , with a napkin around his body , another under his arm , and a white cap upon his head , approached him , holding paper , pen and ink in hand . the chair , covered his face with both hands , as if to prevent the light from reaching him . danglars , ” said one of the party , turning towards him , “ of this event ? ” on the saturday evening reached the place de la <unk> by the <unk> . villefort ’ s ; they proceeded then on their course . him for nearly ten minutes , and in these ten minutes the	82.33294677734375
immovable guardian never turned round once . ” to begin again ! ” said mme . divan , tore off the cover of two or three of the papers , looked at the theatre <unk> , made a face seeing they gave an opera , and not a ballet ; hunted vainly amongst the <unk> for a new <unk> of which he had heard , and threw down , one after the other , the three leading papers of paris , muttering , then . . you could have at the present time , believe me . ” speaking , we know that he was quick to act ; he sprang to the door and shook it violently , but it was bolted on the other side .	82.36279296875
’ s company of musketeers alone can not maintain a war against the cardinal , who disposes of the forces of all france , and before whom the queen is without power and the king without will . then , ” said dantès . the crimes , the power , and the infernal genius of milady had more than once terrified him . fellow , ” said the cardinal . file through these bars . by what she had just said , saw nothing in this woman whom an instant before she had believed her rival but a sincere and devoted friend . place ; he who had just abandoned 5,000,000 endeavored to save the 50,000 francs he had left , and sooner than give them up he	111.04580688476562
resolved to enter again upon a life of <unk> was deluded by the <unk> that is a <unk> of madness . to open . italian masks at the palais royal , from harlequin even to pantaloon . ” your correspondent in yanina , and ask him what part was played by a frenchman named fernand mondego in the catastrophe of ali tepelini . ” it is , ” said grimaud . do him the justice to add that he assured me if ever he had regretted the repugnance he felt to such a step it was on this occasion , because he thought the projected union would be a happy and suitable one . protection of the town was given up to the turks by a french officer	130.61093139648438
named fernand , in whom the grand vizier , ali tepelini , had reposed the greatest confidence . ” ; but what do you do , count , with all these horses ? ” see . ” ! the price of a slave , do you imagine that i have ceased to be your king ? mme . i have but one question more to ask , and i charge you , in the name of honor , of humanity , and of religion , to answer me candidly . ” , and you ? ” energies , murmuring in the depths of her soul the name of <unk> only beam of light that penetrated to her in the hell into which she had fallen ; and like	68.8759765625
a serpent which folds and <unk> its rings to ascertain its strength , she enveloped felton beforehand in the thousand <unk> of her inventive imagination . monte cristo must be a nabob ? ” , then ? ” ’ s notice , and he observed a little note , passed with the facility that indicates frequent practice , from the hand of madame danglars to that of the minister ’ s secretary . most extreme dread on the part of those present . , placed it on the end of his sword , and waved it in the air . hour he returned , accompanied by a tall man , masked , and wrapped in a large red cloak . ” cry of surprise , and looked at	63.37810134887695
athos with an expression of astonishment that made the old musketeer smile . the first place , to ask me to take a turn with you ? ” curtain , watched the departure he had been waiting for . aramis , “ i take upon myself to obtain intelligence of her . ” madame , ” replied monte cristo “ not to spoil ali , either by too great praise or rewards . gaetano , ” said franz , “ this is , then , all reality ; there exists a man who has received me in this island , entertained me right <unk> , and has departed while i was asleep ? ” habitation , ” said beauchamp , looking towards the mausoleum ; “ a summer	69.8886947631836
and winter palace . , ” continued the queen , “ i know your disinterestedness too well to speak of my own gratitude at such a moment , but i swear to you that i shall not forget this second service as i forgot the first . ” brought into play <unk> the recollections of the regiment of piedmont . , still moist . ” she said , with a smile so sad in its expression that one could almost detect the tears on her <unk> “ see , our french grapes are not to be compared , i know , with yours of sicily and <unk> , but you will make allowance for our northern <unk> ” the count bowed , but stepped back . mil ...	90.54383850097656
where is he ? has no longer measure , space has no longer distance . , ” said he . a secret ? ” try and be on good terms with everybody , at all events , ” said monte cristo . , added to the fatigue , caused andrea to sleep so soundly . , ” said he , smiling . and <unk> their criminals in the most agreeable possible manner ; but some of these , like clever rogues , have contrived to escape human justice , and succeed in their <unk> enterprises by cunning stratagems . master ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , stooping in his turn on the neck of his horse , and answering on his side through the carriage window	85.94812774658203
. cried d ’ artagnan , “ you could not have arrived in better time ; the dinner can not have had time to get cold ! which cut like a <unk> remember it , aramis for you always called it <unk> . . ” <unk> ” the scrutinizing glance of the count searched the young man from head to foot . eloquence . was stifled or extinct ; you have spared me till now , but since you speak of it , once for all , i tell you—— ” god ? ” time , ” said he , “ these persons will depart richer by fifty piastres each , to go and risk their lives again by endeavoring to gain fifty more ; then they will	94.63536071777344
return with a fortune of six hundred francs , and waste this treasure in some city with the pride of sultans and the insolence of <unk> . such treatment , arose , pale and trembling ; it would be difficult to say whether his emotion were caused by fear or passion . ? ” all honey , monsieur . ” , cucumetto rose , a pistol in each hand . , but are they not going to give me any dinner ? ” strangle him ? ” circle <unk> lines , and seemed as much absorbed in his problem as <unk> was when the soldier of <unk> slew him . of great excitement ; he was in ecstasies . along upon his armchair with casters by mme .	123.1194076538086
this <unk> ; and leaving his young man compatriot in the embrasure of the window , where they had talked together , he seated himself at a table in order to write the promised letter of recommendation . as the tomb . was quite indescribable , and then turned to d ’ artagnan . day for day , since dantès ’ arrest . minister ! ” , he took the road to the governor ’ s country house . bell violently ; the <unk> who had been in mademoiselle valentine ’ s room , and the servant who had replaced barrois , ran in at the same moment . there ? ” bazin , and bid him pray for a poor sinner . ” signora , ” said	70.66323852539062
albert , who was paying the most implicit attention to the recital , “ that the garrison of yanina , fatigued with long service—— ” were talking with him , i watched you without listening to you ; and , monsieur , his countenance changed color two or three times ! ” , ” replied the procurator ’ s wife , in real innocence . the young <unk> , and , enchanted with this excess of zeal , came down to the first floor , for he was , in truth , working in his room on the second . , motionless , and pale as a statue . . ” , d ’ artagnan started , and half drawing his sword , sprang toward the door .	54.2946662902832
february , 1815 . ” and , although they were not to sit down to table until seven o ’ clock , dinner was ready and served up . years old , she might have passed for thirty-five . monsieur le coadjuteur , ” he said . of the misfortune which thus suddenly frustrated his hopes , dantès did not lose his presence of mind , but descended into the passage , dragging his unfortunate companion with him ; then , <unk> , <unk> him , he managed to reach the abbé ’ s chamber , when he immediately laid the sufferer on his bed . , madame , and those who accompany me will say the same thing ; but—— ” ” murmured the count in a	68.06501007080078
<unk> tone . you adopt for this singular complaint ? ” ” thought d ’ artagnan , emerging from behind the curtain , “ decidedly monsieur planchet is no fool ; it is evident he has been brought up in a good school . ” morrel , —he has stayed behind sick at palma ; but please god , it won ’ t be much , and you will see him in a few days all alive and hearty . ” your chambers , ” said athos , “ and leave me to act . ” he said . t believe me ? ” friend , baron de château-renaud , one of the few true gentlemen now to be found in france , and from whom i have	70.35812377929688
just learned that you were a spectator of the races in the champ-de-mars , yesterday . ” never spoken to the one or the other ; that he had come , at about ten o ’ clock in the evening , to pay a visit to his friend m. d ’ artagnan , but that till that hour he had been at m. de tréville ’ s , where he had dined . . ” ” continued debray , first opening the closet , then the chest ; — “ now , madame , here are <unk> notes of 1,000 francs each , resembling , as you see , a large book bound in iron ; to this i add a certificate in the funds of 25,000 francs	71.86417388916016
; then , for the odd cash , making i think about <unk> francs , here is a check upon my banker , who , not being m. danglars , will pay you the amount , you may rest assured . ” him , and without even turning his head continued to eat slowly . whence the cry had sounded , and shaded his eyes from the glare of the setting sun with his hand . this ! , had reason to consider themselves fortunate in having the opportunity of hearing one of the best works by the <unk> of <unk> di lammermoor_ , supported by three of the most renowned <unk> of italy . to direct his course as clear from it as he could when ,	114.43221282958984
on the opposite side of the road , from behind a rock , he perceived the extremity of another musket . athos , “ two of my friends , named d ’ artagnan and monsieur du vallon , sent to england by the cardinal , suddenly disappeared when they set foot on the shores of france ; no one knows what has become of them . ” ? ” repeated the king . you ever thought that seven times 1,700,000 francs make nearly twelve millions ? they do at paris , madame , if i have the good fortune to find someone who will <unk> me into the prevalent ideas of amusement . ” cried i , ‘ do you , a magistrate , speak thus to me	60.05129623413086
? ’ contented himself with seeing villefort to the door of his cabinet , the procureur being escorted to his carriage by two footmen , who , on a signal from their master , followed him with every mark of attention . period of which you speak , and if you pay well for it you will certainly get to know all you want . ” vision of henry iv . in a hired cabriolet at m. d ’ avrigny ’ s door . up the steps , after pushing his sword into his cane ; a track of blood on the snow marked his course . continued , “ withdraw a little and let me say my prayer , i beseech you . aramis , “ you	85.19717407226562
speak to the point . her , sorrowful and resolute . , with an emotion very rare in him . he to raoul , “ shall be done as you desire ; but you will not stop to have your wound dressed ? ” the young man ’ s account with a seriousness which proved that he saw something else in this adventure besides a love affair . albert . , as i told you . an unaccountable power ; he hated and adored her at the same time . then , ” said morrel . the gendarmes . ” cried mademoiselle d ’ armilly , whose pity returned as her fears diminished ; “ fly ! ” cover , opened the journal with nervous precipitation , passed	74.16307067871094
contemptuously over the paris <unk> , and arriving at the <unk> intelligence , stopped with a malicious smile , at a paragraph headed ! ” said porthos ; “ and i turned my horse aside from going plump on to him ! himself by the side of d ’ artagnan , leaving the place free for another accuser . excite suspicion , sir ? ” asked the queen . had seen leave the ship with so much regret entered this house ; she had scarcely closed the door after her when monte cristo appeared at the corner of a street , so that he found and lost her again almost at the same instant . a terrible cry . question , ” said aramis . aramis , “	66.15123748779297
you will please to understand , gentlemen , that bazin alone can carry this letter to tours . . his letter . confess i always thought you jested . ” standing and motionless , followed him with their eyes without speaking a single word until he had disappeared . a banker at lyons named particelli , who , after becoming a bankrupt , chose to change his name to emery ; and cardinal richelieu having discovered in him great financial <unk> , had introduced him with a strong recommendation to louis xiii . accompany you , sir , ” said maximilian . cunning than de richelieu was ! ” said he to himself , “ misfortune is over my head ; my wife must have committed some frightful	110.20234680175781
crime . the count could not see albert , that he sent for his servant , who he knew was authorized not to conceal anything from him . ran was , that the jailer , when he brought him his supper at seven o ’ clock , might perceive the change that had been made ; fortunately , twenty times at least , from misanthropy or fatigue , dantès had received his jailer in bed , and then the man placed his bread and soup on the table , and went away without saying a word . . dear girl , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you know that it is not good for any of us to be here . had no affair with a	48.713375091552734
lover ? ” are joking , my worthy man ! ” said d ’ artagnan . go on the water , sir ? ” said the sailor . ” a sign of the cross with the bottle in his hand . said the cardinal ; “ and you , monsieur aramis ? ” matter , and we will not discuss it here ; let us speak of nothing till we get home . is this count of monte cristo ? ” asked franz of his host . door ; you bid me adieu ; you mount the step to embrace me a last time ; my brother ’ s servant , who comes to fetch me , is told how to proceed ; he makes a sign to	34.32302474975586
the postillion , and we set off at a gallop . ” ” said raoul , who seemed instinctively to dislike the vicinity of the augustine ; “ come , i feel ill here , ” and the two young men spurred on . ” intercept a correspondence between chalais and the archduke , and even then , when i was discovered i was nearly torn to pieces . hour . a fish day , and they had nothing but meat . ” his dream . appointment with athos without a second , determined to be satisfied with those his adversary should choose . of my desire to have these payments punctually , and he has been here within the last half-hour to tell me that if his	99.38037872314453
ship , the _pharaon_ , did not come into port on the 15th , he would be wholly unable to make this payment . ” who so <unk> <unk> his name , have you never made any effort to trace out whither he has gone , or what has become of him ? ” the diamond you have on your finger . those whose interest it is to see them pass over . of d ’ artagnan , it was certainly the man in the black cloak who had carried off mme . only had the honor of being in her society and conversing with her three or four times in my life ; but you know that even such an acquaintance as that might <unk> my doing	83.20794677734375
what you ask . ” cavalcanti . much frankness , created admiration , but did not entirely remove his suspicions . faced around in order that d ’ artagnan and porthos might enter . ” said porthos , “ it appears we are feasting ! ” the door of communication , passed into the corridor which led from his apartments to those of anne of austria . , ” said monte cristo . a quarter of a league they looked down on lens , at bay , and before lens the enemy ’ s entire army . ” she said . me it was a boy , m. bertuccio . ” delight to find that the king was lying with his clothes on . us to transport them	64.6819839477539
again to the enclosure surrounding m. de villefort ’ s house , and , behind the gate , half screened from view by the large chestnut-trees , which on all sides spread their luxuriant branches , we shall find some people of our acquaintance . entered <unk> together . mantle , one fold of which , thrown over his left shoulder , served likewise to mask the lower part of his countenance , while the upper part was completely hidden by his <unk> hat . to remove all suspicion , if she had any , milady repeated to the lackey , before her , the latter part of her instructions . you appeared to be so . he had passed through , nor in the one which his	121.17323303222656
eager glance pervaded , could he see anyone ; however slowly the stranger had walked , he was gone on his way , or perhaps had entered some house . antipathy . ” is to wait . , my travelling friend , do we ? ” cried the countess , extending her hand to him with all the warmth and cordiality of an old acquaintance ; “ it was really very good of you to recognize me so quickly , and still more so to bestow your first visit on me . ” i must . ” for he returned home crushed by the humiliation of a refusal . <unk> , my friend , ” said caderousse ; “ and here is danglars , who is a <unk>	75.17115020751953
, clever , deep fellow , who will prove to you that you are wrong . ! for heaven ’ s sake , are your eyes like cats ’ , that you can see to work in the dark ? ” inferior condition ! say it was the cause of your imprisonment . able to give us an answer tonight . ” him , ” said milady to herself . man , who appears to fathom the motives of everyone , has purposely arranged for me to meet m. and madame de villefort , and sometimes , i confess , i have gone so far as to try to read in his eyes whether he was in possession of the secret of our love . ” i will	66.69913482666016
buy it of you ! ” . ” the news you bear is worth the trouble of a little diligence . ” me ? ” , he is a neighbor who has done us a service on a time , so he ’ s welcome . ” did , i thought . ” replied the prince , “ will i permit ? guard in the court , <unk> of arms , and horses saddled . remembered with alarm , that if he had to repay on the 15th the 50,000 francs of m. de boville , and on the 30th the <unk> francs of bills , for which , as well as the debt due to the inspector of prisons , he had time granted , he must	74.64557647705078
be a ruined man . , for i have never had it , madame . ” man , ill made and awkward with his hands in <unk> drawing a sword and firing a <unk> something haughty and contemptuous in his face . ? ” asked the count . that is settled ; but you will come and call on my mother before tomorrow ? ” think the sides are equal . ” sir—— ” said fernand , awaiting with great anxiety the end of this interrupted remark . , say no more about it and let us prepare to submit to destiny . ” know london ; he did not know a word of english ; but he wrote the name of buckingham on a piece of paper	83.33198547363281
, and everyone pointed out to him the way to the duke ’ s hôtel . leave us , count ? ” said madame de villefort . may i present him ? ” thinking them merely a few pieces of little value ; but the light of the torch revealed their true worth . ” replied the lieutenant . ’ ll give ear to my moan . ” and the boat came to rest . d ’ artagnan lowered his . is , about half-past twelve , madame danglars ordered her carriage , and went out . ? ” asked the abbé . m. de morcerf . ” impossible ! ” represent providence ? ” cried mercédès . the count of monte cristo here . ” and i	49.88182830810547
hope to god that with our four lackeys we may be in sufficient number . ” how well she knows how to handle a knife . ” before they could meet , the vessel again changed her course . danglars , “ it is the same old story. ” and while he smiled as he attempted to regard the affair as a joke , he felt his temples get moist with perspiration . , always affected by funereal display , looked on with religious silence while the splendid procession accompanied to their last abode two of the number of the old <unk> greatest protectors of <unk> and sincere <unk> to their principles . , ” said aramis . time , as we have done this , only with	128.1861114501953
a better chance of success , because we shall be able to command every requisite assistance . ” they are friends . ” heaven , were watching a silvery cloud gliding over the azure , its form that of a shadow mounting towards heaven . the prince to his eminence . ” , 1628 , the <unk> was signed . movement had been , d ’ artagnan had had time to get a glimpse of the head of an old man . ? ” always as <unk> as you now see him , ” said franz . , who instinctively felt that edmond had a right to superiority of <unk> superiority which edmond had concealed from all others . , gentlemen , ” said he , “ go	58.91366958618164
your way and i will go mine , and this evening at nine o ’ clock we will assemble again at the gate saint denis . cry are as much impressed as if they listened to an entire poem , and when the sufferer is sincere they are right in regarding his outburst as sublime . i require , ” said the old man . house since i had left it . was present at the <unk> of a man who knew him . ” keeper of the seals , looks more than once for the bell addressed to benedetto , who remained perfectly <unk> , the energetic gestures , the movement of the gendarmes , the <unk> of the <unk> of the crowd always sure to rise	73.44445037841797
to the surface in case of any <unk> this lasted five minutes , before the door-keepers and magistrates were able to restore silence . servant . ” and while we do so , tell me a little of what is going on in the world yonder . ” also defective , you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem . at her , though she did her best to faint . i pray you pardon this little traitor . artagnan , you will never make anything but a very bad secretary . a man possesses a young and pretty wife , he has no need to seek happiness elsewhere . approaching the king , his face radiant with joy : in fact	105.58026885986328
, porthos breathed so loud as to do credit to the free play of his powerful lungs . say that from the day i saw raoul i loved him ; nevertheless , believe that i heartily pray that i may not become to him a father , however much i might be proud of such a son . asked danglars . d ’ artagnan ; “ nothing , ” and he read , , then shook his head , and recommended prudence to him with a shade of bitterness . up sails , and on the deck was captain gaumard giving orders , and good old penelon making signals to m. morrel . report more recent than this , dated the 20th february , and this is the	139.1358184814453
3rd of march ? ” employed by milady in observing the young man who listened to her , milady continued her recital . much if i were poor , would you not , maximilian ? ” have <unk> enough , gentlemen , be assured , ” said d ’ artagnan . of the count of monte cristo ! ” exclaimed the procureur , with a haggard expression . arrest . ” abduction had for its object the <unk> of my mistress , to draw from me by torture confessions that might compromise the honor , and perhaps the life , of my august mistress . ” are the most polished man in the world . said villefort . said aramis ; “ i shall return immediately . ”	51.80540466308594
to us to draw our swords in honor of old england you see how we snapped up the proposition . ” seen what a superb appearance he made upon his handsome spanish _genet_ , she would not have regretted the bleeding she had inflicted upon the strongbox of her husband . quite the <unk> of the ladies , monsieur porthos ! ” resumed the procurator ’ s wife , with a sigh . pen ! ” said the doctor . wish nothing better than that he would come and seek a quarrel with me . ” fate is mine , to serve either as a victim or an enemy to all who are stronger than myself , while my only friend and <unk> is a living corpse !	88.19071960449219
for information , which common politeness will not permit me to refuse . ” ” like that of the gentleman , was perfectly unknown to the two <unk> , who were perhaps <unk> throughout the capital for discretion . , even your own shadow . ” of the terror to which the magistrate alluded , but without the evidence of her own <unk> she could never have believed that the sentiment had been carried so far . , that the king ’ s <unk> ” themselves up we gag them ; if they resist , we kill them . ” is the only moment in which you can study character , ” said the count ; “ on the steps of the scaffold death tears off the mask	72.20487976074219
that has been worn through life , and the real visage is disclosed . have forgotten monsieur grimaud . ” required all his strength of mind to resist breaking his oath . straight on to the island of rion . ” stow the flying <unk> ’ it was time ; the <unk> was on us , and the vessel began to heel . ” twenty-five or six , and held a piece of cloth , which , being a tailor , he was about to make into a <unk> . a journey , dear child , ” said monte cristo , with an expression of infinite tenderness and melancholy ; “ and if any misfortune should happen to me—— ” far as i could judge from the sight	78.13517761230469
of him . ” happy , mercédès , ” repeated the count . baron , ” said she , “ i am <unk> the baron , who knows very well that i shall not kill myself , will place me before him with a knife in my hand , and he will discover that all this despair is but acted . ” in war , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ why should it not be the custom in a duel ? ” captain , “ but we must warn your excellency that the island is an infected port . ” ” ” . of me ? ” said he , — “ your son ’ s life ? ! sergeant , who began to see that	30.788660049438477
he was the victim of an artifice , was almost in a frenzy of despair . is , between perfectly upright people . ” , grimaud , ” said mousqueton , handing him the beer pot and gimlet . each put his own into two envelopes , so that no one , without tearing the first envelope , could discover to whom the second was addressed ; then they drew near to each other and smilingly exchanged their letters . baron d ’ épinay lived in the stormy times of which i only saw the ending , ” said villefort . to marry , not for your sake , for indeed i did not think of you in the least at the moment ( you admire candor ,	125.16498565673828
and will now be satisfied , i hope ) ; but because it suited me to marry you as soon as possible , on account of certain commercial speculations i am desirous of entering <unk> ” eugénie became uneasy . tiboulen . my friend , fall from heaven . ” evening my enemy resolved to <unk> the resistance he could not conquer . to speak loud , scarcely waiting till one had finished before another began , and each assumed his favorite attitude on or at the table . of madame de villefort , ” he said to the nurse . service a year , your fund has already begun to <unk> it continue to do so . ” i do , ” said athos ; “ i	97.51071166992188
not only approve of what he has done , but i congratulate him upon it . ” seemed to move , as though she were talking ; but because she merely spoke in an undertone , or my senses were dulled by sleep , i did not catch a word she uttered . remorse by twenty years of good deeds ; i have assuaged the natural ferocity of those who shed blood ; on every occasion i have exposed my life to save those who were in danger , and i have preserved lives in exchange for that i took away . monsieur le comte , you know me and i know you . dear monsieur , ” said the mercer to himself . , but i will	82.38687133789062
punish you here ! ” . be very clean in the crossroads . ” time had elapsed since the death of poor valentine , and the gloom which overshadowed the house was so recent , that no one wondered to see the father so absorbed in his professional duties , which were the only means he had of dissipating his grief . doubt , grief , and despair . ” and the bier was lifted once more , and they proceeded . not a wit ? , then ? ” demanded the concierge ; “ and this gentleman is coming to live here ? ” mistrust , the queen made madame de <unk> sleep in her chamber , and detained her all day . ” his seat ,	85.17267608642578
then in a moment fell down again , silent and motionless . . him as if he would have read the secret of his heart . ” replied mazarin . passed through the same door that had afforded a passage for the two fugitives , went up to d ’ artagnan ’ s door , and knocked . ; the wretch had nothing to defend himself with but his discharged <unk> . . knife that saved me . lemonade ? ” to ascertain if the letter had been opened , or if any indiscreet eyes had seen its contents ; but it was so carefully folded , that no one could have read it , and the seal was perfect . that i intended demanding shelter , and	68.9610595703125
, as we never entered by the door that opened onto the road , i resolved not to break through the rule , so climbing over the <unk> , i crept amongst the olive and wild <unk> trees , and fearing that caderousse might have some guest , i entered a kind of shed in which i had often passed the night , and which was only separated from the inn by a partition , in which holes had been made in order to enable us to watch an opportunity of announcing our presence . . , and cipher perfectly , for when the fit seized him , he learned more in a day than others in a week . the most <unk> , the strongest , and	100.50850677490234
the most courageous <unk> for ten leagues around ; and although teresa was universally allowed to be the most beautiful girl of the <unk> , no one had ever spoken to her of love , because it was known that she was beloved by vampa . ? ” he asked . in preparations at the hôtel de ville for this important evening . the president , “ do not alarm yourself ; you are among men of honor who will use every means to convince you before <unk> to the last extremity , but as you have said , you are among conspirators , you are in possession of our secret , and you must restore it to us. ” a significant silence followed these words , and	62.715938568115234
as the general did not reply , — “ close the doors , ” said the president to the door-keeper . ’ , addressing the cavaliers , who became more and more numerous every instant ; “ gentlemen , encircle his eminence , that you may show him the greater honor . , or rather as he pretended it was , to astonish our young traveler , this pastime really astonished him . <unk> ’ <unk> , and all the other signs which indicate the age of wine more truly than do wrinkles on a man ’ s face . king , ” said the man , rising again . and shut ; someone was taken in the mousetrap . clock tomorrow rita ’ s father will be	101.91841888427734
here with the money . ’ is english ? ” box , which the lady presented to him , and inhaled the odor of the lozenges with the air of an amateur who thoroughly appreciated their composition . and had there concluded a treaty with both houses . porthos , as if in pain . words with the sentinel ; then the door opened , and he appeared . mademoiselle danglars and her friend pursuing their way to brussels , and return to poor andrea cavalcanti , so <unk> interrupted in his rise to fortune . it , ” murmured the banker . , of weakness , how cruelly punished by his subjects ! to d ’ artagnan . twenty-nine without loving , for none of the feelings	106.32714080810547
i before then experienced merit the appellation of love . . ” three days . ” a gendarme . to do so , monsieur ; on the contrary , he came up to me and said , ‘ it is your master that needs his liberty at this moment and not i , since he knows everything and i know nothing . his father . ” the musketeer , in irreproachable costume , <unk> as usual , with a tolerably firm step , entered the cabinet . replace the comte de la fere . ” . some secretaire with a spring . ” going mad , bertuccio , ” said the count coldly . them , madame , ” said de winter “ and doubtless i shall find	56.539676666259766
them ; but time fails me . not guilty . madame de villefort . as the critical moment approached . given orders to your valet de chambre to put in all you are likely to need , —your plain clothes and your uniform . , i do not speak french ? ” throwing upon a couch a rich toilet robe , worked with gold , in order to put on a blue velvet doublet embroidered with pearls . am with the habits of parisians , i should not have thought this the place for such a demand . ” is a delightful place ? ” up the louis ; then she picked up friquet . his head . on your return , monsieur count ? ” till this	93.87419128417969
time held his head down over his papers , looked up to see what sort of person he had to do with . for the impoverished state of the habitation <unk> charity had conceded to an unfortunate queen to pass unnoticed by athos , aramis , and even the englishman . , sire , to be her enemy ; although your majesty can bear witness that i have always taken her part warmly , even against you . ? ” long a time had forgotten god , began to think that miracles were <unk> the accursed cavern might be discovered by the officers of the papal states , who would release him ; that then he would have 50,000 remaining , which would be sufficient to save him	141.99447631835938
from starvation ; and finally he prayed that this sum might be preserved to him , and as he prayed he wept . us speak about it ; for it was agreed among us , once for all , that we should always hold together , though engaged on opposing sides . ” ” replied the viscount . which was not exempt from a tinge of impatience . chapter of the life of pope alexander vi. , were the following lines , which i can never forget : — be sharp , that ’ s all . the young man , “ you have special reasons for telling me to conciliate that man . ” they are trying to catch your eye ? ” a little ? ”	90.44385528564453
i think you are right , lucien , ” said albert <unk> . i am too good-natured . aramis , at whose residence he had not been since the famous evening on which he had followed mme . chamber occupied by the priest . dozen . ” hand , —i promise . ” said , “ if i pay you the 100,000 francs , will you be satisfied , and allow me to eat at my ease ? ” am to marry mademoiselle danglars , ” said albert , laughing . to begin with fair promises and assurances of nothing to fear ; but when poor , silly folks , like my husband there , have been persuaded to tell all they know , the promises and assurances	68.97637939453125
of safety are quickly forgotten ; and at some moment when nobody is expecting it , behold trouble and misery , and all sorts of persecutions , are heaped on the unfortunate wretches , who can not even see whence all their afflictions come . ” travel , then ? ” parliament had just arrived , in order to enter upon those famous conferences which were to last three weeks , and produced eventually that <unk> peace , at the conclusion of which the prince was arrested . ? ” said she . lord , ” replied mordaunt ; “ but how many days does your eminence expect me to await your reply ? ” be announced to the minister . one . ” explain yourself , ”	96.89491271972656
said villefort , more and more astonished , “ i really <unk> <unk> . ” of reflection do you ask ? ” , and saw maximilian and emmanuel alight . the young girl had been overcome with the terrible excitement of the evening , and had gone to bed and to sleep . , and fly into superhuman regions ; fear nothing , there is a watch over you ; and if your wings , like those of <unk> , melt before the sun , we are here to ease your fall . ” is he ? ” the beverage in the original arabian manner , that is to say , without sugar . , and his silence made almost an old man of him . no <unk>	71.27310943603516
understand me ? ” appointed hour they went to see athos and found him and aramis in traveling costume . louis xviii. , “ i command you to speak . ” the young woman ; “ and fear much that he finds our home but a dull one . ” , clutching my hair , and uttering a groan of horror . ? ” asked lord de winter , sternly . pass in review all the people , one after the other , and stopping when he came to milady , surveyed her very closely , but without addressing a single word to her . with its wings opened towards the wind , gliding on the water . him , pointing him out to his companions . me	70.42981719970703
! ” was andrea ’ s first thought . that i also look upon you as my enemy . the water you drink from the spring , in the fruit you pluck from the tree . ” contains two things—the king , who must die , and royalty , which never dies . the prisoner could perceive the houses and the pavement , that was all ; but , true parisian as he was , bonacieux could recognize every street by the <unk> , the signs , and the lamps . said the doctor to barrois . stables , not without some slight annoyance , when he remembered that the count of monte cristo had laid his hands on a “ <unk> ” which sent his <unk> down	116.84313201904297
to second place in the opinion of connoisseurs . have in <unk> ” and after having assured himself that the prisoner was gone , the deputy procureur hastened to the house of his betrothed . am not seen through the wicket . ” showed cunning rather than intelligence ; his lips were straight , and so thin that , as they closed , they were drawn in over the teeth ; his cheek-bones were broad and projecting , a <unk> proof of audacity and <unk> ; while the <unk> of his forehead , and the <unk> of the back of his skull , which rose much higher than his large and <unk> shaped ears , combined to form a physiognomy anything but prepossessing , save in the eyes	131.015380859375
of such as considered that the owner of so splendid an equipage must needs be all that was admirable and <unk> , more especially when they gazed on the enormous diamond that glittered in his shirt , and the red ribbon that depended from his button-hole . emissaries of the cardinal in the uniform of musketeers . <unk> only thing i specify is one of those pies ; and tell the confectioner that i will promise him my custom if he <unk> this time in his <unk> only now , but when i leave my prison . ” see your beggar , sir , and if he is such as you describe him , you are right—it will be you who have discovered the true treasure . ”	128.83216857910156
prudent to ask at once what had become of the musketeer . thing , monsieur officer , that my grandfather commands you not to take any rash or <unk> step which would be likely to compromise our happiness . ” up and down his cell to collect his thoughts , and then went back and listened . ” ” morrel , “ i understand it all , and this scene was premeditated . ” strength to reply to him with a burst of laughter . d ’ artagnan , with some degree of emotion , “ i struck without knowing that it was you . her charming head , gracefully reclined , on her hand , still beautiful in form and color . to your majesty , but	60.762027740478516
i dare not . ” at the rendezvous . which those only can conceive who have heard the roar of a wounded lion . ? ” the coasts of the mediterranean , and wafted from shore to shore the sweet perfume of plants , mingled with the fresh smell of the sea . continued morrel , “ you named the fifth of october as the end of the period of waiting , <unk> is the fifth of october , ” he took out his watch , “ it is now nine o ’ clock , —i have yet three hours to live . ” to the chief and i was free . ” ? ” said he , after this embarrassing silence . ? ” ’ artagnan also	63.802276611328125
went out enveloped in a large cloak , which ill-concealed the sheath of a long sword . he . instant with his usual <unk> ; then , seeing that the crisis threatened to be prolonged , he went out . ? ” see my right-hand correspondent . ” a glance with grimaud , but there was no glance in grimaud ’ s eyes . with this description was followed , but he was lost sight of at the corner of the rue de la <unk> and the rue <unk> ” villefort leaned on the back of an armchair , for as the minister of police went on speaking he felt his legs bend under him ; but when he learned that the unknown had escaped the vigilance of	59.16024398803711
the agent who followed him , he breathed again . are a true frenchman ? ” truth of this reproach . . receiving an order from me , without knowing what he carries , and he will carry your majesty ’ s letter , without even knowing it is from your majesty , to the address which is on it . ” . ” passed through marseilles , and went to see the old place , which revived so many painful recollections ; and in the evening i took a spade and dug in the corner of the garden where i had concealed my treasure . feet more from the top down here , and the grass is soft . ” ” said danglars , pushing caderousse with	66.59098815917969
his knee . something to eat ? ” ferryboat had floated away , carried down by the stream , and the shrieks of those whom it contained resounded more and more . and in return gave caderousse the diamond . , beauchamp steadily raised his eyes to albert ’ s countenance , and then as gradually lowering them , he remained thoughtful for a few moments . danglars , “ but i confess i didn ’ t quite comprehend its meaning . ” heard speak of a certain bonapartist club in the rue saint-jacques ? ” said , “ there have been some who have suffered more than i have , but then they must have been martyrs at least . ” prophet , and things progressed rapidly	102.30565643310547
, as he had predicted . since we have had a skirmish with the guards of monsieur the cardinal ; monsieur de tréville must think us dead . ” much ! predecessor , sent our mother , marie de medicis , to die in exile , she taught us that language . and here we are . ” . ” ” replied he , “ follow monsieur de la fere wherever he leads , even were it on to death , without demanding wherefore ; but when it concerns your majesty ’ s service , then , ” added he , looking at the queen with all the grace of former days , “ i precede the count . ” coadjutor , ” said mazarin ; “ it	58.77231216430664
was to ask your advice in the unhappy dilemma in which we find ourselves . ” ” said milady , “ i confide in my brother ; i will dare to— ” king and the princes , ” added athos . ” said athos , to the footman who had given him that answer , “ not only bring news from england , but have just come from there . ” a murmur along the benches , and a second voice , not that of a woman , but a man ’ s , stout and furious , <unk> behind d ’ artagnan . looked around her with terror , saw that the apartment was empty and that she was alone with her liberator . girl ! ”	54.83753967285156
murmured danglars , turning pale , for he knew from long experience the solidity of the obstacle he had so suddenly encountered . franz , “ this chief is very polite , and i see no <unk> more so as i bring my share of the supper . ” i hope ? ” of milady , and left the saloon the happiest of men . blood ! ” she murmured . leave of absence . ” the streets of grenelle , saint honore , and du coq , a double stream of people broke the feeble hedge of swiss guards and came like a whirlwind even to the very legs of porthos ’ s horse and that of d ’ artagnan . not much to complain of ;	89.3328857421875
bourges is the capital of charles vii . in <unk> . ” indefinable , passed over the lips of the queen . ” said the brave captain , “ i hope you have been well amused during your excursion . ” anne , following the train of her own thoughts on such occasions , “ one regrets paris ! ” a tall man , of a dark complexion , who saw with <unk> eyes that they were approaching a dark mass of land in the shape of a <unk> , which rose from the midst of the waves like the hat of a catalan . there , having withdrawn on the previous evening to la <unk> , <unk> by false intelligence of the enemy ’ s movements .	83.2482681274414
to the mayor that at length the great league was about to declare itself against france , and that the kingdom would be at once invaded by the english , imperial , and spanish armies . dead , and has not pardoned me . ” he went mysteriously to auteuil . d ’ artagnan to athos , “ your king has thoroughly taken me , and i am quite at his service . ” without impertinence <unk> are you going ? ” d ’ artagnan addressed the four musketeers , “ i am ordered to exercise the greatest possible care in guarding the prisoner , and since there are no locks to the carriage , i shall sit beside him . athos , “ a wager ! ”	80.43437194824219
as <unk> as i can , and fulfil my promise to the dying man . . ” ? ” inquired athos . toward heaven , and the curate did the same . presuming , i am aware . in looking at this old , weather-beaten , <unk> tower ( which might be <unk> to an elderly dame dressed up to receive her grandchildren at a <unk> feast ) that it would have been capable of telling strange things , if , —in addition to the menacing ears which the proverb says all walls are provided with , —it had also a voice . our guard ; let us take arms , let planchet post himself behind us with his carbine . ” irksome office to be the father	168.80345153808594
of a <unk> daughter ; it seems to make one feverish , and to raise one ’ s pulse to ninety beats a minute until the deed is done . ” the service . ” repeated the abbé a third time , with a still more imperative tone . mention made of d ’ artagnan or of porthos , but every one was engrossed by articles and <unk> . you may have heard , introduced a barrel of powder under one of the angles , which in blowing up made a very pretty breach . i have affairs to settle . ” porthos . arm ; fourreau <unk> the bottles ; and brisemont , which was the name of the <unk> , poured the wine , which was	111.44232177734375
a little shaken by its journey , carefully into decanters . . ” ! ’ ” , and the reverie of crime is remorse . me , athos , your mission is ended , and ended nobly ; return to france with us . ” and pay attention to what i am about to tell you . to date contact information can be found at the foundation ’ s website and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact have done , ” said the voice . with all three , exchanged hats with winter and went out . expression of cupidity as the flickering lamp revealed in those two countenances . and he went on before , followed by athos and aramis . through the rue richelieu last year , who	108.46800231933594
amused himself with killing his brothers and sisters by <unk> pins in their ears while they slept . it go out of your hands ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ you will get me turned off . ” , for he mistook fever for energy . ” answered aramis , “ pray tell me a day or two beforehand , that i may take that opportunity of going to paris . ” some trifle of 20,000 francs , which you have been saved out of your travelling expenses , so that there is not much of a score between us ; —but you must really permit me to congratulate you on the ease and unconcern with which you resigned yourself to your fate , and the	94.54984283447266
perfect indifference you manifested as to the turn events might take . ” clock . ” , my lord , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ ’ tis not good to be about just here without a light . are you about to betray it to me ? ” in a vineyard belonging to the pope , near san pierdarena , a charming retreat which the cardinals knew very well by report . ? ” were , the two friends expected to find the same misery , the same fears , the same intrigue in the enemy ’ s camp ; but what was their surprise , after passing saint denis , to hear that at saint germain people were singing and laughing , and leading generally	100.11122131347656
cheerful lives . must look after the anchoring , and dress the ship in mourning . ” , then ? ” ” asked the president , “ what do you say to this letter , general ? ” <unk> three ships , he meditates some project , which , however mad , is yet , perhaps , terrible . use tonight are its <unk> ; they are all entirely black , with the exception of a star upon the forehead . ” . ” d ’ artagnan even more earnestly than before . and is dantès triumphant in spite of all we have believed ? ” band of brigands that had established itself in the <unk> mountains began to be much spoken of . only by armed men	114.58143615722656
, but even by women and children . want of respect , he felt an uncontrollable passion for this woman boiling in his <unk> drunk with contempt ; but passion or thirst , as the reader pleases . himself on his knees before his son , but maximilian caught him in his arms , and those two noble hearts were pressed against each other for a moment . read assured them that their presence was understood by the king and was assigned to its real motive . , ” said the countess , in reply to her companion ’ s <unk> observation on the subject ; “ but that horrid man had made me feel quite uncomfortable , and i longed to be alone , that i might	106.97386169433594
compose my startled mind . ” ” replied aramis ; “ you would make me weep , if such a thing were possible . ” are allowed ; but if your eminence wishes it , we will discontinue the permission . ” concern me . with this stranger ; but as soon as he is gone , if you will permit me , i will return . ” ; it is that of a friend who will love you to his last sigh . ” , i beg of you ; he would only send you another , formed of a magnificent sapphire , or hollowed out of a gigantic ruby . humility he possessed into his eyes and voice , he addressed the inspector , and sought	66.3719711303711
to inspire him with pity . then ? ” duke ? ” cried richelieu . in his <unk> of the cardinal and that of the queen ; that of the cardinal <unk> enormously . that had awakened me had succeeded the most perfect <unk> , save by the footsteps of a man walking about in the chamber above . , ” said the queen ; “ i have preserved this diamond cross which came from my mother , and this order of st. michael which came from my husband . injunction not to give valentine anything , he went down again to noirtier , shut the doors carefully , and after convincing himself that no one was listening : four armchairs , and a couch , covered with	74.69916534423828
yellow <unk> velvet , composed , with a <unk> , all its furniture . of whose song was his intention to assassinate me . ” s guards arrest six of his majesty ’ s musketeers ! magnificent ! , by his friend and by her whom he already loved like a mistress . yourself . ” , ” said the abbé , “ that i should bestow on men you say are false and treacherous , the reward intended for faithful friendship ? ” japanese , hindu laws , are as familiar to me as the french laws , and thus i was right , when i said to you , that relatively ( you know that everything is relative , sir ) —that relatively to what i	116.95439910888672
have done , you have very little to do ; but that relatively to all i have learned , you have yet a great deal to learn . ” let us change the subject . , ” said the poor man , “ let me have the poire d ’ angoisse . misery in the world ; there is only the comparison of one state with another , nothing more . of my captivity . door of the palace . to and fro , and pressed his burning forehead against the fence . that i wouldn ’ t serve mazarin . , ” he said , “ have you come to drive away those rascal spaniards and those lorraine robbers ? ” fellow knew me by my name	66.77519226074219
i would be <unk> , for fear it might be thought i knew him . ” , while porthos broke the bottles and aramis gave orders , a little too late , that a confessor should be sent for . of no importance , ” continued d ’ artagnan , with natural assurance ; “ it ’ s of no importance . child , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ i am making use of the privilege conceded to me by your guardian . ” ” no reason because you have not seen an execution at paris , that you should not see one anywhere else ; when you travel , it is to see everything . for the cardinal ’ s guards , has just fled	57.45888900756836
away . ” although they had not seen each other for eight days , and during that time serious events had taken place in which both were concerned , accosted each other with a degree of preoccupation . this commission ; you can write it yourself . ” it is finished , my beloved child , ” said monte cristo , taking the young girl ’ s hands ; “ but i do know you have nothing more to fear . ” plans . appreciated , as of a certain value , the honor of being shut up with a prisoner of so great importance , still the pleasure of living in intimacy with the grandson of henry iv . said the same sharp and imperative voice .	70.35550689697266
such a brave soldier , whose career was so <unk> ” , ” replied the man , raising his hand to his cap ; “ i am not up there , i know , but i have only just come down . ” man in the black cloak ; therefore she knew him . hood followed through all their <unk> the looks of porthos , and perceived that they rested upon the lady with the velvet cushion , the little negro , and the <unk> . , for valentine ’ s head swam , and she staggered ; madame de villefort instantly hastened to her assistance , and aided her husband in dragging her to the carriage , saying : ” he asked ; “ do either of	61.379119873046875
these gentlemen know where he is ? ” was one of the great political events of the reign of louis xiii. , and one of the great military enterprises of the cardinal . of you . ” brought back the set of ornaments to the great queen , who was able to wear them on her shoulder on the appointed day ; and this very nearly ruined the minister . bragelonne and he is called grimaud . ” letter of the cardinal ? ” said d ’ artagnan . you for the single purpose of offering you a chance to kill monsieur de marsillac whenever you please , prince though he is . ” , ” said the mendicant , opening the door and bending low before the	54.11234664916992
prelate . , whose extent it was impossible to determine , rays of light were visible . feel it impossible to struggle against this deadly weight which <unk> me . fear , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ as long as i shall have the luck to enjoy the favor of their majesties ? ” , ” said the captain . in the evening , it is well known , the streets in provincial towns are very little frequented . have you slept well ? ” warn me . out by the opening , still thinking himself in a dream ; but the sight of the gunpowder in the tankard proved to him that his dream was a fatal nightmare . the year previous to my imprisonment	83.01355743408203
. battle one thinks of a thousand things forgotten till then ; those who are indifferent to one another become friends and those who are friends become brothers . the hotel of the _cheval rouge_ , but after leaning an instant against the door , and hearing the last sound of the cab , which was disappearing from view , he went on his road , and with a <unk> stride soon traversed the space of two leagues . asked morrel . four ? ” inquired caderousse . majesty releases them . ” to you ? ” replied the king ; “ we are not of the same religion . ” life for you , ” said caderousse ; “ a town house and a country house .	76.05542755126953
” to none but the king , monsieur , ” said anne . , your lost child . ” the noise of wheels was heard , and the carriage stopped at the door . send early to aramis and had given his letter to blaisois , the only <unk> whom he had left . well as the body . , ” said albert , “ i will return , and woe to the infamous wretch ! , and had probably noticed nothing . . to say to him . ” and chose the hundred pistoles , which the englishman paid down on the spot . you , sir , ” said mordaunt , raising his head and casting at his opponent a look it would be impossible to	44.38057327270508
describe . said , “ nothing , almost <unk> , nothing more ; two in the arm and one in the breast . ; but on two conditions . ” ’ he said , ‘ i know them . ’ s hope . , barrois returned , bringing the notary with him . pray do not say any more about them , and i promise you another pair exactly like them in appearance , only more quiet and steady . ” feeling her <unk> the second fit came on before you had turned towards me . glass of <unk> <unk> , which he sipped at intervals , muttering some unintelligible words . seven o ’ clock , and , before anyone had arrived , asked one of the	86.27369689941406
door-keepers to place me in a box . said ; and m. bertuccio left enraptured , so great , so powerful , and real was the influence exercised by this man over all who surrounded him . his room , the hostess arose ; andrea assumed his most charming smile , and asked if he could have no . he was ready to obey . to do at portsmouth ? ” asked milady . , ” said the abbé . . therefore , monseigneur , that i should be informed as to the intentions of france . base , cowardly , i tell you ; i have <unk> my affections , and like all <unk> i am of evil omen to those who surround me ! ” sink	83.04935455322266
upon his hands , while two large tears rolled down his cheeks . saw the shattered vessel , and among the fragments the floating forms of the hapless sailors . completely the dupe of the prisoner , whom , notwithstanding her <unk> , she persisted in watching all night . his pistols and carbine , and ali , standing near him , held one of the small arabian <unk> , whose form has not varied since the crusades . theologians in their <unk> chairs , and philosophers in their <unk> , occasionally say cruel truths ; let us suppose for the moment that we are <unk> in a social way , or even philosophically , and i will say to you , rude as it may seem ,	130.05569458007812
‘ my brother , you sacrifice greatly to pride ; you may be above others , but above you there is god . ’ ” the count . , at least , sir , when he desired me to return to paris with monsieur de chatillon , who was charged to carry the news to the queen and to bring the colors we had taken . library was a bedroom . on , sir ? ” asked the notary of villefort . , ” replied the young man , confused . sire , ” said he . , turning to porthos , “ i should not regret dying , sir , were i sure that by doing so i might still be useful to you . ” as	49.951045989990234
it now is ? ” . with his nails , but they were too weak . lodge had long been extinct . replied the commissary . i might easily have accepted it , for it was i who put into his hands the first silver he ever earned ; but now m. dantès has no longer any occasion for <unk> is about to become a captain . ” of the baron ; but as the baroness evidently regretted parting with them , i ventured to send them back to her , with a request that she would gratify me by accepting them from my hands . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ let him come up . ” of the young man , his hands relaxed	71.9119644165039
their hold , the objects in the room gradually lost their form and color , and his disturbed vision seemed to perceive doors and curtains open in the wall . the body , without killing the soul . ” said aramis , “ captain to-day , colonel , doubtless , to-morrow ; in a fortnight the fellow will be marshal of france . ” set out . ” if renée could see me , i hope she would be satisfied , and would no longer call me a decapitator . ” something to pour the soup into ; dantès ’ entire dinner service consisted of one <unk> was no alternative . ” continued the queen , without restraining her tears , “ it is better to fight as	133.05966186523438
the king has done , and to die , as perhaps he will , than live in <unk> like me . ” , he returned to the room he had just left . , ” continued athos , speaking half to himself , “ if i kill you , i shall have the air of a <unk> . ” followed the queen . a fauteuil and before her were standing two or three gentlemen , and among them the duc de chatillon , the brother of the nobleman killed eight or nine years previously in a duel on account of madame de longueville , on the place royale . young men of rank and fortune , had his orchestra stall , with the certainty of always finding a	69.73493194580078
seat in at least a dozen of the principal boxes occupied by persons of his acquaintance ; he had , moreover , his right of entry into the <unk> box . ” it ? ” ” ? ” said he . that his lieutenant was incapable of jesting with regard to the service , obeyed without a word , although he thought the order strange . ” said aramis , “ he will consent to appear before such a tribunal ? ” interview between madame danglars and the procureur , a travelling-carriage entered the rue du helder , passed through the gateway of no . ! you ! ” begging him to give up his chamber , which is the handsomest in the hôtel , and to be	64.83610534667969
satisfied with a pretty little room on the third floor ; but to this monsieur porthos replied that as he every moment expected his mistress , who was one of the greatest ladies in the court , i might easily comprehend that the chamber he did me the honor to occupy in my house was itself very mean for the visit of such a personage . same <unk> fearful revelations of the three last days had crushed him . fear of being arrested . ” , ” cried aramis and porthos , with one voice . mazarin commissioned them to act as they have done ? ” animated group was a musketeer of great height and haughty countenance , dressed in a costume so peculiar as to attract	102.40522003173828
general attention . this point of their conversation when comminges entered , preceded by a sergeant and two men , who brought supper in a basket with two handles , filled with <unk> and <unk> . vow was fulfilled . , and there they lost her . ” gentlemen , not disarmed them . albert he is not in the army , ” said morrel . impatient for news of his master . of furniture , bare walls upon which , here and there , shone the old gold moldings which had resisted time and neglect , windows with broken panes ( impossible to close ) , no carpets , neither guards nor servants : this is what first met the eyes of athos , to which he	174.0404052734375
, touching his companion ’ s elbow , directed his attention by his glances . the piazza di venezia , a second volley of fireworks was discharged , to announce that the street was clear . , dantès saw they were passing through the rue caisserie , and by the rue saint-laurent and the rue <unk> , to the quay . under the trees , followed by the tutor , and the young men were laughing and talking about a hundred yards off . word , and i have given you mine . ” ” said madame danglars , “ i am ashamed to own it , but all your frightful stories have so upset me , that i must beg you to let me sit down ;	73.43205261230469
” and she fell into a chair . at him , as he replied , “ what makes you suppose so ? ” <unk> are you afraid , my dear blacas ? ” were at <unk> ’ — ‘ i was ; but am now back again . ’ ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . but let us talk of this plot , m. de villefort . ” the duke , “ bring me the casket in which the diamond studs were kept . ” at béthune was still younger than you , madame , and yet she is dead , ” said d ’ artagnan . you deign to give me some proof of what you <unk> ” immovable . , if the lord chancellor interrogates	43.3607063293457
me upon the motives which may have led your grace to adopt such an extraordinary measure , what shall i reply ? ” morning that i had a heart , did i not , count ? ” monte cristo only answered by extending his hand to the young man . cost you ? ” your unfortunate companion appeared to me to belong to the church . ” should fire the first ! ” cried his foe . which screened the sun from the grapes , and won the heart of the gardener . , ” said the sailor who had cried “ courage ! ” to dantès , “ if what he says is true , what hinders his staying with us ? ” forty-eight leagues in eight	96.05669403076172
hours ? ” and take all the combatants , wounded or not , royalists or cardinalists . can ’ t always eat , one can always <unk> maxim of poor athos , the truth of which i have discovered since i began to be lonely . ” , my lad , ” said athos , appearing on the threshold . this is not his eminence who has honored you with the commission to procure my head ? father , the count of morcerf , whose christian name is fernand ! ” ” passed through his shoulder , and mousqueton another ball which lodged in the <unk> part which <unk> the lower portion of the loins . . ” each of us twenty years older ; it is that	77.39888000488281
the honest emotions of youth have given place to suggestions of interest , whispers of ambition , counsels of selfishness . ” andrea took the pen . <unk> fat ! , like yourself ! ” said the queen , ironically . as a rule unfortunately . and silently took her hand . the injunction : “ if you value your own life or that of those who love you , remain motionless , and as if you had seen nothing . ” i was there , and very anxious to speak ; but danglars restrained me . at your control . ” ? ” know why he bought it ? ” viscount , ” said monte cristo , “ i have an infallible remedy to propose to you	73.64535522460938
. ” see me dead , but they would not like themselves to die with me . ’ ” , caderousse . ” mazarin ; “ although , perhaps , that counsel is as good as any other . ” louvieres ; “ sir , beware of driving us to despair . ” to you , ” added d ’ avrigny , “ to tell you that an attempt has been made to poison her ? ” the old man made a sign that he entertained no doubt upon the subject . as you call me—i will not let you ! ” then , ” he said , rather uttering his thoughts aloud than addressing his companion , — “ it is true , then , that all	45.21209716796875
our actions leave their <unk> sad , others <unk> our paths ; it is true that every step in our lives is like the course of an insect on the <unk> ; —it leaves its track ! of the passions that exhausted their fire over her head , at that moment held her son ’ s ball , and was making signs to him to reclaim it with a kiss . the abbess , looking at milady with increasing interest , “ i behold another poor victim ? ” the door ? ” kill himself , he would have done so when he parted from mercédès . ” he said to the patron , “ i was awkward , and it is just that i pay the penalty	105.61964416503906
of my <unk> . at five o ’ clock and bring that worthy monsieur du vallon with you . imperceptible , stole over the rosy lips of the pretty young woman . acquaintance , gaspard caderousse . by gloomy <unk> , <unk> waking dreams of grief , —the first rays of morning pierced his windows , and shone upon the pale blue paper on which he had just inscribed his justification of providence . ” i will take advantage of it to enter your room ; do not disturb <unk> not disturb yourself ! ” with her is her daughter ? ” tell me at once what you want , that i may see if any arrangement be possible . taper to the window , that it might	100.8617172241211
be seen in the champs-élysées that a man was getting out of the window while another held a light . gave the keys of valentine ’ s room to m. de villefort , so that no one could reach the <unk> excepting through that of madame de villefort and little edward . him . , ” said the young man , “ as selfish children recollect their parents when they want their aid . cried the lieutenant . power of <unk> events , both as regards men and things . listening with the greatest impatience , ” replied the young man ; “ speak , i beg of you . ” <unk> de guiche . or rather the ladies formed a circle , while the gentlemen ( more	62.21467590332031
indifferent to the restraints of what <unk> calls the <unk> <unk> ) commented on the feverish agitation of andrea , on m. danglars ’ riveted attention , eugénie ’ s composure , and the light and sprightly manner in which the baroness treated this important affair . , and as the day was beginning to decline , he approached the window to read it . appointments are all made for eleven o ’ clock , ” thought d ’ artagnan ; “ that ’ s a settled custom . ” for leaving you so abruptly ; but a most ridiculous circumstance has occurred , which is this , <unk> & french , the roman bankers , have sent to me a certain person calling himself the count of	100.14444732666016
monte cristo , and have given him an unlimited credit with me . understood that we should not talk of that until tomorrow . ” sir , should any harm befall me , your name will be the last name that i shall utter , the remembrance of you my last thought . ” , ” replied andrea . a great passion on receiving the letter , saying that monsieur porthos was a <unk> , and that she was sure it was for some woman he had received this wound . ” d ’ artagnan , “ we must go where they will not look for us . me the control of this business ; we had better wait and see what they want . ” all my	57.368873596191406
wife ’ s fault . from his present dungeon into another , even if it were darker and deeper , for a change , however <unk> , was still a change , and would afford him some amusement . of m. d ’ épinay ? ” replied morrel . with his head to show that he could discern in the darkness the door to which bertuccio alluded . the assassin , and will pursue him . ” then , ” replied the count , and extending his hand towards a <unk> , suspended near the chimney-piece , he said , “ today is the 21st of february ; ” and drawing out his watch , added , “ it is exactly half-past ten o ’ clock . day	62.58320999145508
on which valentine had learned of the flight of eugénie and the arrest of benedetto , <unk> having retired as well as noirtier and d ’ avrigny , <unk> thoughts wandered in a confused maze , alternately reviewing her own situation and the events she had just heard . companies than those which belonged to the red duke , as aramis had called him , often took part with the king ’ s musketeers in these quarrels . the abbé calmly , as he replaced the jewel and its case in the pocket of his cassock , “ it is your fault , not mine , that i do so . twofold request you well knew we did not wish to secure the throne of louis xviii. ,	121.35681915283203
or we should not take so much care to avoid the vigilance of the police . <unk> was where you became really culpable . ” you , sir , that this abuse of power , this exile under a fictitious name , are infamous ! ” man ; but the banker , recollecting what had transpired the day before , did not wish him admitted . possible , i must be on the road in a quarter of an hour . ” distrust , then ? ” said porthos . louis xviii. , “ was there not a marriage engagement between you and mademoiselle de saint-méran ? ” are you going , viscount ? ” inquired de guiche . they bandage people ’ s eyes who penetrate enchanted	68.10426330566406
palaces , for instance , those of raoul in the <unk> , and really i have nothing to complain of , for what i see makes me think of the wonders of the _arabian nights_ . ” monsieur de flamarens to athos , “ if we are mistaken the error has originated with the queen . madame danglars , “ the count of monte cristo can know nothing , or he would not seek our society as he does . ” ? ” if we can not escape we will talk ; you of those whom you love , and i of those whom i love . he asked . ! ” magnificent jewel ! ” cried the astonished woman . , a robber , an assassin ,	57.371009826660156
and yet his manners showed the effects of a sort of education , if not a complete one ; he had been presented to the world with the appearance of an immense fortune , supported by an honorable name . franz , “ anything new ? —do they refuse ? ” added yet more to the intensity of the darkness , the moon , which was on the <unk> , did not rise until eleven o ’ clock , and the streets which the young man traversed were plunged in the deepest obscurity . force of this reasoning , and was silent . his concealment , waited in vain the signal to recommence his work . . i had been weeping ? ” said she . the curate	78.78060150146484
, apparently accustomed to this tone , “ yes , we wish to know your opinion of the events of to-day and what you have heard said by people going in and out of the church . ” slept ; not so the <unk> , and more thirsty than hungry . replied eugénie , “ unhappy girl , do you say , sir ? ” replied d ’ artagnan . , divided , we may not obtain a <unk> from the queen , we from <unk> , were we all four together , would never be granted . , went to madame de chevreuse . and go as far as the earth reaches . <unk> me with myself . felt a shudder at the idea of even a	66.58775329589844
<unk> angel ? ” my lord . ” of state , ” continued d ’ artagnan , complying with the recommendation . it to me , then , madame , who know what they are ; but you wished to be <unk> , and consequently to lend at usury . ” , i met them in the lobby after the conclusion of the piece ; and hang me , if i can guess where you took your notions of the other world from . question about a grant to a railway . . ” , ” muttered athos . death in your paper ? ” like queens . ” , and began to fancy that this recommendation concealed some mystery . titles he had read on the baron	66.05957794189453
’ s card . gentleman ; but i can not be imprisoned for the reason <unk> ; it is impossible . ” of <unk> . for it comes to the same thing . ” they are doing ? ” till the hour for dinner . aspire to that honor , ” said danglars with a smile , which reminded monte cristo of the sickly <unk> which bad artists are so fond of <unk> into their pictures of ruins . staying , i feel too much gratitude to the cardinal not to leave him free in all his actions ; he shall do what he wishes to do . ” at these particulars , but gratitude mingled with his sorrow : he would gladly have embraced those who had	70.91907501220703
given his father this proof of esteem at a moment when his honor was so powerfully attacked . been there ? ” i trust , in paris , where you shall have your <unk> ” the duke , as he spoke , kissed his hand , spurred his horse into a gallop and disappeared , followed by his troop , who were soon lost in distance and darkness . murmured mme . the anticipated pleasures of the carnival , with the “ holy week ” that was to succeed it , so filled every fair breast , as to prevent the least attention being bestowed even on the business of the stage . d ’ artagnan remaining apparently in the same attitude of humble resignation ; but scarcely	117.31694793701172
had he departed when he turned and clasped porthos in his arms with an expression not to be doubted . a moment ; i must start for paris again immediately . ” charming smile and his head bare , and kneeling down , kissed the hand of the duchess de chevreuse . ; and however well made the mask may be , with a little attention we may always succeed in distinguishing it from the true face . guns , pray ? of what was going on ; but he told us we were scoundrels to doubt a gentleman ’ s word , and that as he had said the horse was his , it must be so . ” ” replied the officer . the enemy it	73.7929916381836
was slowly ; we were forbidden to draw first and we were marching toward the spaniards , who were on a height with lowered muskets . manner , colonel , ” said d ’ artagnan . of his companions and the golden fringe of the cardinal ’ s cloak , he waited till the horsemen had turned the angle of the road , and having lost sight of them , he returned at a gallop to the inn , which was opened to him without hesitation . i wish to see my son-in-law . priests . to you the day before yesterday , sir , which you appear to recollect so well , ” replied eugénie , “ i saw you arranging a <unk> not that the term	57.31014633178711
? —of five millions and a half ; you even pointed it out to me in two <unk> on the treasury , and you were astonished that so valuable a paper did not dazzle my eyes like lightning . ” ask for some men of good will for a dangerous mission , but one which will do honor to those who shall accomplish it ; and i made you a sign in order that you might hold yourself in readiness . ” everything will come in its turn . ” that of their colonel ? there was something in the count which attracted universal attention wherever he appeared . not at all , ” said mazarin ; “ let us be off . ” , exchanging charming smiles	107.92710876464844
. , in england two men to whom such an epithet can be applied ? ” which we left the establishment of m—— ! sake , where is that ? ” asked the marquise . were more dangerous than any robbers could have been , for they are the agents of the cardinal ; and as to your husband , monsieur bonacieux , he is not here because he was yesterday evening conducted to the bastille . ” said d ’ artagnan . the carriage as if to bid her adieu , and she was to take away mme . he made no demonstration of politeness , only stopping before the queen . the youth as if he had been his own son . to resist poison ?	68.98743438720703
” to lose ; i will question , and do you answer me. ” noirtier made a sign that he was ready to answer . not heard , for if they are it is more than probable i should be removed to another part of the prison , and we be separated forever . the morning trumpet the friends separated ; the musketeers hastening to the hôtel of m. de tréville , the guards to that of m. dessessart . ” replied albert , “ but not to my taste , which i confess , <unk> to something softer , gentler , and more feminine . ” of occupation . recall your remembrances . chapter x . ’ s apartment ? ” i ? ” right , followed	72.55000305175781
the course of a long corridor , descended a flight , went a few steps farther , introduced a key into a lock , opened a door , and pushed the duke into an apartment lighted only by a lamp , saying , “ remain here , my lord duke ; someone will come. ” she then went out by the same door , which she locked , so that the duke found himself literally a prisoner . said caderousse with a <unk> ; “ fernand , too , is invited ! ” replied m. danglars , ‘ i believe he is the son of the old shipowner . ’ ” was still at the castle . good friend ; and i will prove it to you by	62.657230377197266
putting the <unk> to the _i_ , or rather by naming the persons . liberty this moment ; i will proclaim you a piece of <unk> virtue ; i will name you the <unk> of england . ’ you think of this , my fine fellow ? ” asked debray of the <unk> , slipping a louis into his hand . your fortune to me ? large for him to enter , but by waiting , he could still cling to hope , and retard the certainty of deception . i had better remain where i was seated . first ? ” have recognized us ? ” said d ’ artagnan . you tell me is impossible . reason ! terrible reminiscences seemed to have overpowered her for	77.03058624267578
a moment , for she ceased speaking , her head leaning on her hand like a beautiful flower bowing beneath the violence of the storm ; and her eyes gazing on vacancy indicated that she was mentally contemplating the green summit of the pindus and the blue waters of the lake of yanina , which , like a magic mirror , seemed to reflect the sombre picture which she sketched . , ” cried dantès , “ on the contrary , it seems as if i were reading a most interesting narrative ; go on , i beg of you . ” his arms , and set off <unk> in the direction opposite to that which the patrol had taken . d ’ artagnan may not have betrayed	71.83909606933594
us to the cardinal ? ’ ‘ i am , ’ said i , ‘ the little abbé who <unk> <unk> of the <unk> , and <unk> judith into <unk> ’ ‘ ah , ah ! the man at whose shutter you have just knocked ? excepting that valentine heard the almost noiseless sound of some liquid being poured into the glass she had just emptied . de chatillon . the night ? ” he inquired . to say ? been separated from his son , and almost at the hour of his arrest , he breathed his last in mercédès ’ arms . if i could believe i might trust in your discretion . ” condition , and promised on his honor not to seek to discover	101.09630584716797
the road they took . around the room , and perceived that one of his men was missing . promised himself that on the following evening he would recover from d ’ artagnan what he had lost to porthos , and on leaving reminded the gascon of his appointment . said villefort . it seems ? ” said château-renaud . it . ” hour . ” window . you , mercédès , was myself , my dignity , and that strength which rendered me superior to other men ; that strength was my life . them sleep on , if they are asleep ; let them grow pale in their drowsiness , if they are disposed to do so , and pray do you remain in peace ,	69.62492370605469
who have no remorse to disturb you . ” eat a morsel , during which i shall send for a post horse . ” ! ” this reasoning , what is the marvellous ? —that which we do not understand . you that we do not sell at <unk> . ” was it ? with joy . this project ? ” want of oil , but she paid no heed to the darkness , and dawn came , but she knew not that it was day . go , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ what the devil ! off , and conducted me to a gloomy spot , called the catacombs of saint sebastian . ” of all these stock-jobbing intrigues . ” the false bottom	70.53111267089844
came out , and they saw a bundle of papers tied with a black string . naively replied the servant . a stupefied air , and the latter , making an effort , arose and stepped between the two young men . was her first lover , and she caused his death . worthy corsican , speak ! ” this ; he had turned round to play with milady ’ s favorite monkey , which had pulled him by the doublet . said madame danglars ; “ but you began a sentence , sir , and did not finish . ” , ” said the young man , “ and tell us all about it . ” of that , albert ? —at two-and-twenty to be thus famous	72.28955841064453
? ” , and before soldiers , officers , or colonel had time to recover their surprise all four were in the street . unfortunate man was nearly killed with heavy blows of <unk> , and among those who set upon him the king recognized captain groslow . them , then ? ” i am acquainted with all the details of the adventure at amiens ; that i will have a little romance made of it , <unk> turned , with a plan of the garden and portraits of the principal actors in that nocturnal romance . ” greater terror seized him on passing by the cemetery of st. jean , where state criminals were buried . , but before it reached the spot occupied by monte cristo	127.4652328491211
the latter had advanced yet nearer , still unperceived . hundred thousand francs to be able to do so . ” to follow them ; and although ignorant of the game , which he had never played , he accepted , not knowing what to do with his time from nine o ’ clock in the morning , as it then scarcely was , till twelve . what for , gentlemen ? ” said the cardinal ; “ you know i don ’ t like <unk> . ” the theatres , at <unk> , or in any place of public resort . him , ” answered caderousse . ; perhaps you may not have to retract . ” money ; how am i to justify it if i	59.0890007019043
am here ? ” charge of the money , i of the <unk> ; so that if one of us had the misfortune to lose her treasure , the other would still have hers left . to your dear eugénie . really did turn pale , and was very nearly angry with this household plague , who answered to the name of edward ; but the count , on the contrary , smiled , and appeared to look at the boy complacently , which caused the maternal heart to bound again with joy and enthusiasm . he seemed like one of the ancient titans , who <unk> the mountains to <unk> against the father of the gods . is the proof of weakness . ” replied athos to	94.19083404541016
this recital , “ i am quite at my ease ; it will not be women that will defray the expense of my outfit . ” seemed more sullen than ever . his hotel , ordered horses to be ready in two hours , and asked to have his breakfast brought to him . ” . to the marrow of his bones ; probably lord de winter perceived this emotion . ” said morcerf , “ we will speak no more on the subject . ” , will understand the politic necessity . ” he , “ is it not strange ? ” and he pointed out to d ’ artagnan the scratch he had remembered . franz , ” said albert ; “ i am glad that	52.547794342041016
the occasion has presented itself for saying this to you , for i have noticed how cold you are in your bearing towards the count , while he , on the other hand , has always been courtesy itself to us . ” said athos , “ it must be preserved carefully . ? ” as that you may see his small yacht with all her sails spread ; and if you will use your glass , you will , in all probability , recognize your host in the midst of his crew . ” different thing , ” said danglars , smiling . ” responded , “ you are a stranger , and i believe you say yourself that a portion of your life has been spent	57.699459075927734
in oriental countries , so you are not aware how human justice , so expeditious in <unk> countries , takes with us a prudent and <unk> course . ” ’ t say that ; your excellency will do as you please ; i should be sorry to advise you in the matter . ” dear child , and take courage in remembering that there is a god who will punish traitors . ” she was to do so . said . mere matter of precaution , ” answered the gascon . from the <unk> who desire the death of the <unk> , to the soldiers who desire the death of the <unk> , all desire some one ’ s death . you ; i don ’ t know	54.27733612060547
him . ” certainly , but i know how much you care for his ill-humor . the cardinal . report of a meeting of the bonapartist club in the rue saint-jacques , held february 5th , <unk> . ’ ” what do you think ? ” to the king ’ s attorney , which the count of monte cristo , disguised as a clerk from the house of thomson & french , had taken from the file against edmond dantès , on the day he had paid the two hundred thousand francs to m. de boville . ’ tis true , wore a splendid ring , set with diamonds , given him by his royal mistress , whilst i—i have nothing but a simple <unk> of gold ,	57.6193962097168
with a cipher on it and a date ; but that ring has been blessed in the chapel of the palais royal , * so they will never ruin me , as they long to do , and whilst they shout , ‘ down with mazarin ! ’ i , unknown , and unperceived by them , <unk> them to cry out , ‘ long live the duke de beaufort ’ one day ; another , ‘ long live the prince de <unk> ; ’ and again , ‘ long live the parliament ! ’ ” and at this word the smile on the cardinal ’ s lips assumed an expression of hatred , of which his mild countenance seemed incapable . in thought . ” said felton	121.18502044677734
, “ i will tell you what you were doing , or rather what you meant to do ; you were going to complete the fatal project you cherish in your mind . d ’ artagnan at my house ? ” one mind in <unk> against the tyranny of charles and his adherents . a knife , and to leave it with me after our interview . ” , he saw cardinal spada ’ s letter written on the wall in characters of <unk> he slept for a moment the wildest dreams haunted his brain . not taken away his appetite . ” replied kitty , “ my mistress loves you not at all . ” , ” said porthos , disengaging his arm from that of the	64.29971313476562
procurator ’ s wife ; “ for if you are rich , madame coquenard , then there is no excuse for your refusal . ” on a chair ; i neither remembered having <unk> myself nor going to bed . citizens , awakened , left their doors and the street dogs followed the cavaliers , barking . incoherent details given to me by the abbé busoni and by lord wilmore , by that friend and that enemy , one thing appears certain and clear in my <unk> in no period , in no case , in no circumstance , could there have been any contact between him and me . ” ” as a magistrate , but as a friend ; and when i am in bitter anguish	107.02641296386719
of spirit , do not tell me that i ought to be <unk> ” villefort bowed . come here , climb up to the window again and tell us if mordaunt is alone and whether he is preparing to go out or go to bed . , then ? ” man had reached his room and burnt caderousse ’ s letter . ” ! ” and she rushed out of the room . his intimacy with these three men he would have become a superior character . longer in possession of your senses ? it with the duc de longueville ? ” , in the tone of one who gives wholesome advice , “ i think it is better not to make them . ” it is too	49.83982849121094
late ; my throat is closing up . faith of a gentleman . ” cordiality for his kindly welcome , although he must at that moment have been suffering bitterly to find another dungeon where he had fondly reckoned on discovering a means of regaining his liberty . dark passage , which led to a little door opening on the garden , soon found the spot where he had entered , with the assistance of the shrubs gained the top of the wall , and by his ladder was in an instant in the clover-field where his cabriolet was still waiting for him . stages of torture natural to prisoners in suspense . that young man as an accuser of milady , he would take him , in	123.12551879882812
the mental disposition in which he now found himself , for a messenger sent by the devil . ” asked the count , impatiently . albert as late as possible . , captain . to heaven with an expression of resignation and sublime gratitude . learn if the noise had not begun again , and grew impatient at the prudence of the prisoner , who did not guess he had been disturbed by a captive as anxious for liberty as himself . very sensible , ” replied athos ; “ we must speculate upon the faults of people , and not upon their virtues . years of age , i should say . ” exclaimed a commanding voice . really original , ” said beauchamp . i ,	76.5986328125
after four hours ’ work , ‘ since we are sinking , let us sink ; we can die but once. ’ ‘ is that the example you set , penelon ? ’ cries the captain ; ‘ very well , wait a <unk> ’ he went into his cabin and came back with a brace of pistols . ’ said he ; ‘ this man has gone , and for the moment has consequently escaped my vengeance ; but let us be united , as we were to have been , and then leave it to lord de winter to maintain his own honor and that of his wife . ’ ” ” said monte cristo smiling ; “ it is all a matter of imagination .	72.62088775634766
sum and cast up the whole . ” aramis , “ had they taken effect it would be still better not to compromise two excellent friends like d ’ artagnan and porthos . queen ’ s hand ? ” said m. de tréville , looking earnestly at d ’ artagnan . front of his carriage in the same manner that he had the newspapers which were the innocent agents of his discomfiture , as he was crossing the barrier he perceived morrel , who was walking with a quick step and a bright eye . are and don ’ t you stir , or i will pull this ear off . don ’ t you tell ? ” your twelve hundred francs ? ” said he to caderousse	52.88005065917969
. speak boldly , ” replied louis . presumed to be merely the betrothal feast turns out to be the actual wedding dinner ! ” said danglars . every place for grimaud , they took a crossroad which conducted the little troop by the bank of a small stream flowing into the lys . , ” said porthos and aramis , hoping he would choose one of them . as <unk> and dine with me ; we shall be a small <unk> yourself , my mother , and i . the young man ’ s indifference . ” said a sailor of a frank and manly appearance ; “ and it was time , for you were sinking . ” gentlemen ; come , m. villefort , for	86.02537536621094
a declaration to be available , should be made before the <unk> authorities . ” the street , with a frightful beating at his heart ; he wished to see if he could find other traces of violence . hinges , and d ’ artagnan , seeing the way clear , whipped his horses , who started at a canter , and five minutes later they had rejoined the cardinal . of his mind , so used to misfortune , that it was scarcely capable of <unk> idea that the noise was made by workmen the governor had ordered to repair the neighboring dungeon . immense blast of the wind had extinguished everyone . this honest citizen for your steward , ” said debray . , ” said	87.44647216796875
athos . so mournful a tone that their real meaning did not escape albert ; he felt his heart beat , and taking his mother ’ s hand within his own he said , tenderly : s fortune five hundred thousand livres ? ” to exact concessions rather than to make them ) kept him <unk> from all <unk> . along the piazza di spagna and the via <unk> , which led directly between the <unk> and rospoli palaces , franz ’ s attention was directed towards the windows of that last palace , for he had not forgotten the signal agreed upon between the man in the mantle and the transtevere peasant . paces , ” whispered d ’ artagnan , “ and gone up six steps	107.6515121459961
, so <unk> is the pavilion called the pavilion of the orangery . you drive don carlos out of spain . ” , which in gascony had rendered him formidable to young chambermaids , and even sometimes their mistresses , had never dreamed , even in moments of delirium , of half the amorous wonders or a quarter of the feats of gallantry which were here set forth in connection with names the best known and with details the least concealed . i have reflected ; i renew the affair ; i obtain the letter , and i run directly to the cardinal . ” d ’ artagnan . cristo took from his pocket a small case containing his <unk> , and drew forth two orders on the	132.64402770996094
treasury for 500,000 francs each , payable at sight to the bearer . not by a sentinel , but by a confidential servant , through whom , in case of urgency , charles could communicate instantly with his faithful subject . a narrow pass , they perceived that the road was partially barricaded by an enormous stone . and i accept it , and have returned to sleep beneath your friendly roof . ’ bad night when this letter was brought to him , announcing that the duke was free and that he would henceforth raise up mortal strife against him . that , in the eyes of the young man , valentine did not suffer by the contrast . over it and pronounce the name of a	117.60623931884766
dear <unk> friend lost to him forever ; and on his death-bed , when the near approach of eternity seemed to have illumined his mind with supernatural light , this thought , which had until then been but a doubt , became a conviction , and his last words were , ‘ maximilian , it was edmond dantès ! ’ ” fighting ! ” , but the president bade them be silent . to the <unk> fact which signor pastrini commented upon as an <unk> advantage . <unk> made a great noise through the interior of the donjon and even outside . beauchamp , with a look of sorrow which stupefied the young man , “ let us first sit down and talk . ” who has committed	131.82225036621094
a crime in france , and has been branded in consequence . ” concern me , ” replied milady , coldly , “ since it bears another name than mine . ” villefort , more and more amazed , and really supposing he was speaking to a <unk> or a madman , “ you consider yourself as one of those extraordinary beings whom you have mentioned ? ” i ask of you ? ” resumed porthos , with a movement of the shoulders full of good fellowship . friends ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ a horrible suspicion crosses my mind ! the queen uttered a cry of joy , which the two gentlemen heard . , one , ” said monte cristo , “ whom	51.58124542236328
you do not condemn like poor danglars ? ” me herself . ” the plan , and orders were given to get under weigh next night , and , wind and weather permitting , to make the neutral island by the following day . monsieur du vallon , whom i like much ; let him accompany you . ” man has friends , they are not only to offer him a glass of wine , but , moreover , to prevent his swallowing three or four <unk> of water <unk> ! ” <unk> over his shoulder , gaetano had the other , and a sailor held his rifle ; his dress , half artist , half dandy , did not excite any suspicion , and , consequently ,	94.99392700195312
no disquietude . other , ” said albert ; “ it is <unk> it not ? —that you are to be at no . knew anything of what had occurred . and fifty paces in this way , and then were stopped by , “ who comes there ? ” at the same time they saw the reflection of a torch on a carbine barrel . , but no longer strike the blow <unk> , indeed . ” the world he would blow out his brains , and there would be an end . ” monsieur athos was that day , when he said to his adversary : ‘ you have insisted on knowing my name , sir ; so much the worse for you , since i	60.332340240478516
shall be obliged to kill you. ’ i was near him , those were his exact words , when he stabbed his foe as he said he would , and his adversary fell without saying , ‘ oh ! ’ ’ tis a noble <unk> athos . ” ? ” , <unk> ! _ ” said she , taking his hand . much respect for d ’ artagnan ’ s policy among the musketeers . should arrive today at ten o ’ clock ; he was waiting for me at nine at the barrière de fontainebleau . dull noise of three balls which penetrated the flesh , a last cry , a convulsion of agony , proved to d ’ artagnan that the would-be assassin had saved his	87.95696258544922
life . vampa was chosen captain , vice cucumetto , deceased . ” ambition . ” his part . ” expression in his eyes , for the jailer said , “ come , are you going mad again ? ” the hotel of la chevrette , where pretty madeleine , the hostess , came to him . buried his head in the bed . appearance of being cowardly enough to lift your hand against a woman . ” marchioness , your duchess , your princess . . not give way to this <unk> ; you will be drowned if you seek to escape , and your strength has not been properly exercised and prepared for exertion . ” said lord winter . , i think you are right	70.47850036621094
with respect to our host , and that he is decidedly a frightfully low wretch . ” him , who requires but a prayer , a word , a tear , and he will forgive ? into the room just then he would have noticed the hesitation with which madame de villefort approached the bed and looked fixedly on valentine . and went to salute the coadjutor and the duc de beaufort . —said she , clasping her hands . he exclaimed suddenly , “ where is my son ? <unk> , edward ! ” and he rushed out of the room , still crying , “ edward , edward ! ” the name was pronounced in such a tone of anguish that the servants ran up .	78.67631530761719
said the young men ; “ you have probably guessed right . ” hour after the scene we have just described , she heard someone speaking in a low voice at the door . so nervous , and so subject to fainting fits , i should require a doctor adelmonte to invent for me some means of breathing freely and <unk> my mind , in the fear i have of dying some fine day of suffocation . had extracted three boards . lord , are rare in france . ” hate the court and have but one desire at this <unk> . the abbé , “ it is very affecting . ” give my last sou for it . conversation which had just taken place between mercédès and	114.73638153076172
himself had awakened so many recollections in his heart that he felt it necessary to combat with them . to add , and that is to propose an example to <unk> mine , for i myself have never appeared at court , and have only taken part in religious wars as a volunteer ; i speak of monsieur de tréville , who was formerly my neighbor , and who had the honor to be , as a child , the <unk> of our king , louis xiii. , whom god preserve ! watch . . ” the line of <unk> and found themselves in the open plain , d ’ artagnan , who was completely ignorant of what was going forward , thought it was time to demand	83.70307159423828
an explanation . a rope-ladder and tools . ” cry of surprise . my dear sister ; emmanuel , adieu ! ” morrel repeated . ” said the minister ; “ i will conduct you to her , but remember , not one word of our conversation . ” and you will see if a phantom that accuses is not more terrible than a living being that threatens ! ’ charged ? ” more in the emerald , which would contain about a dozen . and the man was better . of the dining room unclosed with a creak , and porthos perceived through the half-open flap the little clerk who , not being allowed to take part in the feast , ate his dry bread in the	92.52590942382812
passage with the double odor of the dining room and kitchen . , which is the name of a demon . i think you are too faithful and too kind to have spoken of that painful circumstance . beaufort , he arrived from vendome , according to the <unk> of the day , bringing with him his high bearing and his long and beautiful hair , <unk> which gained him the sovereignty of the <unk> . , that i speak to you in the queen ’ s name . , no one knows what may happen . about it , my dear monsieur de rochefort . ” said caderousse ; ‘ and now , although you have wronged us of perhaps <unk> francs , will you have your	52.855926513671875
supper with us ? think of it , and yet i must tell you that we are beginning to occupy ourselves greatly with these things under our popular government . ” my lord ! ” said the incredulous soldier . , then ? ” asked athos . to strike . said the young man . ” join me at the champs-élysées , and lead me out of this house without anyone seeing my departure . ” that cold and naked <unk> , who was accustomed to <unk> which heated the house from the hall to the boudoir ; she had not even one little <unk> whose apartment had been a conservatory of costly <unk> . you knew that the young gentleman was the friend of his excellency ,	58.46649169921875
i would blow his brains out with my own hand ! ” is there ? ” said danglars ; “ for , at present , i can not say that i have seen anything extraordinary . with unspeakable distrust . the prince , turning toward raoul , “ i know that you have a letter from my sister , madame de longueville ; but i see that you have preferred <unk> yourself to me by giving me good counsel . ” , lieutenant , ” said the soldier . in paris ? many things to tell you , too ; indeed , the last three days some odd adventures have <unk> what is the matter ? forehead , pressed her lips upon it , and sent him back	43.43415832519531
with the ball in one hand and some <unk> in the other . in my own country , and that excites me . ” our friends <unk> will head the <unk> england ; we shall re-enter <unk> him securely on his <unk> ” villefort , bowing , “ in an hour i shall have quitted paris . ” further reply ; her mind was utterly absorbed in the contemplation of the person who , from the first instant she saw him , had made so powerful an impression on her . nothing for nothing . ” it should be sold , ” replied athos . , madame danglars ’ footman left the other . ” ’ said a voice almost lost in the distance . and yours seems	58.27082824707031
to be tough enough . ” we failed , we were beaten , and that is a blemish on our reputation . ” , ” answered porthos . he said ; “ your repentance is too recent to inspire confidence . hear of anything very <unk> ” andrea , with sufficient nerve for his servant not to perceive his agitation , “ what do you want ? , you shall receive the consolation that you ask . how it is , ” said athos , becoming still paler , but yet attempting to laugh ; “ i was sure it was <unk> hanging of people is my nightmare . ” heard on leaving my prison fourteen years after i had entered it ; and that is why ,	72.80770111083984
on account of the living mercédès and my deceased father , i have sworn to revenge myself on fernand , and—i have revenged myself . ” said caderousse ; “ why , how fast you go on , father dantès ; she is not his wife yet , as it seems to me . ” could look for no support from a man disappointed in his hopes of an inheritance . replied the abbé ; “ with the addition of an equal division of that part intended for the elder dantès , which i believe myself at liberty to divide equally with the four <unk> . ” brought villefort took them back at full speed , and at this moment morrel rapped at monte cristo ’ s door	106.93592071533203
. by the impulse of my best feelings produced the same effect as though it had been the result of calculation . , speaking in the highly colored language of the south , “ the world grows worse and worse . ” returned julie . around , recognized them , and uttered an exclamation of savage delight . ! , ” said athos , “ there is a god in heaven still ! ” moment the countess perceived albert , and returned his salutation with a smile . letter to general cromwell . ” ” he said , “ to the queen . ” , i ! ’ replied he . the shadow , which no one else observed . cried albert , without giving monte cristo the	58.204322814941406
time to reply . respectable gentleman sitting opposite to us in the same box with the lovely greek girl ? think of sending him away from here . ” as usual , unmoved . had but to put forth his hand , his eminence had rarely recourse to such means . door madame danglars turned round , and looked upon her husband with an astonishment she took no trouble to conceal . added , “ and make yourself agreeable to monsieur la ramee , and tell him that you suit me in all respects . ” about to say , ” cried danglars . what a service you might render me ! , ” cried flamarens . this paper , which i have never shown to anyone .	81.87161254882812
” . ” murmured the englishman ; “ then you have but one hope . ” s first , and then to the colosseum , ” returned albert . s gone to blois ; the poor <unk> ” words , seemed to gulp down something . was favorable ; but he had been so often warned to mistrust first impulses , that he applied the maxim to the impression , forgetting the difference between the two words . valentine , “ you might meet someone ; stay . ” noise of footsteps was heard upon the stairs ; the door was thrown violently open , and the unfortunate mercer rushed into the chamber in which the council was held . leaving you , ” said the count ,	58.91288375854492
turning in the direction of his box . reply , took up the chisel , bent it into the form of a <unk> , and then as readily straightened it . transmitted this answer , the sentinel gave an order to one of the men seated round the fire , who rose and disappeared among the rocks . anne , “ but you know why and how i see you ; because , insensible to all my sufferings , you persist in remaining in a city where , by remaining , you run the risk of your life , and make me run the risk of my honor . you one _carte blanche_ to give you another . . ” the profit would be enormous , there would	98.88225555419922
be a gain of fifty or sixty piastres each for the crew . exactitude , all the particulars of the supper , the hashish , the statues , the dream , and how , at his awakening , there remained no proof or trace of all these events , save the small yacht , seen in the distant horizon driving under full sail toward porto-vecchio . calm , at least in appearance . a dog let loose in the yard at night , but it has been taken to the house at auteuil , to that you went to , you know . ” . you ? ” , ” added the commissary ; “ and do you know the man who has committed this deed ? ”	92.60452270507812
brave fellow , thou <unk> thus to aid me ? ” ? ” s silence , —it was evident that the doctor was examining the dead body . for it at home , sire , and i do not doubt you would be the greater for it abroad . ” for the present time , and we must learn how to make sacrifices . august ; the 21st of september will , therefore , be the conclusion of the term agreed on , and till that time <unk> it is the advice of a gentleman which i am about to give <unk> then we will refrain from <unk> and barking like two dogs chained within sight of each other . ” ” the old man . to fail	71.45655822753906
in some desirable matrimonial alliance . ” ” was also executed ; and the vessel passed , as dantès had predicted , twenty fathoms to <unk> . careless people in the world ; in bringing the horse out to the water they ’ ve allowed him to walk over the border . ” rich ( for my father ’ s income amounts to half a million ) , has experienced many misfortunes , and i myself was , at the age of five years , taken away by the treachery of my tutor , so that for fifteen years i have not seen the author of my existence . for a moment , as if rooted to their seats ; they questioned each other with vague and stupid	117.40564727783203
glances . someone knows it <unk> is in possession of our secret ; and since monte cristo speaks before us of a child disinterred , when that child could not be found , it is he who is in possession of our secret . ” . say that the gentleman was right ; that he intended to be civil , in his way , and that they would set the example of liberty of conscience , —and the mob retired . , sir , ” said athos . morrel ; i was really happy . ” , making a sign to his two companions to remain a few steps behind . <unk> at this ; but athos put his hand upon his shoulder , with a smile ,	59.48447036743164
and d ’ artagnan understood that it was all very well for such a little gascon gentleman as himself to drive a bargain , but not for a man who had the bearing of a prince . <unk> ; and i don ’ t know whether it is the game which leaves no scent , or the dogs that have no noses . minutes of reading and ten seconds of examination , the cardinal was satisfied . in your oratory . appears so ! ” said d ’ artagnan . certain of that . ” , ” repeated debray ; “ this affair becomes serious ! ” had never been on strict terms of friendship ; still , the death of one old man always considerably affects another	86.43000030517578
. a plan ? ” will have the truth , and me , too ! ” said athos . groans , and next morning , as soon as wasilio ’ s wife could <unk> up courage to venture abroad , she caused the door of our dwelling to be opened by the public authorities , when assunta , although dreadfully burnt , was found still breathing ; every drawer and closet in the house had been forced open , and the money stolen . understand , ’ said the lieutenant ; ‘ and you seek admittance into our ranks ? ’ number of other ways including checks , online payments and credit card donations . murmured mme . it was not long before the cardinal came down .	171.06752014160156
i had the fancy of going to africa . ” would die of it ! say ? ” inquired the other . from any one of us a home instead of from mazarin ? , striking a light hammer with a <unk> handle on a small gong . climb . any ? ” said d ’ artagnan to the youth . the child with the mother ? ” , without being on that account an assassin , ” said the man in the red cloak , rapping upon his immense sword . said , “ you have me in a snare , gentlemen . , i shall die too . ” the host , “ i replied that as from the moment we seemed not likely to come	58.824684143066406
to a good understanding with respect to payment , i hoped that he would have at least the kindness to grant the favor of his custom to my brother host of the golden eagle ; but monsieur porthos replied that , my house being the best , he should remain where he was . almost on the same floor with the poor old man . pierce with his eager looks the remotest verge of the horizon , examining attentively every black speck which appeared on the lake , while my mother , reclining by his side , rested her head on his shoulder , and i played at his feet , admiring everything i saw with that unsophisticated innocence of childhood which throws a charm round objects insignificant	171.0057830810547
in themselves , but which in its eyes are invested with the greatest importance . with supreme disdain . valentine ; and , turning to her grandfather , she repeated , “ <unk> ” the old man stopped her at the last syllable . in the hands of guards who will take him into camp . ” . ” , ” said the postilion , “ which way are we going , young gentleman ? ” ’ s request , was following her father when he quitted the room , but he said to her quickly : act ? ” athos asked of him in english . of the grotto opened , and gone forth ; on the azure dome of heaven still glittered a few remaining stars	83.98593139648438
. smile . no ; you appear to be an honest young man , and i will have confidence in you . kindness on the part of the count , ” said beauchamp , “ and i have brought some weapons which i bought eight or ten days since , thinking to want them on a similar occasion . to her handsome soldier . of the young men , and the lackeys of the count de guiche guarded carefully between them the spanish prisoner , mounted on a pony which had been bought for his use . we are eating here ? ” said athos , at the end of ten minutes . in advance of them , an hour , perhaps . large armchair , which served	57.035804748535156
him for a bed , enjoying a calm , nay , almost a smiling sleep . on his lips . adored valentine , thank you ; that is enough . hour in this apartment ; they could not long delay bringing her a repast . next morning at daybreak , and go to <unk> by a different route . dead . at the door . not only three friends , i had thirty ; at two-and-twenty one calls every man one ’ s friend . ” ! ” cried mordaunt . villefort , “ have you any enemies , at least , that you know . ” a burst of laughter from the auditors did not in the least <unk> the speaker , who continued , — “	79.03367614746094
yes , gentlemen ; edward , the infant phenomenon , who is quite an <unk> in the art of killing . ” his guests . who led him through a long succession of apartments and paused at length before a closed door . pocket . . corner ; do not forget them , they are in many circumstances very useful ; there is porthos ’ s purse , too . ” was direct and severe . only for my own sake , i should prefer to die ! ” ” t let us try to do things cheaply . was time that idea came into porthos ’ s head . . there ? ” asked the count . somewhat <unk> to <unk> dread of the daylight which even	71.22978973388672
in the desert makes us fear we are watched and observed . overwhelm me with benefits ! ” all , ” said aramis . require pen , ink , and paper to make a plan . ” commission , word for word , my lord . ” ” abbé reflected long and earnestly . , i listen . ” you , ” murmured she . here he is ! ” cried a voice from the landing ; “ here he is ! again into england for the purpose of conspiring against my life . louvre had so large a court ; but this crowd represented chiefly the second class of nobility , while the prince de conti , the duc de beaufort and the coadjutor assembled around them	79.93487548828125
the first nobility of france . —in an hour lens will be in the enemy ’ s possession . met the funeral procession which was taking valentine to her last home on earth . aramis , “ this will reconcile me to him ; but i wish he were here that i might tell him that i did not believe him capable of so noble an act . ” they might be said to be of coral . towards the family vault , château-renaud recognized morrel , who had come alone in a cabriolet , and walked silently along the path bordered with yew-trees . that his neighbor would profit by the silence to address him , but he was mistaken . for that is , i believe	108.01679992675781
, the phrase for <unk> ambition . ” . please , till i have finished speaking , ” replied monte cristo . is <unk> himself , ” said one of the thieves . her questions in order to gain one answer , but to all her inquiries m. de villefort remained mute and cold as a statue . sparkled brilliantly . a hand rested on his shoulder , and a voice which made him shudder exclaimed : chair . for i should have left him dead on the spot , i assure you . ” the resolution he had adopted , and assured him that if on the morrow he did not appear , he himself would undertake to find him , let him be where he might	66.60614013671875
. into his sleeping-room , and fastened the door inside . dear athos , no , you are right ; but among enemies it would be only a stratagem . ” ” said the king , seizing the bishop ’ s two hands in his own , “ promise that you will pray all your life for this gentleman and for the other that you hear beneath your feet , and for two others also , who , wherever they may be , are on the watch for my safety . ” ” cried porthos to his opponent ; “ i ’ ve still two pistols charged . ” and she sank into a chair . ” said she , closing the window with an expression of countenance	46.7591552734375
full of affection and melancholy . mazarin , “ i join with you in supplicating the queen to put an end to the miseries of her subjects . cardinal . it , excepting that , although daylight had disappeared , it was not lighted , and everything in it was old-fashioned , while the rest of the rooms had been <unk> . devil take them , they can ’ t eat us . ” perfumed gloves that lovers like to snatch from a pretty hand . he , with that benevolent politeness which distinguished his salutation from the common civilities of the world , “ my cavalier has attained his object . ’ s private antechamber , m. de tréville found la chesnaye , who informed him that	105.9195327758789
they had not been able to find m. de la trémouille on the preceding evening at his hôtel , that he returned too late to present himself at the louvre , that he had only that moment arrived and that he was at that very hour with the king . have done all that we could . ” understand you , bazin ; nor can i see how i can be a stumbling-block in the way of your salvation , ” said d ’ artagnan . these , and found themselves in a mortuary chamber . at the landing . ” him . and as athos was the least inquisitive of any man on earth , d ’ artagnan ’ s confidence stopped there . ; all the	50.30228805541992
world is wicked ; let us therefore strike at wickedness ! ” baker chapter 82 . to me ? ” me to regulate my conduct by such caprices . pistoles . albert ’ s lips . he , “ do you still doubt ? ” is <unk> ” this assurance delighted morrel , who took leave of villefort , and hastened to announce to old dantès that he would soon see his son . was a monster . caderousse , rising with all the offended dignity of a drunken man , “ i can ’ t keep on my legs ? ? ” now your mentioning to me at perugia something of this sort . ” either of the enemy ’ s numbers , or of those in	83.56883239746094
command , or of the purpose of the army . certainly laugh at me , you will say that i am always repeating the same thing , you will call me the most timorous of <unk> ; but to whom do you see a resemblance in that young man ? ” , good ! ” said athos . , written upon strips of cloth . ” flatter yourself that i shall yield to all your caprices , and quietly and humbly await the time of again being received into your good graces ? ” maximilian , ” said she ; “ it is the counsel of a madman , and i should be more mad than you , did i not stop you at once with the word	67.05866241455078
‘ impossible , morrel , impossible ! ’ ” the count , “ yes . ” , my former friends ! ” he murmured , and fell with his face to the ground . porthos , “ what are we to do ? ” charles , “ farewell , my children . aramis , “ god desires the conversion and not the death of a sinner . ” very well that you are reflecting on yourself , valentine . ” him , and hope his railway , his electric telegraph , or his search for baths , will ruin him , i am watching for his discomfiture , which must soon take place . ” , my fine fellow , ” said the unknown to the servant ,	49.523048400878906
with so ironical an expression of the eye , and so frightful a smile , that he withdrew ; “ i only wish to say two or three words to your master , who gave me a commission to execute about a fortnight ago . ” have said , hastened back to madame de saint-méran ’ s in the place du grand cours , and on entering the house found that the guests whom he had left at table were taking coffee in the salon . do not wish to kill me ? ” his brow , but obeyed ; however , he continued to take the left hand . on a thick and soft carpet , and his guides let go their hold of him . ;	69.58187866210938
for three months i struggled with death ; at last , as i seemed to cling to life , i was ordered to the south . , and i feel the whole responsibility of such a charge . ” a very singular form , which appeared to have come from a distance . sir , and i protest to you that to-day i feel very lonely . was engaged that evening , and another the next , so the meeting was fixed for the day after that . was that more songs were made than cannons fired during its continuance . , porthos ? ” young . the parties concerned gained by that treaty : the road to paris , <unk> to trebled <unk> all speed , and	111.88057708740234
passing through two or three apartments , enter at the tuileries the little room with the arched window , so well known as having been the favorite closet of napoleon and louis xviii. , and now of louis philippe . sincerely i ask pardon for having grieved you . bit behind yours in that sort of talk . gnawed ! ” at the door , renewing his promise to be with him the next morning at seven o ’ clock , and to bring emmanuel . of seeing me soon return . ” my friends ! , ” cried athos . ! ” replied the queen , “ i have heard of his great and rapid successes of battles gained . count de rochefort and the mendicant of	105.07020568847656
saint eustache . hour , felton tapped again . an expression of d ’ artagnan ’ s . , not feared . ” no one but myself , and i shall defend myself vigorously , i give you warning . ” ” said mademoiselle danglars to her friend . , he is really dead , ” said the doctor ; “ this burn in the heel is decisive . ” said felton . is where he meditates on state affairs . ” , i know . ” a game of tennis , for example . ” ” and with altered voice , ‘ ladies , ’ said she , ‘ wait for me ten minutes , i shall soon return. ’ she then opened the door of her	58.769622802734375
alcove , and went out . ” of all this <unk> am quite sure of it , ” whispered caderousse , who had never taken his eyes off fernand , to danglars . staircase de winter stopped . said d ’ artagnan , pulling up his horse , which <unk> ; “ it seems their horses , too , are breaking down , as well as ours . ” athos , “ i have engaged two of my friends as seconds ; but these two friends are not yet come , at which i am astonished , as it is not at all their custom . ” went on board the _pharaon_ , everybody could see that you held a letter in your hand ? ” day their	54.625362396240234
tongues were loosened ; with the sun gaiety revived . ” said albert , “ and may there remain only the eternal friendship which i promised to my deliverer , which shall be transmitted to our children ’ s children , and shall always remind me that i owe my life and the honor of my name to you , —for had this been known , oh , beauchamp , i should have destroyed myself ; or , —no , my poor mother ! noirtier . of the cardinal ’ s guards . of this prejudice was the friendship of anne of austria for mme . ” king of england , charles i. , on learning of the death of the duke , was that such terrible news	79.5517807006836
might discourage the rochellais ; he tried , says richelieu in his _memoirs_ , to conceal it from them as long as possible , closing all the ports of his kingdom , and carefully keeping watch that no vessel should sail until the army which buckingham was getting together had gone , taking upon himself , in default of buckingham , to superintend the departure . that after going back fifty paces , the man ended by fairly taking to his heels , and disappeared amid the hooting of the lackeys . his eyes as though awaking from a dream . take . ” , who has resided five or six years in italy , does not recollect to have ever seen a ceremony interrupted by one of	166.34933471679688
those events so common in other countries . if it be true , ” cried the young man , “ he shall pay me all i have suffered . ” . ” obeying him like a child , hated him as a child hates his master , and would abandon him to the personal vengeance of monsieur and the queen . regiment , your captain ? ” returned she , ‘ it was a gift of heaven . services to see that all be properly arranged . , wife , ” replied caderousse sharply . that , notwithstanding their names ’ ending in <unk> and <unk> , the heroes of the story which we are about to have the honor to relate to our readers have nothing <unk>	70.62521362304688
about them . , then , you came to seek ? ” , ” replied the doctor ; “ but now we are <unk> ” monsieur , i must acknowledge , with a sword thrust in my breast , and by nailing the comte de wardes on the byroad to calais , like a <unk> on a tapestry . ” _ though i should like to have seen porthos on my yellow horse . him , edmond ? ” any appearance of affectation , and asked d ’ artagnan in the most careless manner possible if he had ever been in england . durham and may return at any moment . recognized the bandit , whose existence he would not believe when albert de morcerf mentioned him in	73.08687591552734
paris ; and not only did he recognize him , but the cell in which albert had been confined , and which was probably kept for the accommodation of strangers . there was a proper proportion in his sentiments toward the governor of the prison and the <unk> the subordinate and the master . ! ” said he . to be depended upon , i have him under my hand , monsieur , ” said m. dessessart , pointing to d ’ artagnan ; “ and as to the four or five volunteers , monsieur has but to make his intentions known , and the men will not be wanting . ” shoulders . ” man who had followed him entered too ; the frenchman knocked at the	62.94792175292969
inner door , and entered the first room ; his shadow did the same . said valentine . a cigar , and cease to defend yourself , and to struggle to escape marrying mademoiselle danglars . s made the gascon regret that he had summoned the brute force of his friend to aid him in an affair which seemed to require chiefly cunning . , if you please. ” said the abbé ; “ edmond talked to me a great deal about the old man for whom he had the deepest love . ” seemed as though he was constrained to tell the truth . a <unk> . ” but at the same time , remember , we must continue to play our respective parts . replied danglars	70.3425521850586
; and going quickly to the designated place , they called for a bottle of wine , and two glasses . , i am overwhelmed with delight . ” will be proof enough that i authorize their journey . ” anyone ? ” ? ” true , ” said athos . thirty-six cannon . ” said he . the sky ; here is the sea ! the room , shut the door , and waited in the corridor , the soldier ’ s half-pike in his hand , and as if he had mounted guard in his place . 600,000 francs , my bills are returned <unk> , and , more than that , i hold bills of exchange signed by him to the value of 400,000 francs	61.80538558959961
, payable at his correspondent ’ s in paris at the end of this month . seen the count take something in my house , if only an ice . , ” she observed , “ that such substances could only be prepared by chemists ; otherwise , all the world would be poisoning each other . ” you ? ” it is already five o ’ clock , so make haste . ” cause of the <unk> was apparent to all . , you would rather not ? ” the same color as the draught she had poured into the glass , and which valentine had drunk ; it was indeed the poison , which could not deceive m. d ’ avrigny , which he now examined	60.77104187011719
so closely ; it was doubtless a miracle from heaven , that , notwithstanding her precautions , there should be some trace , some proof remaining to reveal the crime . , and which he the silence and the solemnity demanded by the occasion , laughter and jests arose from the crowd . have correspondents in that country . ” a <unk> . do ? ” but the three musketeers ; they had all been engaged in earnest search and inquiries , but had discovered nothing . albert , “ he was talked about for a week ; then the <unk> of the queen of england took place , followed by the theft of mademoiselle <unk> ’ s diamonds ; and so people talked of something else .	102.29214477539062
” . ” contrary , we shall not answer . ” said danglars ; “ do you know she is going to embrace a religious life ? ” eye and heavy heart , all the noble features of that face , usually so calm and serene , were overcast by grief . sigh ? ” stirrups ! ? ” asked the one who carried the lantern . whole of the property , surmounted at intervals by vases filled with flowers , and broken in the centre by a large gate of gilded iron , which served as the carriage entrance . she had pondered , analyzed , turned on all sides , examined on all points , the words , the steps , the gestures , the signs	102.57196807861328
, and even the silence of her interlocutors ; and of this profound , skillful , and anxious study the result was that felton , everything considered , appeared the more vulnerable of her two persecutors . , who lifted him up like a feather , arrived at the top . that m. and madame de villefort were beginning to speak in parables , appeared to pay no attention to the conversation , and feigned to be busily engaged in watching edward , who was <unk> pouring some ink into the bird ’ s <unk> . with appearances i am lost ; for a man so well off will never change his happy condition , and i shall fail with him , as i have already done with	118.25799560546875
aramis . ” yet invited me . ” ! ” say so at once , my dear sir ! , as subterranean waters <unk> in their caves . enough of such compliments ! ” cried porthos . reckoned without the wind . behalf of the <unk> ” this answer was too clear to permit of any mistake as to his sentiments . by our god . affected at that story , or rather fable , which the count related ? ” himself with joy . possibly have over a bandit ? ” ’ s color rose and mazarin grew even paler . decided that you are to live at marseilles , and that i am to leave for africa , where i will earn for myself the right	104.7923583984375
to use the name i now bear , instead of the one i have thrown <unk> ” mercédès sighed . , as i have told you ; had he lived , mercédès , perchance , had not become the wife of another , for he would have been there to reproach her infidelity . cried , “ are the prisoners still there ? ” of the civil marriage . face in the bosom of athos , and sobbed aloud . and by mere <unk> god pardon me if i <unk> he heard the confession of the executioner of bethune . ” the next day they met again . ? he , with compressed lips and flashing eyes , “ you have not the presumption to instruct the comte	83.77538299560547
de la fere and myself what we ought to say here ? ” ! ” and daughter , pressed emmanuel ’ s hand with friendly warmth , and then going to his private room on the second floor had sent for cocles . , then porthos . french academy to do with all this ? ” . ” mordaunt ; “ fire upon them ! ” no risk , for , as i told you , i will stay here ; so there is no chance of my escaping . ” the preceding evening . his face ; he was resolved to unravel the mystery . wondrous island indeed faithfully guarded its precious secret ? ? ” asked the young man . to him , then ? ”	57.592803955078125
man is very learned , he discovered , in the neighborhood of rome , a kind of lizard with a vertebra more than lizards usually have , and he immediately laid his discovery before the <unk> . the little staircase , instead of passing through the ante-chamber where d ’ artagnan was waiting . fancied she saw the luminous eye of the <unk> eye which lived in her memory , and the recollection overwhelmed her with so much shame that she asked herself whether any amount of gratitude could ever repay his adventurous and devoted friendship . , debray ? ” received orders to place himself behind the four friends in order to reload their weapons . it . ” the brigadier . yourself ? ” , and	112.15239715576172
summoning all his resolution , attacked the ground with the pickaxe . , then , in that quarter ? ” at our ease , la ramee removes the guards , keeping only grimaud to wait on us . was in paris , you , of course , did not lose sight of him ? ” franz . ? ” the musketeer . that he did , monsieur , for all his <unk> manner . ” taken nothing yet . ” ” look upon what has passed today as if it had not happened , and as though we had never thought of such a thing as a change in our original plans . ” of her sovereign <unk> , her nobles returning to their former <unk> and insolence	84.84976196289062
, her enemies within her <unk> proved the great richelieu no longer in existence . box , told her not to open it except in london . ” birth ! ” corso , bordered from one end to the other with lofty palaces , with their balconies hung with carpets , and their windows with flags . cross himself when one of these beings happened to approach him . reverence . did toward the opening . to be as m. noirtier had stated . you have let fall and i have picked up ; for in three years , madame , i have only seen you four times—the first , which i have described to you ; the second , at the mansion of madame de chevreuse ;	141.6403350830078
the third , in the gardens of amiens . ” there was no reply there was a moment of silence . mazarin , “ the people there are very <unk> , and their habits , since the revolution , simple ; but no matter . ” mother , as a child , saw her . although the wealth of his family had passed into a proverb , and i heard the phrase very often , ‘ as rich as a <unk> ’ but he , like public rumor , lived on this reputation for wealth ; his palace was my paradise . quays , went out by the gate of la <unk> and followed the road , much more beautiful then than it is now , which leads	99.07169342041016
to st . small staff . narrative . do with politics ? least , m. debray , i need not give a further description , because to you my beautiful pair of dappled grays were well known . of intoxication in which vulgar drinkers fall on the floor and go to sleep . ” cried the king , “ by what monsieur de la trémouille shall say ? ” to you . ” you that everything <unk> us—the depths of the sea , the enmity of kingdoms , the sanctity of vows . on our road . ” per annum for your services <unk> than many a brave <unk> , who continually risks his life for his country , <unk> . the liberator , the father of the	119.3503189086914
people ! around the door . in him the terrible secret of which chance had already communicated to him a part in front of the samaritaine . was not yet acquainted with such <unk> . the flock was safe at the farm , the little luigi hastened to the <unk> at palestrina , took a large nail , heated and sharpened it , and formed a sort of stylus . letter with apparent calmness and said , shaking his head : cunning fellow , ” murmured mousqueton . of water , ” said the abbé . five minutes ’ grace , we have only ten left . ” heard it said , ” replied the coadjutor . a guard of twenty men armed with long guns and pistols	85.71401977539062
, and dressed in the costume which the greeks have assumed since they have again become a nation . the count , “ your life is safe ; the same good fortune has not happened to your <unk> is mad , the other dead . expectations ; that is all i promise you . ” to the bottom of his heart by this proof of courage , sprang toward him . to recognize the features of this individual . write ? ” abbé busoni . ’ ” allowed to go into normandy ? ” go to bed at all ! ” ? ” asked dantès . ” said he . general alarm . ” detain you some time longer , but i will strive to make it as	52.91456985473633
short as possible . i am , without doubt ? ” so i call her the beautiful indian . ” of his three friends , d ’ artagnan found them assembled in the same chamber . you , since mademoiselle danglars was not among the number here who thought of you ? poor bazin , reflect a little . as he entered his bedroom a man was getting in by the window . , ” said athos . albert ; “ yes , it is indeed he who has so long pursued my father with jealous hatred . , for your reply <unk> neither logic nor philosophy ; everything is relative , my dear young friend , from the king who stands in the way of his successor	79.02930450439453
, to the employee who keeps his rival out of a place . scarcely the question . host was a priest , that coquette took it into her head that it would be a happy souvenir for her old age , among the many happy souvenirs she already possessed , if she could win that of having damned an abbé . ” can not permit you to go . ” job , and were you to search my pockets and my boxes i don ’ t believe you would find a hundred pistoles . ” parted with him . ” said mazarin , his eyes twinkling with joy on seeing that he could pay for porthos ’ s devotion without opening his purse ; “ only that ?	97.04888916015625
have received news of franz . ” . d ’ avrigny paid no attention to her ; possessed with but one idea , he cleared the last four steps with a bound , and rushed into the kitchen , where he saw the decanter about three parts empty still standing on the waiter , where it had been left . men understand by instinct , but which reason is powerless to explain ; in such cases the greatest poet is he who gives utterance to the most natural and <unk> outburst of sorrow . be signed ! ” cried morrel . a new passion in your <unk> of vengeance . ” you had endeavored to escape ; that you had taken the place of another prisoner ; that	106.33454895019531
you had slipped into the winding sheet of a dead body ; that you had been thrown alive from the top of the château d ’ if , and that the cry you uttered as you dashed upon the rocks first revealed to your jailers that they were your murderers . was intended <unk> is noirtier , logically speaking , who drank it . for a receipt ? ” said the major , at the same time slipping the money into the inner pocket of his coat . beggar , an <unk> hates slavery , and finds himself <unk> in the world . ” looked upon the customs officer wounded to death , and , whether from heat of blood produced by the encounter , or the chill	117.5435562133789
of human sentiment , this sight had made but slight impression upon him . a hollow voice . answer , ” replied the secretary , smiling , “ which he must transmit to his majesty if , by chance , his majesty should have the curiosity to know why no vessel is to leave any of the ports of great britain ? ” lots ! , in heaven , that the duc de beaufort is to escape , he will escape ; and all the precautions of the cardinal will not prevent it . ” lord , ” replied d ’ artagnan . out , ” continued the count , “ a dark lantern , a bunch of false keys , a secretaire half <unk> is tolerably <unk>	62.488502502441406
” ” ’ s turn , who performed it with a good grace and who <unk> he said , by selling some theological <unk> procuring a few pistoles . a horse dealer ’ s , where i saw this magnificent horse , which i have named médéah . ferry rope under the shadow of a pale cloud which hung over the water at that moment . message to say , that , though the duchess had not the honor of knowing monsieur de la fere , she would receive him . the old man . herblay , to his left . circumstances , i am justified in doubting the wisdom of an old man who , because he hated the father , <unk> his anger on the son	78.32613372802734
. provide , in any event , the means of leaving <unk> case either of failure or of success . sensible man could leave his house , france , his <unk> charming youth , for we saw him in the <unk> fly to the aid of a <unk> , worm-eaten royalty , which is going to crumble one of these days like an old <unk> . s horse by the bridle and led him forth out of the <unk> . to pieces even whilst they praise him ; one takes away from him all claim to good sense , another robs him of his poetry , a third of his originality , another of his humor , another of his independence of character , a <unk> , good	157.14724731445312
heavens ! , thanks ! ” cried morrel gratefully ; “ take it—take it ; and if you can find another employer , enter his service ; you are free to do so . ” the jesuit , a little put out , while the curate , greatly delighted , turned upon d ’ artagnan a look full of gratitude . most unfavorable moment for your first visit . here ? ” asked d ’ épinay . said the cardinal , laughing , “ almost beat the italians in effrontery . ” not the only one i miss here ; i do not see morrel . ” leave a few crowns for me at the gate that i may have some things i am in need of !	64.69148254394531
” <unk> as a wife , an unnatural sister , homicide , poisoner , execrated by all who knew her , by every nation that had been visited by her , she died accursed by heaven and earth . ” terrible one , mr. mordaunt , and touches me keenly ; but happily for you , you serve an all-powerful master ; he ought to aid you in your search ; we have so many means of gaining information . ” d ’ artagnan presented himself at milady ’ s at about nine o ’ clock . caderousse , “ did he know so little of his lovely betrothed ? , seized his pen , and wrote a few words . what i give you . ” fetch	95.3912353515625
me ? lord winter . the pavilion in which ten years later louis xiv . a new <unk> from the benches . perfect calmness ; valentine looked at him a moment with her large , scrutinizing eyes , endeavoring not to let morrel discover the grief which struggled in her heart . the greater part will be furnished afterwards by the state in which we find the affairs of the testator , and by yourself , who , having had the management of them , can doubtless give full information on the subject . understand , ” said porthos . have franz and château-renaud ; they will be the very men for it . ” ever forget that her son is her safeguard , her shield , the	104.244140625
pledge for her dignity , for her fortune and her life ? , make up her mind to renounce the world , sir , since it is only about a year ago that she herself proposed entering a convent . ” no better if the stranger , in his turn , would drink the health of the king . he cried , throwing down his knife ; “ why should i do so ? ” night now came back to his mind with startling clearness . my housekeeper on the strength of it . ” furrowed by care , and the bold outline of his strongly marked features , betokened a man more accustomed to exercise his mental faculties than his physical strength . ? ” said the	105.04826354980469
count ; “ but that is not in the country . you , it was your purveyor , ” said d ’ artagnan . ; m. de villefort has overwhelmed me with politeness in return for a service which a <unk> piece of good fortune enabled me to render him . exclaimed athos , “ for heaven ’ s sake ! turned in the direction of the château d ’ if ) uttered this prayer , he saw off the farther point of the island of pomègue a small vessel with <unk> sail skimming the sea like a gull in search of prey ; and with his sailor ’ s eye he knew it to be a genoese tartan . as yourself , ” cried albert , “	58.14745330810547
could scarcely have required an introduction . ” drew his sword , and sprang upon d ’ artagnan ; but he had too strong an adversary . and fell a second time on his knees . however , <unk> of what we may call the intelligent <unk> of a youth who is charmed with the <unk> , careless life of an only son , and who lives as it were in a gilded <unk> . ’ ve ever been so happy as at this moment . ” the question i am about to put to you . enjoy that pleasure , ” said aramis , with his mild and careless manner . to something . ” visitors ’ room had scarcely astonished andrea less than themselves , for	77.60646057128906
the <unk> youth , instead of making use of his privilege of waiting to be claimed on his entry into la force , had maintained a rigid silence . , has she tried to fly ? ” his reason , ” said morrel . t let that disturb you , ” cried mme . meaning of this change ? ” two wings extended the park . ’ ll go like the wind , —only tell me which way to drive . ” a monk and revealed it to him in confession . ” ” said d ’ artagnan to himself . exclaimed dantès ; “ do you really believe i can acquire all these things in so short a time ? ” said porthos , “ neither of	67.68759155273438
them had any advantage over us . limited either by mountains or rivers , or a change of manners , or an alteration of language . ” ” is i who tell you so ; make preparations for departure . ” the whole thicket . be in the salon in ten minutes . ” betrayed that perfect confidence which contradicted the <unk> simplicity of this modest attire . athos , whose great courage alone supported him , sank upon his knee . my lord , to imprison her majesty ’ s musketeers . ” thus passed the day in building castles in the air , they separated their flocks , and descended from the elevation of their dreams to the reality of their humble position . andrea cavalcanti	137.51634216308594
? ” asked danglars in amazement . , ti , ta , ti , ta , ta ; it is charming , let them <unk> moment . villefort , <unk> the tones of his voice , “ a marriage once concerted and then broken off , throws a sort of <unk> on a young lady ; then again , the old reports , which i was so anxious to put an end to , will instantly gain ground . <unk> , touching his shoulder with his finger , “ are you a man again , maximilian ? ” his prisoner ’ s hand , saying : mousqueton ? ” disguised it will be almost easy . ” king ’ s life is not worth what it must cost	78.84437561035156
there ’ s an end of the matter and i send to groslow to say i am ill . ” him . . athos ; “ one of our party is still wanting . ” was not then dead ! ” be true , ” replied the count , smiling , “ perhaps you will be kind enough to give me some account of yourself and your family ? ” the table , ate but little , and drank only water . fog . ” was less cruel than you . ” said the swiss ; “ goose <unk> is <unk> with <unk> . ” villefort , “ was it you who bought m. de saint-méran ’ s house ! ” . is , i have found my	51.97941970825195
father . ” carrying me off . ” there ? ’ cried caderousse , rising , and drawing up in a heap the gold and notes scattered over the table , and which he covered with his two hands . whether the king <unk> was of the older or younger branch , whether the government was <unk> liberal , or <unk> ; looked upon by all as a man of talent , since those who have never experienced a political check are generally so regarded ; hated by many , but warmly supported by others , without being really liked by anybody , m. de villefort held a high position in the <unk> , and maintained his eminence like a harlay or a <unk> . strong post ,	122.19950866699219
” he resumed , “ and we have forty good men , tried soldiers , having no connection with frondeurs nor any interest in the fronde . ” first ; and now i think entirely as he does . ? do not understand , ” said porthos . woman travelled from rogliano to paris to fetch me , and having claimed me as her son , carried me away . , ” said athos ; “ but that concerns aramis . ” ” , were you not ? ” a hundred francs ; you see it is your interest to take my bank-notes . ” , caderousse ? ” read <unk> lips <unk> ere you announce some terrible <unk> hands tremble . but there is no occasion to	76.99859619140625
squeeze so hard . ” s born must fulfil his destiny . ” me , the queen requires them again . taken away and changed , then , with the exception of the sleeping-chamber which is hung with red damask ; you will leave that exactly as it is. ” bertuccio bowed . want ? ” demanded the host , pale and trembling from the discovery he had just made . declared they were both poisoned through eating mushrooms . danglars . ! said the novice ; “ we must trust in heaven . much as you like , ” replied porthos , who was now quite out of humor at seeing things take this turn . and raising her fine eyes toward heaven , “ lord ,	98.30704498291016
lord , ” said she , with an angelic <unk> of gesture and tone , “ pardon this man , as i myself pardon him . ” will never make a man of him . ” ” exclaimed monte cristo , “ can my suspicions be correct ? coward , ” cried olivain , “ because he wanted the other day to fight a cornet in grammont ’ s regiment and i refused to accompany him . ” said , “ we must leave this craft at once or we are dead men . ” one in that occupation , ” said cromwell . were in your <unk> ” said albert . of forges , i go and take sea waters ; i am free to do so	56.329402923583984
. said athos , “ in a position so precarious as ours we must examine the earth and not the heavens . will some day leave it ? ” said la ramee . doublet and hose of a violet color , with <unk> of the same color , without any other ornaments than the customary slashes , through which the shirt appeared . man ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . sir , ” said the president , “ you have insulted a man , and that man will not go one step farther without demanding honorable reparation . ” ” landed in the gulf of lyons , and this was a difficult thing to do because it was then the year 1829 . true ; but i	62.25969696044922
should not have recollected it if you had not reminded me . ” d ’ artagnan , “ i will be there ten minutes before <unk> ” and he set off running as if the devil possessed him , hoping that he might yet find the stranger , whose slow pace could not have carried him far . albert , <unk> a volume of smoke and balancing his chair on its hind legs , “ only madmen , or <unk> like us , ever do travel . , “ the cause of this event ? ” ” said the light-horseman . the men to allow sword wounds to be inflicted upon you thus , ” said the cardinal . , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ upon	66.0747299194336
that very horse i came to paris . ” , and it was fortunate i did so , for at that moment caderousse entered with a stranger . , and not wishing to put himself under obligations to the brute , the banker threw himself down again on his goat-skin and did not breathe another word . he said , “ you have done that which you ought to have done , d ’ artagnan ; but perhaps you have been wrong . ” d ’ artagnan ; i held a similar project , but as i had not nor ever shall have your fruitful , vigorous imagination , the idea was suggested to me . duke ! to know , countess ? ” asked albert . we	69.27045440673828
are five of us good <unk> , able enough to turn it over again , or if not , to hold on by it . yet know , sir , on account of the swelling ; but the doctor is afraid some <unk> has been injured . ” in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties . checked the fervor of the lover and the mother . do you love that woman still ? ” albert , in his turn looking around to see what lucien was doing . comminges , “ declare yourself at once ; will you obey or do you intend to rebel against the king ? ” one another and laughed ; they were caught . thought of little or nothing	119.60577392578125
, but was happy as a <unk> in his old master ’ s company . button-hole , and the carriage went triumphantly on . opened , and read it , then looked round for bertuccio , but he was gone . two adversaries reached the field of battle . if the king ’ s troops remained quietly in their camp , it was evident that some day or other , buckingham , who only continued in the isle from obstinacy , would be obliged to raise the siege . a disadvantage to you ; a <unk> man is very troublesome to people who are not prepared for it . at the door looking after porthos with a mournful gaze , when the baron , after walking scarcely more	86.97560119628906
than twenty paces , <unk> <unk> his forehead with his finger and exclaimed : and fancied he saw him in the corridor , rendered still darker by the torch carried by the concierge . easy if you much wished it ? ” took the road to rueil , where he usually resided ; in those times of disturbance he went about with numerous followers and often disguised himself . it most expedient , without exhibiting too much ill-will , to follow to the end his role as confessor . part , ” said athos , “ i found aramis ’ s spanish wine so good that i sent on a <unk> of sixty bottles of it in the wagon with the lackeys . we to do , and	109.1780776977539
where do you wish me to conduct you ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . , ” said he , “ that at least it shall be my study to merit your approbation in all things , and i will take m. ali as my model . ” in consequence addressed to general de quesnel , begging him to be present at the meeting next day , the 5th . were very long . lips the repast that , like a voluntary <unk> , he refused himself ; but he thought of his oath , and he would not break it . by him who died for us that naught shall induce me to breathe one syllable to my jailers ; but i conjure you do not abandon	73.87654113769531
me . you everywhere ; there is a visitor in the drawing-room . ” , madame , ” said he ; “ but i do not precisely recollect the date of the day . , and distributed the crusts without soup to the impatient clerks . to speak to the people . ” men without arms do against eight armed men ? ” i shall know if you lie . ” less forward than they , did likewise , and all ran out , in order to repair to their posts . , and find them , i conjure you . ” eyes remained fixed on the door . construction on your visit ? ” ” rejoined monte cristo , “ that however thomson & french may be	58.40427017211914
inclined to commit acts of imprudence and folly , the baron danglars is not disposed to follow their example . ” , this response was but momentary . head was confused , for her <unk> plans clashed one another like chaos . france . send for some breakfast here ? ” pale than usual , and his eyes , reddened by want of sleep , denoted that he had passed a feverish night . asked the duke uneasily . we shall continue our conversation to the end of the village . ” of us in this country , for each must think about his own affairs . to his window , which opened on a terrace , having the sea in front , and at the back a	106.87688446044922
pretty park bounded by a small forest . and when he had watched it drive beneath the sombre arches he went and stationed himself under a wall over which the shadow was extended , and remained motionless , amidst the moldings of jean <unk> , like a <unk> , representing an equestrian statue . , which was called a chariot in those days , came out , rumbling against the gates , and de winter , still on horseback , bent again to the door to converse with her majesty . felton had told all . nearer still . resembles that of the accusation . ” ; “ nor even ancient greek , my dear count ; never had homer or plato a more unworthy <unk> than myself	152.931884765625
. ” advanced , consisting of from twenty to twenty-five men ; but they were not pioneers , they were soldiers of the garrison . ; albert de morcerf entered first , and i began to hope my fears were vain , when , after him , another young man advanced , and the count exclaimed : ‘ ah , here is the baron franz d ’ épinay ! ’ i summoned all my strength and courage to my support . ! ” and aramis quickly appeared in their turn , and the moment the two guardsmen attacked their young companion , drove them back . followed the gentleman at a distance of five hundred paces . pass ; it was only five hundred , two hundred ,	72.73916625976562
one hundred steps in advance ; at length they reached it , but it was not the friend . , ” said mazarin . the day before the betrothal feast . ” i was going to say , if your eminence had let me finish my sentence . ” a cavalier mounted on a magnificent black horse , who was charging at the head of the english regiment , of which , in his ardor , he was ten steps in advance . and unexpected voice made everyone start . , then ? ” honor , ” said athos , “ your eminence is right in taking us with you ; we have seen several ill-looking faces on the road , and we have even had a quarrel	58.27696990966797
at the red dovecot with four of those faces . ” . ” desired by him to give you his compliments and to say that he is in good health . ” grimaud met him between bethune and arras and then came here to warn me of his presence . ” stories of this bandit chief , each more singular than the other . this fête would take place , but the king replied that he must consult the cardinal upon that head . all these matters . you will go and examine it . ” aid they already considered themselves invincible . the men to whom they were addressed . no engagement and consider myself quite free . heir ? ” with a damask cloth and arranged	126.49687194824219
upon it so many things , gilded , perfumed , appetizing , that d ’ artagnan was quite overcome . that as i did not then know his eminence , if i had been able to dispense with the visit , i should have been enchanted . ” you heard it , or one very similar to it ; a house with a garden , a master , a physician , and where there have been three unexpected and sudden deaths . bridles of their horses to their lackeys and rid themselves of their cloaks when a man approached them , and after looking at them for an instant by the doubtful light of the lantern hung in the centre of the courtyard he uttered an exclamation of	76.93733978271484
joy and ran to embrace them . voice charles was about to cry out , when aramis placed his finger on his lips and bowed low to the king of england . confidence makes you honorable in my opinion ; and your princely father , is he rich , very rich ? ” they heard the noise of a carriage which stopped at the gate . . king ’ s attorney , i denounce mademoiselle de villefort , do your duty . ” together with his handkerchief , and then with a cord over the handkerchief . <unk> the tempest when the waves became too violent , allowed them to rise to a certain pitch that he might be revenged on the importunate andrea , and besides it	69.84185791015625
would afford him some recreation during the long day . difficulty in believing such things , my pretty dear , were it only from self-love . ” ” said porthos ; “ jump in . ” been playing the day before . ” embroidered with flowers of gay colors , which were rather faded , fell from the wide windows ; the <unk> of the room were simple , but in excellent taste . minutes . given to himself . ” the rue st. honoré in order to purchase some rouge for madame de chevreuse . the exercise which invigorated monte cristo , was sleeping in an armchair near the window , while the count was <unk> with his architect the plan of a conservatory in his house	85.69615936279297
, when the sound of a horse at full speed on the high road made albert look up . any horses , get them of <unk> , and if you purchase a phaeton , go to baptiste for it . ” and that ’ s all . from the anxiety of its only and true chief , the royal army led a joyous life , neither provisions nor money being wanting in the camp . ” he added , “ your pardon , sire , but my devotion to your majesty has made me forget , not the respect i have , for that is too deeply engraved in my heart , but the rules of etiquette . ” milady , “ i know it is so .	80.76058197021484
, my friend that we were right in what we did . s it , no doubt ! ” said milady , returning the letter to mme . d ’ artagnan , in a loud voice . same road , but with more difficulty and less diligence . hear the sound of felton ’ s steps , and rising quick as thought , she blushed , as if ashamed of being surprised on her knees . , ” said porthos , holding out his hand , which d ’ artagnan took and shook in his . of sending the letter to the commissary of police , notwithstanding the advice of his anonymous friend , or perhaps because of that advice , when suddenly the idea occurred to him	54.144405364990234
that it might be some personal enemy , whom he alone should recognize and over whom , if such were the case , he alone would gain any advantage , as <unk> had done over the <unk> who would have killed him . , ” added he in a low tone , “ that i should remain in paris just now to watch the paper . ” left the hotel , completely disguised , took a cabriolet , and ordered the driver to take him to the <unk> rouge , at <unk> . knot for ? ” thought dantès . de busigny , who , by the by , had given them a magnificent dinner , a partner worthy of his company . want ? ” and she	66.11661529541016
fell full length on the floor . with you , hermine ? ” , and still another half-hour was passed in waiting , while morrel walked to and fro , and gazed more and more frequently through the opening . shed a tear . , ’ i said . ” and night lasted , dantès still doubted ; but as soon as the daylight gained the pre-eminence , he saw that he was alone with a corpse . , that on the table round which they were sitting were pens , ink , and paper . , who earn my fortune , whom i pay much below their deserts , if i may value them according to what they bring in ; therefore i shall not get into	128.06739807128906
a passion with them ; those with whom i will be in a passion are those who eat my dinners , mount my horses , and exhaust my fortune . ” ask for me at all hours , and consequently to take advantage of all opportunities , you will probably obtain that which you desire . ” in the recollection of those who <unk> his history ; his terrible story is recited in the <unk> , and a shudder is felt at the description of his transit through the air to be swallowed by the <unk> ” then , the count added aloud , “ was his name ever known ? ” opened the door , such a gust of wind came in that the lamp was nearly	95.15904235839844
extinguished . upon a coverlet taken from the bed of d ’ artagnan , and which d ’ artagnan from that time made shift to do without . each of us his instructions . dovecot chapter xliv . wrongly interpreted ; i did not mean to say— ” woman ! the duc de beaufort , was quite unintelligible to la ramee . saw it again , approaching with frightful rapidity . ’ t speak of it any more , then ; ” and planchet took his place in d ’ artagnan ’ s suite with that sublime confidence he had always had in his master , which even fifteen years of separation had not destroyed . is to carry out , in a fitting manner , the last	105.36003875732422
wishes of our friend . d ’ artagnan , “ it is half past four , and we have scarcely time to be on the road of chaillot by six . ” you know me ; but i know you only as an adventurer <unk> up in gold and jewellery . closed the door behind him . i could not guess that you would invite me to dinner . ” with going to fetch the duke and conducting him to the louvre , was abducted . source of so much alarm to the cardinal and whose means of escape disturbed the repose of the whole court , was wholly unconscious of the terror he caused at the palais royal . ? as he signified that he had indeed	62.53392791748047
both chased and captured many lions . , fish , game , —it signifies little , so that i eat . ” ” was by nature very <unk> people generally are who possess the genius of <unk> all he could to make out who athos , porthos , and aramis really were ( for under these pseudonyms each of these young men concealed his family name ) <unk> in particular , who , a league away , <unk> of nobility . d ’ artagnan . and the man disappeared . ” ; we shall perhaps travel part of the night , and must keep our strength up . ” of a struggle , but of a failure . captain , said a few words to him , and	135.35723876953125
as if from that moment the vessel was under his command , he ordered a maneuver which the crew executed immediately . the madman , ignorant of his folly , should attempt things beyond his power ? in their cells ; but they did not do so with m. bonacieux . time raised his expansive brow ; a flash kindled in his eyes , and a bitter smile passed over his lips , then , like his comrades , he sank again into reverie . saw the two cavaliers he ran to them with open arms . villefort , “ we are thinking of marrying valentine. ” had the old man ’ s face been moulded in wax it could not have shown less emotion at this news	134.60623168945312
than was now to be traced there . who sent me away when i was five years old because no one paid her for me , telling me the name of a relation of whom she had heard my mother often speak . ” ” said monte cristo , “ paris is a strange city , and the parisians a very singular people . continue the struggle ; if beaten , i am lost . does not necessarily make a man a coward . i recognize you ; you are captain mordaunt . ” , rising without speaking , went and <unk> his sword . the king ? ” and the cardinal pronounced these words with a singular expression of contempt . he leave your hôtel ? ”	74.31932830810547
without regularity , but always aimed with the same accuracy . from your lips than another ’ s . ” three , four , five , ” said monte cristo ; “ five <unk> what a crœsus you are ! ” days of july , when in due course of time the saturday arrived upon which the ball was to take place at m. de morcerf ’ s . , after being summoned by m. noirtier , had so much astonished everyone , that the position of madame de villefort , left alone with the notary and the witnesses , became every moment more embarrassing . piece of bread ; the jailer entered and placed the bread on the table . mordaunt . his heart swell in his	78.88457489013672
breast ; a flame seemed to rush from his throat to his eyes , he bent his head and wept . quite the contrary ; but after his illness grace touched him , and he determined to take orders . ” fine arts , which luigi had carried as far as he could in his solitude , he was given to <unk> fits of sadness and enthusiasm , was often angry and capricious , and always sarcastic . comprehended that this was his recompense . , ” he said , “ explain , my child , ” he said , “ <unk> did you find this purse ? ” , if only in <unk> ” to be in <unk> ’ t tell them why now . a ladder	78.17084503173828
like that . ” ” continued madame de saint-méran , “ we went out together in the carriage after dinner . that <unk> fellow will be a <unk> before i shall be a captain . ” presence was likely to afford me delightful company ; yet i expect , in all probability , to quit the convent at any moment . ” safe and sound , continued his way toward the camp . dantès timidly , “ what is the matter ? ” villefort made no answer , but raised his head at the expiration of a few seconds , and again perused the letter . said , without having recovered the use of his hand and foot , had regained all the clearness of his understanding ,	63.06644821166992
and had gradually , besides the moral instructions we have detailed , taught his youthful companion the patient and sublime duty of a prisoner , who learns to make something from nothing . ? ” returned dantès , dropping the stool and sitting on it as if he were in reality mad . obliged to request m. d ’ avrigny to superintend all the arrangements consequent upon a death in a large city , more especially a death under such suspicious circumstances . the count negligently , looking attentively at morcerf , “ is there not something like an execution upon the piazza del popolo ? ” with that false calmness than i impose upon you with my frivolous solicitude . ” exclaimed the queen . carriage is	153.9574737548828
at the door , ” said he . are three superb animals ! ” will be a difficult matter to arrange , besides , i shall just be in the way of all the preparations for departure . ” to his horse ’ s neck , the young man fired , and the ball severed the feathers from the hat . ” said d ’ artagnan . daughter of epirus , haydée , and your charming and poetical ideas prove well your descent from that race of <unk> who claim your country as their birthplace . , i should be <unk> if you were to leave vincennes . ” prisoner thus , we shall never know the truth . ” young man who seeks and wishes to speak	76.49712371826172
to you , ’ said the sentinel . said athos . s apartments , but were compelled to stop in the ante-chamber , since her majesty was at that moment giving audience to gentlemen bringing her news from england . clue to your griefs ; the curious suck our tears as flies suck the blood of a wounded hart . ” ” demanded porthos . sold . ” not worth reckoning with the general stock . ” it , you can do better , ” said danglars . are in prison all will be well , ” said anne , “ but one of these days they will get out . ” , but i must go up to maximilian ’ s room this instant , ” replied	60.1928596496582
monte cristo , “ i have something of the greatest importance to tell him . ” to lose . d ’ artagnan , “ this is capital ! reply that i desire , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ the only one worthy of you and of me ! ” jealousy avoid being pleased at the coadjutor ’ s misfortune , and was about to utter some bon mot more witty than correct , when athos stopped him . to enter this enclosure to exchange a few words with you through this <unk> be close to you without really seeing <unk> i ever asked so much as to touch the hem of your gown or tried to pass this barrier which is but a trifle to one	86.85595703125
of my youth and strength ? departure ? ” ” said the gascon . , and let us drink . in <unk> , will tell you the name of one , and major cavalcanti , who is an italian , will tell you the name of the other . ” ” said the duke , “ his cellar and kitchen might easily <unk> those of monsieur de chavigny . ” eaten ! ” caderousse darted on his wife keen , searching glances , but rapid as the lightning flash . would bring about my condemnation , divorce , exile ! ” xvi . ! , ” said andrea , “ am i to remain bareheaded ? ” of france . ” a quarrel with a man is a	66.4887924194336
bad method of pleasing the woman who loves that man . ” murmured mazarin . fine , ingenuous natures which assimilate themselves easily to the <unk> of others . to <unk> prince ? ” love , intoxicated with joy . gondy , “ there is a <unk> between us . was at the top of a small mountain , which no doubt in former days had been a <unk> extinct volcano before the days when <unk> and <unk> had deserted <unk> to come and found the city of rome . for kitty to leave the room . a horse of you ? ” so . ” repeated madame de villefort . one , too , ” replied albert with gratified pride . even . ” abyss ; what	72.20319366455078
an abyss ! ” cried felton . ventured to say , “ i have heard you relate , monsieur mousqueton , that once on a time , at chantilly , you fed your master and yourself by taking partridges in a snare , carp with a line , and bottles with a <unk> . ” leaving the dinner served . of the island . ” that i am the mistress of the house , gentlemen ! valentine could not repress a shudder , which caused a vibration in the bed . the old man . planchet , to be sure , ” said athos , “ what is there so astonishing in that ? her beautiful hand to the cardinal and showed him a superb diamond which sparkled	68.4036865234375
on her finger . is not like the other , and his madness is less affecting than this one ’ s display of reason . ” morrel ’ s , but the owner , hearing of his arrival , went to see him . thousand for you . ” remained a long time beneath the water . fearful agony pervaded her frame , and she sank panting into the arms of porthos and aramis . used to these latitudes , and knew every rock in the tuscan archipelago ; for in the midst of this obscurity franz was not without <unk> had long since disappeared , and monte cristo itself was invisible ; but the sailors seemed , like the lynx , to see in the dark ,	82.01309967041016
and the pilot who steered did not evince the slightest hesitation . low whistling sound , the sign of alarm well known to the lackeys in the days of their youth , resumed his place at the table and made a sign to blaisois to follow his example . distance in the rear , when suddenly there resounded five or six <unk> . avidity to these appalling <unk> and horrible paradoxes , delivered by the count with that ironical simplicity which was peculiar to him . from his mind the fear he entertained of his terrible <unk> he comprehended the strange qualities of this woman , sometimes a serpent , sometimes a lion . milady , who examined the temper of it attentively , and who tried the	157.48443603515625
point on the tip of her finger . lady as your interpreter , m. noirtier ? ” had been dark , and seemed a desert . la meilleraie , “ do not say too much against him before me , for the service he rendered me is still fresh . ” but made no answer . know that this was not a political trick , that the minister enraged at seeing me in the opposition , and jealous of the popular sympathy i excite , has not concerted with m. debray to ruin me ? ” his seat nearer to milady ’ s . paris ; he can ’ t go out without being <unk> by his admirers . ” inform you sooner of this circumstance . ”	88.88380432128906
horses , count ? ” knees , seized the hand , and touched it respectfully with his lips . a horse by the bridle , ” he said to porthos and mousqueton ; “ turn to the left , so that athos and aramis may see you clearly from the window . ” continued losses , kept up a vigorous play with his knee . make a terrestrial paradise of it . ” ” he said , hastily , “ do you know if the count is within ? ” over the pale lips of milady . the painful efforts which the old man made to drag himself along ; his leg was inert , and he could no longer make use of one arm . madame danglars	68.79352569580078
, valentine was not yet recovered . ’ artagnan ! ” said monte cristo , addressing andrea , “ make your confession . ” you to interrogate , but to answer . ” ” repeated porthos and aramis . met at brussels rochefort , the <unk> <unk> of the cardinal disguised as a <unk> , and that this cursed rochefort , thanks to his disguise , had <unk> monsieur de <unk> , like a ninny as he is . ” place , ’ said he , ‘ i wish my lackey placed with me , fully <unk> ’ we hastened to obey this order ; for you will please to understand , monsieur , we were disposed to do everything your friend could desire . diavolaccio , ’	62.9681282043457
said he calmly , and he drank it off , without his hand trembling in the least . who was passing through the streets which led from the louvre to the hôtel de ville , and which were all illuminated with colored lanterns . , ” said the latter , “ i know a man who has rendered great services to a very popular prince and who would make an excellent leader of revolt . to <unk> the storm burst . , monsieur ? stairs , upon the most conspicuous door of the corridor , was traced in black ink a gigantic number “ <unk> ” d ’ artagnan knocked , and upon the bidding to come in which came from inside , he entered the chamber .	76.96621704101562
sign to take up his basket and to walk on first . with all my heart , ” said comminges ; “ for i know who you are and what service you once performed for her majesty ; i know , too , how dear to you is the young man who came so valiantly to my aid when that old rogue of a broussel was arrested . tender , constant heart of athos , and fearful <unk> were the torment of the impulsive aramis . , reflected for a few moments , wrote eight or ten lines in a charming little female hand , and then with a voice soft and slow , as if each word had been scrupulously weighed , he read the following :	123.25239562988281
cardinal ; the cardinal knows everything . ” ” replied d ’ artagnan , who had never been able to <unk> the first <unk> of that language into his head , and who had by his ignorance driven his master to despair , “ yes , doubtless there is one . ” who carried me off ! ” bounded towards the door . loop through this partition nor move with a <unk> a cask of wine which may perhaps weigh two hundred pounds . ” furious , and left to her own guidance , she went for the marechal de la meilleraie and desired him to take as many men as he pleased and to go and see what was the meaning of this pleasantry . ? ”	69.26405334472656
the count , and left the house . the frock with such an ill grace that it was easy to perceive they belonged to the church <unk> ; women a little inconvenienced by their costume as pages and whose large trousers could not entirely conceal their rounded forms ; and peasants with blackened hands but with fine limbs , <unk> of the man of quality a league off . father ’ s house , but occupy a pavilion at the farther side of the courtyard , entirely separated from the main building . ” i did not feel myself sufficiently prepared for ordination , and at my request the ceremony was postponed for a year . felton , “ i can do but one thing , which is	138.85943603515625
to pity you if you prove to me you are a victim ! heaven and would have embraced d ’ artagnan had he dared ; meanwhile he resolved to sacrifice his life for him on the next occasion that presented itself . no longer here ; he appears to have fled by the window . tell you what i did not like to mention on my return from yanina . ” to dessessart . and most capital tobacco , in a small chest in the hold , which you shall have tomorrow . to the young woman , who advanced towards him with clasped hands and a smile upon her lips . mousetrap continued in operation , and likewise d ’ artagnan ’ s vigilance . artagnan ,	71.49330139160156
what is the matter with you , and what has happened to you personally ? bouquet ; teresa returned it—all this with the consent of the chief , who was in the carriage . ” today . ” that if by your fault any evil happens to d ’ artagnan , i will find you , wherever you may be , for the purpose of ripping up your <unk> . ” , he immediately repaired to the cabaret of the pomme-de-pin , where he found porthos and aramis awaiting him . reverie and answered nothing . lover was in cucumetto ’ s troop ; his name was carlini . over this man . you please , my good woman , ” replied andrea . age of forty-six .	65.06475830078125
. ” <unk> father ? ” said the mendicant ; “ it is a great honor for a poor distributor of holy water . ” can have uttered the cry , ” said the king , “ but the noise is easily understood . please , and , besides , you must <unk> something to <unk> minds . to his forehead . looking , my fine fellow ? ” asked the fruiteress on the opposite side . was occupied . cardinal . room for <unk> , his companion rejoined him and the boat began to move more rapidly . enemies ? ” , however terrible it may be , which can authorize a creature of god to inflict death upon himself . yanina , which was taken as	78.7936782836914
long ago as the year 1822 or 1823 ? ” i have a ring likewise . ” minutes , sometimes longer , but always finished thus : on first ; the stairs did , indeed , lead to the garden . caught her , i bound her ; and i imprinted the same disgraceful mark upon her that i had imprinted upon my poor brother . for the fugitives . how well i remember them ! know it ? ” asked milady , seizing both his hands , and endeavoring to read with her eyes to the bottom of his heart . king was going to bed and not to his coffin . t know those walls ; they are sixty feet high and i doubt if monsieur	104.79286193847656
de beaufort is sufficiently weary of life to risk his neck by jumping off . ” you must perish ! ” said d ’ artagnan . , very polite , modest , and agreeable , such as may be found constantly in italy , descendants of very ancient families . , ” replied athos . said two words to mordaunt in this little desert . in haste a crust of bread and drank a glass of spanish wine ; then monte cristo slipped aside one of the <unk> panels , which enabled him to see into the adjoining room . steps were heard in the passage . but what are you going to do until this evening ? know you can do so . of d ’ artagnan	79.66356658935547
. punished , and he may hope that he will not be ; but , on my honor , if he thinks so , he deceives himself . ” to priests of a very different appearance . ” porthos , looking at the gascon with the most profound admiration . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ can she have charged you to tell me so ? ” hold you in high admiration for the affair of london , he entertains a great hatred for you ; but as , considering everything , he can not accuse you openly , and as hatred must be satisfied , particularly when it ’ s a cardinal ’ s hatred , take care of yourself . it , ” said the	44.65937042236328
soldier . we lived in the little village of rogliano , at the extremity of cap <unk> . the cardinal saw his means already bearing fruit , and applauded himself for having put it in action , an inhabitant of la rochelle who had contrived to pass the royal <unk> knows how , such was the watchfulness of bassompierre , schomberg , and the duc d ’ angoulême , themselves watched over by the <unk> inhabitant of la rochelle , we say , entered the city , coming from portsmouth , and saying that he had seen a magnificent fleet ready to sail within eight days . , it is conscience that saves us , for it supplies us with a thousand good excuses , of which we	151.1958770751953
alone are judges ; and these reasons , <unk> excellent in producing sleep , would avail us but very little before a tribunal , when we were tried for our lives . were finally quit of monsieur de beaufort . ” the last words of the captain ; and two or three heads , carried away by the enthusiasm of the moment , appeared through the openings of the tapestry . . . of astonishment passed around the group of spectators of this scene . the corpses , ” replied athos . went out and hastened to repeat to his friend mazarin ’ s flattering promises , which gave porthos an indescribable happiness . , you are the most honorable man i have ever known . ” man	107.18775177001953
fancies the world belongs to him . not to open his mouth about the procurator ’ s wife , and not to say a word of the wound ? ” villefort , rising hastily ; “ stay where you are . was that ? ” ! ” murmured raoul . side of the wall which <unk> and retains the most heat , they may be seen sometimes talking to one another , but more frequently alone , watching the door , which sometimes opens to call forth one from the gloomy assemblage , or to throw in another outcast from society . , motionless and dumb , listening to the beating of his own heart . , “ ah , madame coquenard ! fact to make all the	90.99739837646484
ladies in paris court his notice , and that is , that he has come to take up his abode in paris for a year , during which brief period he proposes to spend six millions of money . . caderousse , “ they had made me drink to such an excess that i nearly lost all perception . true what you say ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ i am going out for all day , perhaps . believing in the reality of her opposition and was unwilling to deprive himself in his own view of the credit of her conversion . face the concierge himself had never seen , for in the winter his chin was buried in one of the large red handkerchiefs worn	89.59143829345703
by gentlemen ’ s coachmen on a cold night , and in the summer he made a point of always blowing his nose just as he approached the door . every month he makes me say a mass for the repose of the soul of one who died a violent death ; yesterday i said this mass again . ” my brethren in whom you have equal confidence with myself ? ” website which has the main pg search facility : www.gutenberg.org . of my being tired when you ordered me to go to the palace to-day to pass the odious decrees which have raised the people to rebellion . ” to-night ? ” asked aramis , glancing toward the west , where the sun had left a	131.96897888183594
single golden cloud , which , dipping into the ocean , appeared by degrees to be extinguished . ! ” behind him . command , sir ; shall we return together ? ” adventurous affair in which i may be killed . a false look you have , particularly when you are afraid . man before ? ” were wrong . ” in the morning the straw was worth eighty francs a truss and there was no more to be had . having written the letter , sealed it , and rising , approached the young man in order to give it to him . , albert , ” said mercédès . folly ! —to carry generosity so far as to put myself up as a mark for	67.1388168334961
that young man to aim at . expiation . athos , “ put yourself at the head of the troop and beware of the monk . ” albert fall into luigi ’ s hands ? ” shrugged his shoulders , saying : for her interview with the count approached , milady had everything about her darkened , and ordered kitty to return to her own chamber , and introduce de wardes whenever he presented himself . the president . young man , with bright eyes , black hair , and <unk> moustache , respectfully bowed to madame de villefort . a blind or a deaf man . ” , the curtain of a small gallery which to that time had been closed , was drawn , and the	67.04517364501953
pale face of the cardinal appeared , he being dressed as a spanish cavalier . i shall be delighted to see you there . ” thus , and with such a voice ? ” said he . the path . that two sentiments so opposite could dwell in the same heart , and by their union constitute a passion so strange , and as it were , diabolical . it . ” the mission you are fulfilling ? and do you speak seriously ? ” asked louvieres . the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete , old , middle-aged and new computers . walked toward a mirror . means which i will not employ but in the last	114.41786193847656
extremity to close your mouth , or at least to prevent anyone from believing a word you may utter . ’ everything is in the kitchen . ” said the young girl , “ do you understand now , and is your conscience perfectly at rest on the subject ? ” ’ s hand between his . but valentine remained standing by her father ’ s side , and franz before him , holding the mysterious paper in his hand . , monsieur , and here is my sword . ” d ’ artagnan reply ? ” head to foot in the garb of the count of san-felice ’ s daughter . should he know in the neighborhood any doctor or <unk> , to fetch him , taking	62.800086975097656
on himself the payment of the messenger . was employed by these cavaliers in traveling with the wonderful rapidity of former days . ” ” said mazarin , bowing , “ i desire that you give me a share in your friends , as i have shared with you the little industry and talent that heaven has given me . ” of you , my dear friend , and so act as to render your captivity supportable or your flight possible . athos . not thought of this . fast animal , but he kept up an easy , steady pace ; in three hours and a half andrea had traversed the nine leagues which separated him from compiègne , and four o ’ clock struck as he	88.16927337646484
reached the place where the coaches stop . cautious by these words , entered the apartment , where he found mazarin sitting at the table , dressed in his ordinary garb and as one of the prelates of the church , his costume being similar to that of the abbés in that day , excepting that his scarf and stockings were violet . with fatigue . noisy in the day , for fear of being recognized ; he had therefore plenty of time before him , for noisy is only three or four leagues from paris , on the road to meaux . project gutenberg literary archive foundation and how your efforts and donations can help , see sections 3 and 4 and the foundation information page at	120.6523666381836
www.gutenberg.org . that can not be said before all . ” athos , whose blood mounted to his face at the insult offered to royalty ; “ tell the captain we are coming . ” . ” vive ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . <unk> which were tolerated in the time of the emperor , but which are not suffered now , for the people here do not like soldiers of such <unk> conduct . ’ armchair , without the power of moving . speak with me ? ” looking at d ’ artagnan with disquiet . impossible to doubt it , ” cried he , suddenly . the monks would be rendered aware that temptation was besieging a brother , and all the community would go	75.71192932128906
to prayers . signor pastrini , “ that you will go out by one , but i very much doubt your returning by the other . ” hastily , and saw madame de morcerf at the entrance of the salon , at the door opposite to that by which her husband had entered , pale and motionless ; when monte cristo turned round , she let fall her arm , which for some unknown reason had been resting on the gilded <unk> . his comrades , folded himself in his cloak , and soon appeared to sleep as soundly as the rest . he cried ; “ stand off the road ! ” gallantry and love affairs . man ’ s caprice ! ” , my dear monsieur	58.97443771362305
mouston , but i warn you that paris will be burnt down to-night ; ” upon which mousqueton had declared , without asking anything further , that he was ready to follow his master and monsieur d ’ artagnan to the end of the world . the direction of the lys . that alarmed us , for detachments were constantly <unk> along the banks of the rhône , but the care , according to the boy ’ s account , that they took to avoid being seen . . not understand , ” said danglars . you were saying , beauchamp . ” destruction , and it is from her we inherit all our miseries . ” are added notes relative to the prisoners ? ” his feet	67.1447982788086
, hands and <unk> three marks of race . athos ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . , your reverence , which always fall again upon the poor . , for all loved edmond in spite of his superiority ; yet jacopo reached him first . astonishment , comprehending nothing of what passed . been appointed provost of merchants ? ” , inquired if the cardinal was still at the louvre ; he was told that his eminence awaited the orders of his majesty in the business cabinet . must admit was rather free , wounded this officer . child of seven may some day make him very unhappy . ” said the prisoners ; — “ anyone can see he ’ s a gentleman ! ” that	159.91549682617188
is needed ; it is prudence . ” we were not in the plot , as you will soon see . said peppino , addressing the count , “ if you will follow me , the opening of the catacombs is close at hand . ” the parpaillot , followed by d ’ artagnan . . chapter viii . costumes between now and tomorrow ? nothing ? ” , family affair . was shed over the <unk> and curtains surrounding the young girl . my word ? ” said tréville , with a brow flushed with anger . same . off , and quickly . drew up the stone , rushed into the passage , and reached the opposite extremity ; the secret entrance was open . precaution	63.93509292602539
indicated , had an interest in not being recognized . five or six months ago , last february . ” you , ” cried milady , with the blush of modesty upon her countenance , “ for often the crime of one becomes the shame of <unk> my shame to you , a man , and i a woman ? artagnan thought he perceived in an obscure corner a discipline cord suspended from a nail in the wall . woman , and still more , a mother . perfect indiscretion of his friend would duly inform him of all that happened ; and as , during three years that he had travelled all over italy , a similar piece of good fortune had never fallen to his share	108.17720031738281
, franz was by no means sorry to learn how to act on such an occasion . perfect until he learns to create and destroy ; he does know how to destroy , and that is half the battle . ” from his breast , and he cried , , in spite of its striking appearance and the graceful effect of the geraniums planted in the two vases , as they waved their <unk> leaves in the wind and charmed the eye with their scarlet bloom , had fallen into utter <unk> . ” replied villefort , offering his arm . me he was a young man ? too , monsieur ; but i arrived second , and must sail first . ” , and at the corner	101.22003173828125
of the rue bac met mousqueton , who , with a most pitiable air , was driving before him a mule and a horse . on one side was the vast wilderness of the <unk> , on the other , paris <unk> in darkness . about him by which one may recognize him ? ” artagnan could nudge porthos with his knee and make signs with his eyes to athos and aramis . ” said the count , “ i do not think you have yet known the want of money . ” the happiest life possible , the real life of a pasha . what he says . ” d ’ artagnan , “ i decide that we should adopt athos ’ s plan , and that	59.374603271484375
we set off in half an hour . ” theatre , and heard her one morning when i breakfasted with the count . ” bed , and concealed by a stone fitting in so closely as to defy all suspicion , was a hollow space , and in this space a ladder of cords between twenty-five and thirty feet in length . opened his eyes , the count looked at him with a mournful expression of pity , and his lips moved as if in prayer . of whom i thought so much , of whom i was so proud , who had appeared so worthless in the dungeons of the château d ’ if , and whom i had succeeded in making so great , will be	81.11909484863281
but a <unk> of <unk> tomorrow . mind easy , ” said the doctor ; “ he is dead . friend of ours , and private secretary to the minister of the interior . conference , they proposed to separate . was attracted by this <unk> . young to die ! ” d ’ artagnan , shaking his head . the old man . become concerned in this <unk> affair ? ” morrel , almost tempted to throw himself on his knees before noirtier and valentine , and to adore them as two superior beings , “ what have i ever done in my life to merit such unbounded happiness ? ” moment imagine , d ’ artagnan , that i would commit such an offense <unk> ”	61.58292770385742
! me , mademoiselle ; i shall be a bad judge in such a case ; my selfishness will blind me , ” replied morrel , whose low voice and clenched hands announced his growing <unk> . d ’ artagnan ; “ i am most unhappy to hear it , on account of those fine animals . ” can i count on you ? ” know , and family scenes have not much effect on sinbad the sailor , who has seen so many others . it ! sides . ” the baldric of porthos and the handkerchief of aramis chapter v. the king ’ s musketeers and the cardinal ’ s guards chapter vi . new this time to show to the traveller , but , to	69.07070922851562
his great surprise , the latter , without seeking for the signatures , many of which , indeed , were only initials , named instantly the author of every picture in such a manner that it was easy to see that each name was not only known to him , but that each style associated with it had been appreciated and studied by him . indicated and perceived a beggar seated in a chair and leaning against one of the moldings ; a little basin was near him and he held a holy water brush in his hand . three millions should be intrusted to danglars to <unk> ; some persons had warned the young man of the circumstances of his future father-in-law , who had of late	143.2486572265625
sustained repeated losses ; but with sublime disinterestedness and confidence the young man refused to listen , or to express a single doubt to the baron . to walk about , to have fresh air , books , and writing materials . each movement of teresa and her cavalier ; when their hands touched , he felt as though he should swoon ; every pulse beat with violence , and it seemed as though a bell were ringing in his ears . his senses . there is no communication between m. noirtier ’ s apartment and that of madame de saint-méran , and barrois never entered my mother-in-law ’ s room . the courtier , laughing , in order that he might seem to comprehend the quotation ,	139.1117401123047
“ your majesty may be perfectly right in relying on the good feeling of france , but i fear i am not altogether wrong in dreading some desperate attempt . ” for help , ” said a lad , who could not comprehend that this little man should make a stand against that other man , who was so large . , who was unconsciously ruining his country , and threw all the odium of his proceedings on mazarin . was hired by a very rich gentleman who was supposed to be a sicilian or maltese ; but the host was unable to decide to which of the two nations the traveller belonged . have disposed of the coachman as well as the horses ? ” to walk	101.8767318725586
on through the rue notre dame . with a million ? ” retorted the count . the horse for what he owed us ; he assured me that they were two noble steeds . ” aramis ; “ it surprises me that two such heroes as porthos and d ’ artagnan should have allowed themselves to be arrested by eight men . ” cardinal as if to interrogate him ; but he had not time to address any question to him—a cry of admiration burst from every mouth . die , ” said she , “ bequeath your fortune to others , for if you die i shall require nothing ; ” and , taking the paper , she tore it in four pieces , and threw it	74.4310073852539
into the middle of the room . d ’ artagnan , whose ears <unk> terribly under the repetition of this word <unk> . , then , to recall another to you ? ” your mistress , a man has seduced your wife , a man has dishonored your daughter ; he has rendered the whole life of one who had the right to expect from heaven that portion of happiness god has promised to everyone of his creatures , an existence of misery and infamy ; and you think you are avenged because you send a ball through the head , or pass a sword through the breast , of that man who has planted madness in your brain , and despair in your heart . took part	88.67776489257812
in this great battle , bragelonne ! ” cried the former musketeer . the count , “ that is a most conjugal <unk> ; i recollect that at rome you said something of a projected marriage . , and called barrois . long one , and when he returned the kid was roasted and the repast ready . ” thought milady . . affairs at the very moment we introduced our readers to the study of cardinal <unk> that of cardinal richelieu . continued danglars , “ when a father asks his daughter to choose a husband , he has always some reason for wishing her to marry . hand over his brow to remove the drops of perspiration that burst forth , and rose in his turn	89.4867935180664
with a nervous movement he could not repress . a man about my own size . ” , perhaps . queen i forbid you to throw yourself into any peril which is foreign to that of your journey . ” ” inquired danglars , turning pale . die with them ! ” said the king . him , then ? ” you come out . ” happiness . raoul , ” said athos . , who seemed to him the more reasonable of the two ; we must do him justice , —he had had a great many frenchmen in his house , but had never been able to comprehend them . with the engagement ? ” contract in three days ? ” ” the problem . learn	47.35976791381836
, once for all , that that is a question which is never asked . the cardinal ’ s promises as of little worth , he affected to be completely satisfied , for he was unwilling to discourage porthos . monsieur will see . ” had called upon danglars , the mysterious lodger entered at ten o ’ clock in the morning instead of four in the afternoon . ’ artagnan followed his example . , striking at the same time on the <unk> gong . ” said danglars . ” count of monte cristo had ever been in france before he made this visit to paris ? ” every voice . time i ever saw her in this condition , ” said valentine ; “ and this	49.6850700378418
morning she frightened me so that i thought her mad ; and my father , who you know is a strong-minded man , himself appeared deeply impressed . ” s adventures . he could sell the great appointments and splendid offices which the cardinals already held ; and then he had the two hats to sell besides . porthos , “ but i should be glad to be informed . ” for you with my knife . ” the same time . ’ artagnan . ” to see that you understand the value of these papers . ” <unk> ” to say , boy , to monsieur broussel ? ” d ’ artagnan , who had overheard him , “ to-night , gentlemen , we rescue the king	56.07849884033203
. ” away ; at the end of the second he had ceased to mark the lapse of time . the executioner escape , then ? ” over the long white avenues ; the silence of earth and heaven is alone broken by the noise made by the crackling branches of hedges planted around the <unk> ; then follows the melancholy chant of the priests , mingled now and then with a sob of anguish , escaping from some woman concealed behind a mass of flowers . to receive you , gentlemen , ” said the servant , who had gone to inquire the pleasure of his mistress . beauchamp , i wish to return to human and material existence , and if you are still the friend	86.09846496582031
you <unk> to be , help me to discover the hand that struck the blow . ” , remained majestic and intact in his susceptibility , till he came to this unlucky city of meung . ” said athos , calmly . warn me ! ” cried caderousse , raising himself on his elbows . moved by them . shrink from no undertaking , according to what i see . ” athos , turning to comminges and giving him politely his sword by the hilt , “ here is my sword ; have the kindness to keep it safely for me until i quit my prison . days since . ” folded his arms over his chest as napoleon would have done . ? —come , tell me	98.54546356201172
! ” replied the jeweller , ‘ if by the time i have finished my supper the tempest has at all abated , i shall make another start . ’ to cry out , “ you are cowards , miserable <unk> men combined to murder one woman . cried luigi and teresa at the same moment . , of an elegance of which even the greatest nobles of france had not even an idea , and arrived at length in a bedchamber which was at once a miracle of taste and of richness . of the host . week , with the instinct of a <unk> , hunting by himself . but i like mine as well . ” wounded without doubt , killed , perhaps . aid	101.96177673339844
the emperor ’ s return . ” it annoys me , knowing your connection with the morcerf family , to see him throw himself in the way. ” danglars burst out laughing . said the king to aramis , “ do not take it so to heart . ” inquired the captain of the patrol . the lobby ? ’ said the president . , sire ; they slumber sometimes , but only revive the stronger before they sleep entirely . ’ ” . ” his audacity , perfectly stupefied me . his name , i know nothing about it ; but if i were ever to meet him , i should recognize him in an instant , i will answer for it , were he among a	73.07422637939453
thousand persons . ” carriage rolled down the avenue , and stopped at the steps . , ” he added , “ and give it to his excellency . ” rendezvous ; teresa gave him <unk> , instead of teresa , it was beppo who was on the steps of the church of san giacomo . ” shall we be able to distinguish friends from foes ? ” , there is a letter . ” . . them a chance of escaping , ” said d ’ artagnan . by his valet de chambre , who announced beauchamp . of <unk> ; and francis the first , who was , as i have heard say , as good as other folks , nevertheless lost the battle of <unk>	56.31621551513672
. ” disappeared , he said with a smile , — “ ’ tis strange that it should be among such men that we find proofs of friendship and <unk> ” then he dragged himself cautiously to the top of a rock , from which he had a full view of the sea , and thence he saw the tartan complete her preparations for sailing , weigh anchor , and , balancing herself as gracefully as a <unk> ere it takes to the wing , set sail . mother , ” said a young and lovely girl , with a profusion of light brown hair , and eyes that seemed to float in liquid crystal , “ ’ tis all my fault for seizing upon m. de villefort	116.21131134033203
, so as to prevent his listening to what you said . more ; i say only that fortune has turned against me—i had thought to gain heaven , and now i have lost it . knows him is his friend . ” ” much more than that ; she was born to treasures in comparison with which those <unk> in the _thousand and one nights_ would seem but poverty . ” banker ’ s look , and turning to monte cristo , who understood it perfectly , — “ did you see , ” said he , “ how he looked at me ? ” ” answered athos , with a trembling voice . me . , who guessed d ’ artagnan ’ s meaning , darted	60.68387985229492
at him a glance which might have been thought threatening ; but d ’ artagnan took no heed of it . look to see that his orders were promptly and accurately obeyed , and then turned again to the owner . turned towards his visitor , having his back towards the window , his elbow resting on the <unk> <unk> which furnished the theme of conversation for the moment , —a conversation which assumed , as in the case of the <unk> with danglars and morcerf , a turn analogous to the persons , if not to the situation . to be seriously offended , i could well understand it ; your majesty has treated her with a <unk> ” in the count of morcerf ’ s antechamber	97.1154556274414
, a footman , the same who at rome had brought the count ’ s card to the two young men , and announced his visit , sprang into the vestibule , and when he arrived at the door the illustrious traveller found his carriage awaiting him . today , to raise all these melancholy ideas ? ” yesterday , d ’ artagnan , ” said he , “ i can tell that by my tongue , which was swollen and hot this morning , and by my pulse , which was very tremulous . prepare a light supper , of which you , athos and aramis , are not to <unk> , because i told him you had a fever ; aramis , because you are a	60.30588150024414
knight of malta and won ’ t mix with fellows like us . that we have a reinforcement , and we must have an increase of supplies . ” sire . ” to have been abandoned in the deserted kitchen-garden ; and where cabbages , <unk> , <unk> , peas , and <unk> had once flourished , a scanty crop of lucern alone bore evidence of its being deemed worthy of cultivation . . ” table without another word and ate with an appetite that did honor to the confidence that was ever inspired in him by d ’ artagnan ’ s inventive imagination . <unk> . one o ’ clock , then , ” replied d ’ artagnan , turning the angle of the street . .	102.02860260009766
” . ” grimaud , with his hair standing on end . ” i have found you , then ; i see you at last ! ” rose in majestic indignation , whilst the cardinal , raising his hands clasped toward her , exclaimed , “ ah , madame , madame , how little you know me , mon dieu ! ” you are not mistaken . ” am sure of . ” afraid ; he is not so much of a devil as he appears . ” ” said he ; “ i am here . ” ” exclaimed athos , “ to-day love is like <unk> breastplate is becoming useless . ” man who ranks amongst the most ancient nobility of italy , whose name dante	51.56330490112305
has celebrated in the tenth canto of _the <unk> , you remember it , do you not ? in the most critical positions of our lives we have always dined . ” , deeply grieved at having been prevented the honor of being presented to the countess during her sojourn in paris , was most anxious to make up for it , and had requested him ( franz ) to remedy the past misfortune by conducting him to her box , and concluded by asking pardon for his presumption in having taken it upon himself to do so . only be approved of , but directed by the church . the carmelites at béthune , the trial in the isolated house , and the execution on the banks	140.89321899414062
of the lys . the duke , rubbing his hands . towards him without making a single step . changed ? ” asked dantès with much surprise ; “ do you think yourself more guilty in making the attempt since you have encountered me ? ” do ? ” , our equal in birth , our superior in position . death , and <unk> a ghastly smile . learned in cases of conscience , and we will tell him ours . ” sir , for a prince of the cavalcanti ! ” piece of good fortune sent from heaven , ” said athos , evidently much relieved . but a corpse in his arms . he , “ did you observe one very singular thing ? ” ”	70.18809509277344
to ask my wife to have a little conversation with me ; it is so rarely i make such a request , i am sure you can not <unk> it to me . ” this young man of having given bad counsel ? ” finish my night at the duke of bracciano ’ s . ” and light than the kid among the myrtles and shrubs of these wild rocks , took his gun in one hand , his pickaxe in the other , and hastened towards the rock on which the marks he had noted terminated . her ; but don ’ t exceed your orders . ” ” she answered , “ i would rather remain here . ” speak to monsieur d ’ artagnan ,	56.79684066772461
who must follow the bearer . ” ? ” i did not say as much as that , ” replied the count with a smile ; “ quite the contrary . curate appeared pleased . albert had heard the report of two or three <unk> . was stated that the comte de morcerf ( this was the name he bore ) had entered the service of ali pasha with the rank of <unk> . , as well as i do , i think . man espoused was one so sacred that beauchamp had only to comply with all his wishes ; he yielded and contented himself with following morcerf . to his happiness . mr. o ’ reilly , you are my prisoner . rough stones , among	71.97624969482422
which , to give strength to the structure , <unk> of hewn stone were at intervals <unk> . to his sword , and said , with the smile of a man who for thirty years has jested with death : sure of it ; we talked of you an hour after you left us the other day . then . , there was a portrait representing a nobleman of the time of henry iii. , dressed with the greatest elegance , and who wore the order of the holy ghost ; and this portrait had certain <unk> of lines with athos , certain family likenesses which indicated that this great noble , a knight of the order of the king , was his ancestor . and icy .	111.29081726074219
sticks and straw , and having filled the chimney with them , set a light to it . you tell me what i most wish to know ? ” ” replied athos , smiling at that gayety which recalled the good old days , “ that we could form an association of men who would be , after twenty years of separation , still so closely bound together . as you know , picked soldiers , and they require many things useless to the guardsmen or the swiss . ” make your mind easy , he shall be decently interred in the <unk> sack we can find . ” said aramis , “ remember that he goes in an opposite direction from that in which we are going	102.39604187011719
, that he has a fresh horse , and ours are fatigued , so that we shall <unk> our own horses without even a chance of overtaking him . it , that is all ; and i thought from having his foot upon it the handkerchief was his . ” , ” returned morrel ; “ and i will pay <unk> i shall be <unk> ” these last words were uttered in so low a tone that the stranger could not hear them . . , as you promised , all that you could do . de winter , “ i am at this moment as poor as he is , if not <unk> . . he said , “ which way do we go ? some neutral	55.19563293457031
ground on which an exchange could be made , and then to try and land these goods on the coast of france . shudder ran through his body . albert returned , delighted with his day ’ s work ; he had been occupied in leaving his letters of introduction , and had received in return more invitations to balls and <unk> than it would be possible for him to accept ; besides this , he had seen ( as he called it ) all the remarkable sights at rome . of hate , of ferocity , and savage impatience , that villefort turned out of the path he had been pursuing , to see upon what person this dark look was directed . ! ” his consciousness	132.94493103027344
, but he still lay helpless and exhausted on his miserable bed . chest , and in this position he paced his study ; then he threw himself , dressed as he was , upon a sofa , less to sleep than to rest his limbs , cramped with cold and study . led him through the adjacent chamber and left him with a doorkeeper , showing him the way out . ” usual , to an almost empty house , it being one of the <unk> of parisian fashion never to appear at the opera until after the beginning of the performance , so that the first act is generally played without the slightest attention being paid to it , that part of the audience already assembled	114.5145263671875
being too much occupied in observing the fresh arrivals , while nothing is heard but the noise of opening and shutting doors , and the buzz of conversation . to receive him ; but villefort was a man of ability , and he knew this would be a sign of weakness . aramis , speaking rapidly , “ you are saved ; the london executioner has vanished . ve half a mind to do it . felton , “ i wish to know . ” the most gracious air he could assume , drew the handkerchief from under the foot of the musketeer in spite of the efforts the latter made to detain it , and holding it out to him , said , “ i believe ,	74.92186737060547
monsieur , that this is a handkerchief you would be sorry to lose ? ” himself , he said , “ it appears , then , that the miserable old man you were telling me of was forsaken by everyone . at least , deny that you are very harsh judges of each other . ” in a comrade ’ s way ? ” said caderousse . whatever source the blow may have <unk> may be from an enemy , but that enemy is only the agent of providence . ” question occupied another five minutes . so near and consequently so threatening , as when he has completely disappeared . at the foot of a staircase , and he mechanically lifted his foot five or six times	68.2920913696289
. porthos . , then , dear monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” said milady . same question he had asked the first person he met . to begin . , the existence of the crime ? ” from it by the door , but by the window ; one doesn ’ t descend here by the marble steps of a <unk> , but by the branches of a <unk> ; and the angel with a flaming sword who guards this <unk> seems to have changed his celestial name of <unk> into that of the more terrestrial one of the prince de marsillac . ” going ? ” low before his highness . gone some few steps away , again returned , and pale with joy extended both	63.89400863647461
hands towards valentine through the opening . inquire from your majesty what you desire monsieur d ’ herblay and myself to do in your service . , aramis , and even though i had no need of it i still should keep it . his ‘ joy ’ —you style me your ‘ love , ’ —and both of you have called me ‘ my child . ’ ” diamond , which was as large as a <unk> , la carconte ’ s eyes sparkled with cupidity . ” key to your father , ” said he , “ and tomorrow morning , if possible , do not quit him for a moment . ” added she to comminges . it up ; he broke it . ”	89.02042388916016
went to pay a visit to one of his friends absent at the time , ” continued tréville , “ to a young béarnais , a cadet in his majesty ’ s guards , the company of monsieur dessessart , but scarcely had he arrived at his friend ’ s and taken up a book , while waiting his return , when a mixed crowd of bailiffs and soldiers came and laid siege to the house , broke open several <unk> ” more ! danglars , taking it from beyond his reach ; “ and as what i say and do is merely in jest , and i , amongst the first and foremost , should be sorry if anything happened to <unk> worthy <unk> here ! ”	127.20330047607422
and taking the letter , he squeezed it up in his hands and threw it into a corner of the arbor . asked monte cristo . caderousse as a bad man , and i thought him incapable of committing a crime , or even a theft . ” again before your departure ? ” word . aramis , but i thought you carried your eyes higher . ” is seventy if he yet lives ; i only love him and a young girl called mercédès . are better than <unk> the executioner of bethune , my uncle and king charles . the old man . had no settled habits of his own , as he came from his province into the midst of a world quite new to	71.67021179199219
him , fell easily into the habits of his friends . swelling of the veins of his forehead and the contraction of the muscles round the eye , trace the terrible conflict which was going on between the living energetic mind and the inanimate and helpless body . the worthy shipowner became at that <unk> will not say all powerful , because morrel was a prudent and rather a timid man , so much so , that many of the most zealous partisans of bonaparte accused him of “ moderation ” —but sufficiently influential to make a demand in favor of dantès . the race ? ” said he . chance , ” replied planchet , “ but we must not despair of the mercy of god .	139.80384826660156
” with the endurance of athos , who seemed to be made of iron , he would have preferred a bath in the river seine of which he had heard so much , and afterward his bed ; but the comte de la fere had spoken and he had no thought but to obey . from the scabbard , and followed him , crying , “ turn , turn , master <unk> , lest i strike you behind ! ” came to implore the protection of m. de villefort ; she did not obtain it , however , and went to visit the old man ; when she saw him so miserable and heart-broken , having passed a sleepless night , and not touched food since the previous	64.9328842163086
day , she wished him to go with her that she might take care of him ; but the old man would not consent . a low tone , “ yes ; that is the haven . ” is money in the house , eh ? ’ answered caderousse , <unk> the door . ” said albert , “ you seem to be on excellent terms with the beautiful countess . ” . ” rome you spent fifty thousand piastres in furnishing your apartments , but i presume that you are not disposed to spend a similar sum every day . ” previous one—the old editions will be renamed . for i have made a vow never to return to africa . ” voice that he was a	50.77907180786133
prisoner , a friend of the duc de beaufort , who called for help . the minister renders your authority great on the subject of political news ; you never open your mouth but the stockbrokers immediately <unk> your words . me , and even were i obliged to yield to the populace she would yield with me ; if i fly , she will fly ; and then we shall see how the rebels will get on without either king or queen . love him for all his goodness to us ! ” friends a journey to the waters of forges ; they stopped on the road , but you continued yours . what we hate most in the world , the spaniards and the english ?	110.30660247802734
” things have happened to you . you were wrong to reply to him as you did , ” continued aramis , following with his eyes the young man , now vanishing behind the <unk> . i thank you for the horse you have brought me . ” the direction of the traveler ; then , when he was within ten paces of him , he commenced a conversation which almost always ended by the traveler ’ s abandoning his purse to save his life . out with fatigue . heaven , you ! ” cried the queen ; “ but look me in the face . exclaimed the young couple . , and was taken , on the recommendation of m. morrel , who did not know	44.303672790527344
his crime , as cashier into a spanish bank . , to destroy this last <unk> of <unk> dangerous leaven with which the <unk> of civil revolt and foreign war were constantly mingling . me of that , ” said monte cristo , with the first movement of anger he had betrayed ; “ i will make him suffer . ” said i , ‘ for my liberty is your dishonor . ’ olivain , respectfully , “ allow me to remark that we have already much fatigued the horses this morning . in the neighborhood of noyon that he must seek that estate . the count , and deep hatred mounted to his face , as the blood would to the face of any other . aramis	94.02108001708984
made his appearance at the other end of the street upon a superb english charger . ; but his person was so admirably shaped and so well proportioned that more than once in his struggles with porthos he had overcome the giant whose physical strength was proverbial among the musketeers . , and married today at three o ’ clock ! children with all these titles ? ” mild light which silvered the foliage of two or three <unk> trees which formed a group outside the park . coadjutor , who is one of the most able <unk> we have ; the first available cardinal ’ s hat seems to belong already to his noble brow . ” continue to receive us ? ” asked the coadjutor ;	132.54698181152344
“ if your income is lessened i shall be obliged to make you a canon of notre dame . ” called away just now ? ” asked mademoiselle de saint-méran , with an air of deep interest . board , and had the sailors possessed the right of selecting a captain themselves , i feel convinced their choice would have fallen on me . , i was at the church of saint-philippe-du-roule , and for two hours i prayed most fervently . them the matter in hand . in <unk> to them , for this one great <unk> they have not yet had time to become old . ” well concealed that he could not find me . franz , “ i suppose you will allow that such	72.42049407958984
men as vampa and his band are regular villains , who have no other motive than plunder when they seize your person . fired , but with no other result than to show the four fugitives turning the corner of the street safe and sound . other particulars he was desirous of ascertaining , and those were of a nature he alone could <unk> in a manner satisfactory to himself . a plain , straightforward citizen , and turn to that side which offers the most advantages . ” write . ” gospel say ? , you don ’ t believe what i have told you ; is it not so ? ” countess g—— takes you for lord ruthven , my mother <unk> you to be cagliostro	145.36752319335938
or the count saint-germain . assembled , gentlemen , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ permit me to offer you my apologies . ” your <unk> ” were doing there ? ” then ? ” , then , what would you call robespierre ? expecting him . no weapon left in your power . ’ the young officer . athos . ” of milady ; that was most probable . philosophy the other . ” ! ” he said , pointing to the bodies of his wife and child , “ see , are you well avenged ? ” ” replied the young man naively ; “ i felt a great chill at my heart , and at the word ‘ fire , ’ which resounded in	47.16476058959961
spanish from the enemy ’ s ranks , i closed my eyes and thought of you . ” of you to trouble yourself about me . ” in the order in which they were to die , first peppino and then andrea . letter in the post , which is never safe , i took advantage of the journey of one of my lads to paris , and ordered him to convey the letter to this duchess himself . , ” said the marshal , “ you have divined all that was possible to human genius . ” you this password , ” said she , “ would you forget it as soon as you used it ? ” ’ ” it was a family jewel ? ”	58.19416427612305
some people on the way who delayed me . ” said the king ; “ but never mind , tréville , come still by the back staircase . ” ” said debray , “ you have a splendid fortune , an income of about 60,000 livres a year , which is enormous for a woman who can not keep an establishment here for a year , at least . trust to your word ; you have said that my son should live , have you not ? ” left . ” lord , it will be your best plan . ” i am the man you have to do with . cristo glanced through <unk> of bushes and trees , and was soon relieved from all anxiety ,	59.12679672241211
for seeing a shadow glide between the yew-trees , monte cristo recognized him whom he sought . i was no longer master of my senses . immediately . own ? ” over , he could by no means account for this generous conduct on the part of thomson & french towards him ; and could only attribute it to some such selfish argument as this : “ we had better help a man who owes us nearly 300,000 francs , and have those 300,000 francs at the end of three months than hasten his ruin , and get only six or eight per cent of our money back again . ” of their fine exploit in the cabaret of the next village , where my brother and i	121.6019058227539
were drinking . ” , ” said the banker to monte cristo ; “ wait for me . , and it may astonish you , that in order to accomplish a plan which is dearer to me than life i have only lord de winter , the friend of twenty years , and you , gentlemen , whom i see for the first time and whom i know but as my countrymen . ” was in a profound slumber when d ’ artagnan returned . . ” said , “ there he is at his post . ” , ” said athos . from the bandits , or should he wait patiently for them to propose it ? ball , as you know , since she came to	42.8143424987793
say good-bye to you in full <unk> ” noirtier again closed his left eye . the cardinal ; “ i will even ask the count to keep it for my sake . ” . ” said she , smiling , “ but we won ’ t tell him ! ” enough importance to me to spare your life for it ? ” asked the young man , <unk> his arm . during twenty-two years of service , seen his master extricate himself from so many difficulties that nothing less than athos ’ s imminent death was likely to make him uneasy . . thousand means of taking it away , and the devil has somewhat aided him . the hand of julie , who rushed into his arms	75.5845947265625
, he extended his other hand to emmanuel ; then tearing himself from this abode of peace and happiness , he made a sign to maximilian , who followed him passively , with the indifference which had been perceptible in him ever since the death of valentine had so stunned him . where winter ’ s body had fallen . ” said monte cristo , looking earnestly at the young man , and by an imperceptible movement turning his chair , so that he remained in the shade while the light fell full on maximilian ’ s face . m. de château-renaud , ” asked beauchamp , “ how is morrel ? ” a different affair . mistress ? ” bonacieux ’ s unfortunate house , together with	67.13352966308594
the nearest neighbors , heard loud cries , stamping of feet , clashing of swords , and breaking of furniture . ? ” ! ” said the cardinal , sternly . the waxlight , slipped it into his pocket , and taking up the lantern : “ now , ” he said , “ for monsieur de la fere . ” of whom i spoke , ” said the doctor to d ’ avrigny . stammered , “ do you mean to keep that money ? , his eyes suffused with blood , and his head thrown back , was lying at full length , beating the floor with his hands , while his legs had become so stiff , that they looked as if they would break	56.71137619018555
rather than bend . the most striking objects in the world , even to a man void of uneasiness ; but for one who has a timid conscience , and with good cause too , the yellow , blue , and white uniform is really very alarming . it . ” you , my friend . monte cristo . be dressed ? ” demanded andrea . gold in his pockets . the idea of marrying the granddaughter of a jacobin ? ” , reflecting , “ you are right , sir ; some one who could raise the legion of <unk> who choke up the <unk> of paris ; some one who would know how to cry aloud to them , that all france might hear it ,	75.70262145996094
that it is mazarin who has reduced them to poverty . ” , and he adores them by clasping his hands . said m. danglars conceals at least half of his fortune . ” ; her husband is only my brother-in-law , that is , a man whom the ties of social life alone attach to me ; no one then longer needs my useless life . s horses cleared the angle of the boulevard , when albert , turning towards the count , burst into a loud fit of <unk> too loud in fact not to give the idea of its being rather forced and unnatural . yet during the entire repast he seemed to be preoccupied . , and on the very day that planchet embarked	118.5530014038086
at portsmouth for france , the messenger of his eminence entered the port in triumph . chapter 10 . more so , monsieur . ” ambitious , but too young to be corrupt . pleasure , gentlemen ? ” replied the peasant , with a purity of accent peculiar to the people of that district and which might have put to shame the <unk> <unk> of the <unk> and the rue de l ’ <unk> . his friend with a slow and solemn step , embraced him tenderly , and as he burst into violent sobs , he said to him with his noble and persuasive voice , “ friend , be a man ! the procurator after having passed through the antechamber in which the clerks were	71.43526458740234
, and the study in which they ought to have been . i could have laid low a head so beautiful , with a face so pale . ” is like one ; pray let us come more to the point , and endeavor thoroughly to understand each other . ” not jest , _mordieu ! _ i should like to have seen you in my place ! injure me , haydée , ” said monte cristo ; “ it was his son alone that there was cause to fear . ” said athos , with his usual careless generosity , giving him his own , “ and be a good lad . winter accompanied the supper . cried ; “ remain ; i wish it . ”	55.819156646728516
he had found porthos in bed with a strained knee , and aramis at a table between two theologians . liberty ? ” said the cardinal . by this engagement ; he was to be back on the sixteenth day , by eight o ’ clock in the evening . queen , too . ” mine at eleven o ’ clock this evening . quarreling over the priest , as they <unk> formerly over the musketeer ; but <unk> have i in the world ? while up and down the hut , and then , suddenly stopping before mercédès , with his eyes glowing and his hands clenched , — “ say , mercédès , ” he said , “ once for all , is this your final	75.03634643554688
determination ? ” same when an unexpected weight fell upon the back of the horse , which sank down . the coadjutor , “ this evening , at ten o ’ clock , and if i am pleased with you another bag of five hundred pistoles will be at your disposal . ” is drawing to a close . present , m. morrel , farewell , and a thousand thanks ! ” my angel , ” said d ’ artagnan , smiling ; “ that would be useless . ” . this noise of thunder , however much your majesty may have wished to continue playing , has said , ‘ go in , sire . to drag myself from under my horse i hope nothing need prevent	65.50038146972656
us continuing our journey . ” he may remain within , that i shall go and see him immediately . ” i pocketed 600,000 francs the day charles v. repassed the <unk> . engaged a box in the most conspicuous part of the theatre , and exerted himself to set off his personal attractions by the aid of the most rich and elaborate toilet . ! ” he cried ; “ <unk> <unk> <unk> ! ” the fable , he could not sleep for thinking of his treasure . not strip the latter of his just rights to bestow them on the corsican , who , to my mind , has usurped quite enough . ” by my marriage , you have forwarded that . ” —to paris	108.69187927246094
! ’ artagnan is ! ” said athos , shrugging his shoulders ; and he made a sign to grimaud to bring another bottle . <unk> as the wind . , my friend ; it is said that he is married to the queen . ” , my fortune is made if i only reach the tuileries the first , for the king will not forget the service i do him . ” the host , in a doubtful tone . , poor woman ! ” murmured athos , in a broken voice . . d ’ artagnan . for monsieur bernouin , ” said the porter , opening the door of the third room . married a protestant for a third husband , have you ? ”	35.78021240234375
bottle , poured some drops of the mixture it contained in the hollow of his hand , and swallowed them . , as you wished , and waited , not for the decision of your heart or my own , but hoping that providence would graciously <unk> in our behalf , and order events in our favor . i don ’ t know . ” ” said the prince . ? ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ why should i ? ” ! _ for shame ! ” little and reflect . , then ? ” caderousse , “ why , what a lie he told ! of a wretch you buried in the dungeons of the château d ’ if . perfectly solvent , ” replied	57.70853805541992
danglars , with an almost mocking smile ; “ but the word <unk> , in financial affairs , is so extremely vague . ” ” cried dantès , his eyes sparkling with animation ; “ pray mind what you say , for you are touching on the most secret wishes of my heart . of laughter in which they all joined , to the astonishment of poor porthos ; but when he was informed of the cause of their hilarity , he shared it <unk> according to his custom . than any of us by your wisdom and your counsels , always followed by such happy results . ” composed the crew , obeyed , while the pilot looked on . madeleine : sleepy head ; quick ,	118.384033203125
the ladder ! ” the city two or three accidents of this kind happened ; but buckingham did not even turn his head to see what became of those he had knocked down . and the emperor of austria to appear to be wounded , as they really were , by the policy of richelieu—the eternal object of which was the <unk> of the house of <unk> declare war against france , and as a condition of peace , to insist upon the dismissal of the cardinal ; but as to love , there was not a single word about it in all the letter . ” you as a stranger ? ” , then , we went away a short distance ; we severed our <unk> with	69.10803985595703
a file the englishman had given us , and swam away . ” her beauty was of too marked and decided a character to please a fastidious taste ; her hair was <unk> black , but its natural waves seemed somewhat rebellious ; her eyes , of the same color as her hair , were surmounted by <unk> brows , whose great defect , however , consisted in an almost habitual frown , while her whole physiognomy wore that expression of firmness and decision so little in accordance with the gentler attributes of her <unk> nose was precisely what a sculptor would have chosen for a <unk> <unk> . are the indifferent races at the champ-de-mars and <unk> . , ” said the duke , “ now make	159.885986328125
me a little hole in the floor whilst i go and fetch the culprit . ” him ? ” , with an air of indulgence and good-nature that made monte cristo smile , acquainted as he was with the secrets of the banker ’ s domestic life . shall be yours . ” such at the last exhibition . ” . way . ” deadened , however , by good shutters , the songs of the <unk> , enjoying themselves in the cabarets scattered along the plain . settled ; mme . nine o ’ clock , he entered franz ’ s room , followed by a tailor , who had eight or ten roman peasant costumes on his arm ; they selected two exactly alike , and	79.80995178222656
charged the tailor to sew on each of their hats about twenty yards of ribbon , and to procure them two of the long silk sashes of different colors with which the lower orders <unk> themselves on fête days . bonacieux , _au revoir ! _ ” his friend , who had already begun a fresh pursuit . morrel , looking fixedly at his son , “ you are a man , and a man of honor . ! ” said porthos . aramis , “ i always try to be prepared ; and then i knew you were seeking me . ” made a _sortie_ during the night , and had retaken a bastion of which the royal army had gained possession two days before . the	97.10906982421875
apartments , held up three fingers of his right hand , and then , placing it beneath his head , shut his eyes , and feigned to sleep . ” , started on hearing these words pronounced with such a haughty and dignified accent ; it appeared to him as if there was something <unk> gloomy and terrible in the expression which gleamed from the brilliant eyes of haydée at this moment ; she appeared like a <unk> <unk> a spectre , as she recalled to his mind the remembrance of the fearful death of this man , to the news of which all europe had listened with horror . said monte cristo , well acquainted with ali ’ s pantomime ; “ you mean to tell me	80.70426177978516
that three female attendants await their new mistress in her sleeping-chamber . ” asked himself if all that was happening to him was not a dream , or at least the delirium of a fever . it ? ” in the gallery ? ” said morcerf . with the exception of two or three friends every one deserted him ; he had no means of resistance . ” ” cried the officer , in the tone of ill-humor habitual to him ; “ what the devil are you doing here ? ” , gentlemen , i admire you . the count , “ you have , then , not forgotten that i saved your life ; that is strange , for it is a week ago . ”	51.07361602783203
wish me to name any one who was mixed up in the <unk> of that day ? ” would have given 20,000 . vampa appeared before danglars . this marriage really grieves you too ? countenance of athos crossed his mind ; if he made the compact with the cardinal which he required , athos would no more give him his <unk> would renounce him . he exclaimed . the nature of her mission . not my fault , ” said morrel . ” said raoul to the wounded man . the young man entertained no doubt that it was his friend who held this dialogue from the interior with the lady of the exterior . ” said a mournful voice , whilst a sort of shadow arose	69.18258666992188
out of the side of the road . an <unk> of pieces of slate and began . top of his skull and blood was <unk> <unk> . quite wrong , my dear de winter , ” said buckingham , holding out his hand to him . madame , with the greatest interest , ” said mazarin . with a bound , and at the same instant the ball from the other musket tore up the gravel on the very spot on the road where he had thrown himself with his face to the ground . they smell so extraordinary in this soup ? ” said porthos , at the sight of a pale liquid , abundant but entirely free from meat , on the surface of which a	54.203765869140625
few crusts swam about as rare as the islands of an archipelago . , monsieur mazarin , ” said rochefort , leading off his curate , who had not found an opportunity of uttering a single word during the foregoing dialogue , “ you will see whether i am too old to be a man of action . ” air like the passion and anger in her thoughts . calling out his guard , the swiss troops and the musketeers , and he had planted them round the palais royal , on the quays , and on the pont neuf . said d ’ artagnan , “ to the governor ’ s . ” said athos , “ unless monsieur cardinal should form the ingenious idea of ripping	67.61381530761719
up grimaud , i think we may be pretty much at our ease respecting the letter . ” , ” said aramis . the handsomest in the <unk> chamber that i could have let ten times over . ” the major , “ there might be doubts raised . ” shall stop at the peacock . put me to death alone . you would make a singular general . genius , milady knew what suited her nature and her means . in before i am gone , ” said he ; “ and when i am gone , you can open to him . ” me , ” observed dantès , “ and that is how you managed to do all this by daylight ? ” about two	71.83782958984375
hundred steps d ’ artagnan stopped short , alighted , threw the bridle of his horse over the arm of planchet and took the pistols from his <unk> to fasten them to his girdle . the most loving glance that he could possibly concentrate upon her charming little person ; and while he descended the stairs , he heard the door closed and double-locked . sure , an honest man . ” tears on my face , and his were not the only tears shed , for many who witnessed our meeting wept also . ” ! ” beg of you ; i wait and listen . ” said albert , with a cold and formal bow . said he ; “ of what else should i speak	85.83050537109375
? ” strong enough , is it not , porthos ? ” ; this island is a mass of rocks , and does not contain an acre of land capable of cultivation . ” d ’ artagnan , “ let us inquire further . fiend , and had assumed the form of a brigand instead of a serpent , and this look from teresa showed to him that she was a worthy daughter of eve , and he returned to the forest , pausing several times on his way , under the pretext of saluting his protectors . such haste , and if i were not running after someone , ” said d ’ artagnan . that the two friends were longing to be alone , prepared to	62.74806594848633
depart , when a noise of dogs barking resounded through the courtyard and many persons said at the same moment : people , then a constitution , then liberty . to build ships with , penelon , ” said the poor owner mournfully , “ so i can not accept your kind offer . ” count ? ” dear la ramee , ” said the duke , “ that you are a charming fellow and that i would stay forever at vincennes to have the pleasure of your society . ” pen , flourished it above his head , and said : to be heard ; it might be imagined that he was a hundred miles from the capital . <unk> but an english garden ; badly kept	73.50228881835938
, i own , but still you must not <unk> it for that . ” of , d ’ artagnan ? ” he began . . ” said bazin , “ he must be pretty sick . ” cried he , starting up ; “ is my mother ill ? ” and he hastened to the door . am sure , the fullest confidence in my honor . —i do not count my servant ’ s <unk> nag . rochellais . ” room which franz had not yet seen , and which was surrounded with divans . , and he will marry haydée , the daughter of ali pasha of yanina , whom i have brought up with the love of a father , and who has shown	49.2684211730957
the love and tenderness of a daughter for me , he will thus accomplish my last wish . , then , did she die ? ” asked debray . once more , sending this threat : “ to our next meeting , sirs , in england . ” said morrel , when he had finished the first part of his recital , “ now i have told you of my love and my hopes , may i inform you of my intentions ? ” the news a quarter of an hour after m. de tréville , for they were the first to whom he communicated it . head , if not his heart , was already full . not that , my dear friend , which awaits me	60.89240646362305
beneath the sombre rocks of monte cristo , it is your presence , our living together five or six hours a day , in spite of our jailers ; it is the rays of intelligence you have elicited from my brain , the languages you have implanted in my memory , and which have taken root there with all their <unk> <unk> . <unk> , beautiful , and satirical . felton , “ it is nothing . ” her attempts to <unk> m. de villefort , her devotion to the elder dantès . she would risk her liberty for me , and yet for what other cause could she have returned to paris ? ” sleep of which this thought is the dream . she knew , turned	90.86549377441406
anxiously around , the door opened , and fernand , dressed in the uniform of a sub-lieutenant , stood before her . , what is to be done ? ” said the young man . de villefort , ” said monte cristo , fixing his eyes on madame de villefort ; “ and if i were sufficiently intimate with him to allow of giving my advice , i would persuade him , since i have been told m. d ’ épinay is coming back , to settle this affair at once beyond all possibility of <unk> . mother , it is necessary , in order to make your advice turn to account , that i should know beforehand what i have to distrust . door of the cell	40.68628692626953
yielded to a shock , rather than opened ; several men rushed into the chamber . wait ? ” had ruined for him she was destined to ruin , and became the comtesse de la <unk> ” respecting spanish <unk> the expulsion of don carlos . our <unk> <unk> or slashes from your sword . ” , i would betray my country , i would betray my king , i would betray my god . same day you first saw me ? ” let us make a compact . forming one vast <unk> , were heard , mingled with guns firing . , ” continued aramis , who , seeing his captain become appeased , ventured to risk a prayer , “ do not say that athos is	106.89279174804688
wounded . ” said aramis , almost involuntarily ; “ i fancied that i recognized mazarin himself . ” arrest me ? ” chapter 7 . m. de tréville , calmly , “ on the contrary , i come to demand it of you . ” ” said athos , <unk> a glass of sparkling wine . by my needless haste . ” thought the gascon , “ where has he heard it ? aramis , “ if i understand rightly we are to kill them all , eh ? ” you , you can point out what other hours you prefer , and in this respect your wishes will be complied with . ” bonacieux , “ i deceive your eminence ! ” governor . shipowner .	52.16560745239258
” hold me in greater esteem than the money itself , seeing that i sacrifice everything in order to keep my word with him . o ’ clock ; haydée will soon be here . prison of <unk> . ” up . , he is unquestionably her lover . ” answering , pointed to the garden . very guarded . tell me , since you have come to seek me . ” he heard the entrance of danglars into the room . ” muttered fernand . ” bread and sausages . you understand , provided we secure our own interests , of securing those of the frondeurs ; who , besides , don ’ t understand political matters as we old soldiers do . ” as death ;	65.94467163085938
for d ’ artagnan had assumed a threatening attitude , and planchet modeled himself after his master . my heart , ” said gondy . , count , this youth is our prisoner ; you seem to forget that . , ” said la ramee , flattered by the compliment . dantès was absent . who had discovered the disappearance of the <unk> , and was crying “ thieves ! ” , ” said haydée eagerly , “ my miseries recall to me the remembrance of your goodness . ” reason to retreat , to be alarmed , and to scream . as usual , this hôtel was full of soldiers of this company , who hastened to the succor of their comrades . him a last salute	80.18270874023438
. through the <unk> several boats which were gradually becoming more distinct to our view . completely taken by surprise and had mounted the stairs in such utter confusion , when once seated he recovered himself , as it were , and prepared to seize any possible opportunity of escape . present , ” replied the count , walking upon tiptoe towards the library door , and smiling with an expression so sad and paternal that the young girl ’ s heart was filled with gratitude . confidence she has even placed in mazarin ’ s hands that famous <unk> remember all about it—that i once sold to monsieur des essarts and of which , i don ’ t know how , she has regained possession . ”	124.54890441894531
clock when they arrived . ” said mazarin , “ and when has rueil been a prison ? ” heightened in the opinion of the young men , and for the moment seemed to <unk> the sun in splendor . so as honorable gentlemen , and the best proof i can furnish is <unk> ” the invalid , his eye beaming with delight at the ready <unk> of his meaning . in agitation , and as for his wife , she had fled at the sound of her husband ’ s cries . i am mad to trouble you with such things , when your coming to my tent at such an hour announces that you are the bearers of important news . ” ” replied planchet ,	68.99263000488281
<unk> to his <unk> idea , “ that monsieur bonacieux has something <unk> in his eyebrows , and something very unpleasant in the play of his lips . ” with apparent delight , a leading article in the same paper on <unk> , probably a composition of his own . ! ” the ring , giving it again to athos . ! ” he cried , “ no boat ! ” regard for the bastille than you . me , if i tell all i know , to relate , in your turn , all that i do not know ? ” at the door . of fact , without a single romance . have done ? ” why you come to disturb my tranquillity ? ” necessary	57.62901306152344
for your eminence to do what the other day you declared you should have done in our <unk> , ‘ down with mazarin ! ’ ” forth ? ” asked the sweet , silvery voice of mercédès ; “ two o ’ clock has just struck , and you know we are expected in a quarter of an hour . ” she will help me . of assassination ? ” said the general , shrugging his shoulders . have the honor of telling it to your excellency . ” . warning was ? ” sure , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ unless , forsooth , the sky rains friends upon him . ” two <unk> , two <unk> and two <unk> . invited and their carriages	43.42609405517578
had crowded the court since noon ; then after dinner the queen was to have a play in her apartment . scriptures ? ” mode of proceeding piqued the lady in the black hood , for she bit her lips till they bled , scratched the end of her nose , and could not sit still in her seat . lost upon dantès , who had always imagined , from seeing the sun rise from behind the mountains and set in the mediterranean , that it moved , and not the earth . grimaud some indispensable orders . ” ” retorted the count , “ have you attained the <unk> situation in which you are , without having admitted , or even without having met with <unk> ?	128.8577880859375
the voice . d ’ artagnan . ? ” xxii . quai de <unk> to have a new blade put to his sword , and then returned toward the louvre , inquiring of the first musketeer he met for the situation of the hôtel of m. de tréville , which proved to be in the rue du vieux-colombier ; that is to say , in the immediate vicinity of the chamber hired by d ’ artagnan—a circumstance which appeared to furnish a happy augury for the success of his journey . spurs to his horse , set off to the tent of lord leven . has been avenged . morrel . cried d ’ artagnan . that . ” said , “ break your sword . ” ,	51.697208404541016
and ali and <unk> will accompany you <unk> you desire to go . , d ’ artagnan , and think otherwise . ! ” artagnan had been the hero of these two fights , it was upon him that all the felicitations fell , which athos , porthos , and aramis abandoned to him , not only as good comrades , but as men who had so often had their turn that they could very well afford him his . d ’ artagnan had opened his heart to any one ; it happened , however , that these two men , on meeting again , <unk> perfectly . go to london , ” added porthos , “ money is needed , and i have none . ” o	69.50262451171875
’ clock . is all . ” the company of m. dessessart ought to be his passport . all the more wretched , sir , is , that i was the cause of this misfortune . ” the musketeers and made a sign imperceptible to the crowd , but very easily understood by that chosen regiment , the flower of the army . three times with her at madame de morcerf ’ s . , but d ’ artagnan was firm . a purse fell at my <unk> contained five-and-twenty louis ; i raised my head quickly , and saw mercédès , who at once shut the blind . ” ” resumed d ’ artagnan , “ that you suspect that impertinent gentleman ? ” valet-de-chambre will call	59.4976921081543
the guard , as he did yesterday and the day before . ” your disposal ; it is count de rochefort . ” murmured d ’ artagnan , “ look well at that priest . ” ; you can borrow at least a thousand crowns on it . with him that morning , and made an appointment with him in the rue saint-jacques ; unfortunately , the general ’ s valet , who was dressing his hair at the moment when the stranger entered , heard the street mentioned , but did not catch the <unk> ” as the police minister related this to the king , villefort , who looked as if his very life hung on the speaker ’ s lips , turned alternately red and	60.92853546142578
pale . explosion , because in that case the mine throws forth fire , and fire <unk> . ’ s all that i can say about them ; from time to time i hear of them indirectly , but in what part of the world they are , devil take me if i know , no , on my honor , i have not a friend in the world but you , rochefort . ” , for saying such things , but they form my excuse . andrea , some screaming , _ “ la <unk> <unk> ! ” <unk> a cruel operation , which consists in <unk> a comrade who may have fallen into disgrace , not with an old shoe , but with an iron-heeled one	117.07921600341797
. a painful task on me . one evening sought a quarrel with him on the pont neuf , opposite the samaritaine . ” saw faria ’ s eyes <unk> with blood . on , ” said he , between his teeth , “ expend your ardor the first day ; to-morrow , instead of journeying twenty leagues , you will travel ten , the day after to-morrow , five , and in three days you will be in bed . caderousse , “ yes , as the sun disappears , to rise the next day with still more splendor . ” the conversation ceased , and the three guardsmen and the musketeer , after having cordially shaken hands , separated , the guardsmen going one way and	105.3961181640625
aramis another . mazarin , more and more moved , “ will your majesty permit me to give you counsel ? ” ” the child , “ i swear to you that they shall kill me sooner than make me king . ” rue fontaine-saint-georges . but continued to gaze around him . ” said athos , “ and what is the name of the person ? ” the king and the cardinal , and how he likes ; but the queen is sacred , and if anyone speaks of her , let it be respectfully . ” occur to you , dear edmond , ” she continued with the same calmness which proved to fernand that the young girl had read the very <unk> depths of his	48.064476013183594
sinister thought , “ if misfortune should occur to you , i would ascend the highest point of the cape de morgiou and cast myself headlong from it . ” ; they must be good animals , then . ” hands of mazarin ’ s police a noble lord whom they were conducting back to the bastile , where he had been for five years . ” ” heavy step of a <unk> who served as sentinel was heard in the <unk> ax in his girdle and his musket on his shoulder . your cardinal ? think we are in bad company . ” but keep whole ; that will be better , and you will be more useful to me . cried , “ will you dare	78.20361328125
to tell me you did not know what you now reproach me with ? ” fortune is inconstant , as the chaplain of the regiment said . request , m. de villefort was the first to give the signal of departure . heaven , explain yourself ! ” luxury i enjoy , ” said the queen , glancing sadly around her . said peppino . , and hastily turning over the packet , drew forth the fatal letter , at which he glanced with an expression of terror . men who , to drive away a violent sorrow , have recourse to wine , and who , as they drink and become intoxicated , feel a thick veil drawn between the past and the present . me ?	75.41251373291016
” it not , monseigneur , and i shall have nothing else to do ? ” ” cried mazarin . , and a walk without rome will do us both good . ” more . ” , the truth , <unk> pure truth , the truth of the good god . ” that , i do not engage myself . ” said the young man , with such peculiar emphasis that the cardinal felt a shudder run through every vein . this means , ” exclaimed he . artagnan took the pistols which were upon the front seat , placed them in his belt , wrapped himself in his cloak , and not wishing to enter by the same gate as that through which they had left ,	44.95468521118164
he took his way toward the richelieu gate . to say , “ it is of no <unk> ” then , hoping doubtless to effect his purpose , he said , — “ the prince and my daughter were universally admired yesterday . ; it is he who raised your father ’ s head on the point of a <unk> ; it is he who sold us ; it is he who forsook us ! the rue saint <unk> and stopped at the door of a magnificent hotel , surmounted with the arms of de luynes . which the gendarme ’ s practiced eye had perceived , dantès sprang forward to precipitate himself into the sea ; but four vigorous arms seized him as his feet quitted the	70.4644546508789
bottom of the boat . <unk> , and was the intimate friend of cabanis . ” then ? ” unknown to him . prisoner ? ” cried the prince . arrived in paris on the tenth of january and the prince of conti was named , but not until after a stormy discussion , generalissimo of the army of the king , out of paris . ? ” inquired the count , who seemed to become somewhat interested in bertuccio ’ s story . be long before he comes in ? ” had yielded to albert ’ s wish to be introduced to haydée , and allowed the conversation to turn on the death of ali , and had not opposed haydée ’ s recital ( but having	72.89159393310547
, doubtless , warned the young girl , in the few romaic words he spoke to her , not to implicate morcerf ’ s father ) . he saw in fancy amid the sailors , seated on a rock , or undulating in the vessel , one of the shadows which had shared his dream with looks and kisses . raoul , “ courage ! ” pay them ? ” an occurrence as this ? —a false telegraphic <unk> is almost impossible for wrong signals to be made as they were in the last two telegrams . are grateful for the warning he has given . against the solid rock , and it would take ten experienced <unk> , duly furnished with the requisite tools , as many	150.89199829101562
years to perforate it . ” said milady . heavy , damp , and cold . the right to choose my opponent . in the <unk> of <unk> ; the other , following an opposite direction , was about to round the island of corsica . on his neck and embraced him tenderly . promptness , and the coadjutor spent with them a part of the night . , ” continued franz gravely . side , losing its footing , and fell , <unk> raoul ’ s leg under its body . devil who taught it you , was it not ? ” ? ” said d ’ artagnan , laughing in spite of himself . franz . place of rendezvous , ” continued athos , “ and	59.84545135498047
in a last interview arrange our mutual position and the conduct we are to maintain toward each other . ” , awaited the departure , regarding the butt of his musket with silent eloquence . me ? ” the almost imperceptible sound of his footsteps as he descended towards their dungeons , and happily , never failed of being prepared for his coming . you too far , monsieur de rochefort . ” you mean , monsieur porthos . that , take away my life also . ” on the alert , but it was too late ; our vessel was surrounded , and amongst the custom-house officers i observed several gendarmes , and , as terrified at the sight of their uniforms as i was brave at	112.08776092529297
the sight of any other , i sprang into the hold , opened a port , and dropped into the river , dived , and only rose at intervals to breathe , until i reached a ditch that had recently been made from the rhône to the canal that runs from beaucaire to aigues-mortes . ! ” replied mazarin . at least will make you my friend ; for you are the only young man to whom i have hitherto spoken as i have done to you . ” it is a strange thing and one which might astonish you , but i feel an indescribable horror at the sight of yonder man . then . ” how matters have progressed ? suspect he has warned the queen	91.02347564697266
against some fresh <unk> of the cardinal . ” flow of blood had ascended from the chest to the head . . was no longer an inert body , without feeling , that the villain had to deal with . replied d ’ artagnan . ” ” cried the king , astounded . did not follow him , ” said porthos . men , ” he said , looking at the count . steps , and advancing towards the spot designated beheld villefort , encircled by his servants , with a spade in his hand , and digging the earth with fury . offer myself , sir , ” said the priest ; “ it is our mission to <unk> our duties . ” contrary to most history	46.148651123046875
, it is true ; but what you tell me , madame , what you inquire of me , is not the result of a chance <unk> , for two years ago you asked me the same questions , and said then , that for a very long time this history of mithridates had occupied your mind . ” said athos . fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing project gutenberg™ electronic works provided that : and in bad humor . whether i ought to tell you what i suspect . ” she might not answer , clasped her beautiful hands till her sharp nails almost pierced them . the count , “ i am emboldened to speak openly to you . agitation louis xviii	87.04456329345703
. , ” he answered , trembling . crimes of this <unk> crimes , european crimes , if so we may <unk> the private and unknown crimes with which milady had charged him , felton found that the more culpable of the two men which formed the character of buckingham was the one of whom the public knew not the life . for some sacred object by which she could swear , and taking out of a cupboard hidden in the tapestry , a small coffer of rosewood set in silver , and laying it on the altar : ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i am precisely of the contrary opinion . ” ; i am sure of it . ” user to return or destroy	92.50090026855469
all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg™ works . screamed she , turning towards the wall , as if she would tear an opening with her hands . joy . his father ; it was the day after that upon which bertuccio had paid his second visit to benedetto , when the latter was to learn his father ’ s name . about that , and then we shall have the honor of presenting ourselves to the general and receiving his commands for his eminence . ” sword and three times the general drew back on finding himself too closely engaged , and then returned to the charge . ” of	79.0016098022461
yanina ; she snatched me from the cushions on which i was sleeping , and on opening my eyes i saw hers filled with tears . that i have you , ” said the old man . that it was agreed between us that he should wait upon us at that famous supper . ” said danglars , smiling . so ? ” ” said monte cristo , “ you appear to be in no way disappointed in the son whom your good fortune has restored to you . ” man stopped short , not in admiration of raphael ’ s picture , but as if fascinated at the sight of some terrible object . cold silence , during which everyone was affected according to his nature .	63.01408386230469
certainly be at home , perhaps all three . i ever possessed any ; but really we have talked long enough of money , count , we are like two stockbrokers ; have you heard how fate is persecuting the poor villeforts ? ” ” said felton , “ and row quickly . ” , madame ? ” said d ’ artagnan . himself the trouble to dissemble , and displayed it with affectation before the queen . sergeant . ” you , the knife would have been pointed and of steel . few words in private . ” ” as though the utterance of villefort ’ s wish had sufficed to effect its accomplishment , a servant entered the room , and whispered a few words in	78.69120788574219
his ear . de winter , my protector , my father , ” asked felton , “ possibly be mixed up with all this ? ” it ‘ devotion , ’ ” added aramis ; “ the vineyard of <unk> , to transmit to latest ages the recollection of your devotion to your master . ” that is to say , <unk> robbers . ” count . results of mazarin ’ s <unk> . afterward porthos appeared at the end of the rue férou on a very handsome _genet_ . esteems him very highly , and de tréville , as you know , is one of the queen ’ s greatest friends . a smile , and then the latter resumed her conversation with albert , while franz	64.7335433959961
returned to his previous survey of the house and company . ? ” his companion ’ s lips seemed fraught with the mysteries of science , as worthy of digging out as the gold and diamonds in the mines of guzerat and golconda , which he could just recollect having visited during a voyage made in his earliest youth . then , may i confide my sorrows and my hopes ? ” if i am , you must not laugh at me for being so . are , my good d ’ arminges ; i have given you a great fright , have i not ? ” quickly returned monte <unk> “ say not so , my friends ; angels never <unk> , celestial beings remain where they	151.54478454589844
wish to be . ” well accustomed to the domestic <unk> of this disturbed household , was alarmed . shook his head . as the rest ? ” himself . ? ” said monte cristo . , sir , it was a touching spectacle to see these young creatures , destined by their talents for higher stations , <unk> together , and through their <unk> to change any of the customs of their paternal house , taking six years to accomplish what less scrupulous people would have effected in two or three . ’ s eyes while he was speaking to us ? ” a small government pension for her . ’ business with the procureur . ” ; if i had any doubts as to my misfortune	96.0637435913086
, these doubts had vanished in an overwhelming reality . artagnan , of whom you spoke just now , monsieur d ’ herblay ; may i ask if you have any news of him ? ” and over the album was only a little <unk> adopted by way of precaution . to force that barrier and returned up the quay . ’ s wife of the rue des fossoyeurs ? have your charms left to seduce them with . my lord ; if there ’ s any fighting where i ’ m going , must i fight ? ” why ? ’ her lover would meet her a second night ; and poor kitty , pale and trembling , awaited d ’ artagnan ’ s reply . ,	91.56414794921875
moreover , made me his heir , bequeathing to me this <unk> breviary , he bequeathed to me all it contained ; no , no , make your mind satisfied on that point . , albert ? ” , ” said the count , “ no direct questions , my dear morcerf ; if you wish to know anything , tell me , and i will ask her . ” , ” interrupted athos ; “ well commenced ! deceived , supposing this man has not been unhappy enough to merit happiness . ” said d ’ artagnan , carefully avoiding to utter either the former name borne by porthos or his new one , “ then he has not forgotten me ? ” fellow , you know	61.29316329956055
, as well as i do , there are no men , but <unk> feelings , but interests ; in politics we do not kill a man , we only remove an obstacle , that is all . palais , ” replied the steward . yes , ” said the king , in a melancholy tone ; “ and it is very sad , believe me , to see thus two parties in france , two heads to royalty . it was necessary to prove to your majesty one thing of which you <unk> is , that we still possess amongst us some valor and are worthy of some consideration at your hands . ” through mere uneasiness of life , and in order to be sentenced to	77.72400665283203
death , commit acts of useless violence , and you might fall a victim . ” and excellent neighbor , ” replied the count , with a smile , “ you really exaggerate my trifling exertions . not send in his name . ” the trenches we go cheerfully to expose ourselves to worse than <unk> a bullet may break a leg , and i am convinced a surgeon would give us more pain in cutting off a thigh than an executioner in cutting off a head . the count ; “ i will give you three months ere i join you ; you see i make an ample allowance for all delays and difficulties . the prince at the head of the column . that they should	147.42140197753906
have made so deep an impression on you ? ’ — ‘ on them depended my father ’ s life , ’ replied she . ! ” shake of the hand with lord de winter , and then returned to milady . pale that d ’ artagnan could not help perceiving it , and asked him what was the matter . are , ’ said the jeweller , taking the diamond from his hand . two covers , bearing a supper ready prepared , stood , as if by magic , in the middle of the apartment . to change . ” same hour , the jailer came again . ” said mazarin , when he was alone . by a melancholy smile . , ” said planchet	43.06987762451172
, “ you shall see if confidence can be placed in me . ” ’ artagnan that this carriage contained the person who had appointed the rendezvous ; the young man was himself astonished to find his heart beat so violently . ” said porthos , with majestic common sense ; “ they were in the majority . ” aramis , taking the same graceful position in his easy chair that he would have assumed in bed , and complacently examining his hand , which was as white and plump as that of a woman , and which he held in the air to cause the blood to descend , “ now , as you have heard , d ’ artagnan , monsieur the principal is desirous that	67.0263442993164
my thesis should be dogmatic , while i , for my part , would rather it should be ideal . then ? lord de winter died , leaving me his sole heir . the clock , counting time now not by minutes , but by seconds . . ” with spain and england , with madame de chevreuse and the queen ? ” he demands ? ” said d ’ artagnan , fixing his eyes , in spite of himself , on the queen ’ s diamond , which mazarin wore on his finger . lord , i will tell all that i have seen . their turn , holding the horses of d ’ artagnan and porthos in their hands . he commenced the removal of his	49.861244201660156
riches , and ere nightfall the whole of his immense wealth was safely deposited in the compartments of the secret <unk> . out to the queen the two studs the cardinal had given him . aramis and athos , “ what ! is monsieur d ’ artagnan here ? ” maximilian . ” and beard had not been cut all the time he was at the château d ’ if . , offering her assistance . smiling , and proud even to insolence , could not entirely repress his brutal feelings , but they betrayed themselves only by an exclamation . lieutenant , ” replied the musketeer , who saw the business was a serious one . , perhaps , ” said morrel . unfortunate , but it	76.59387969970703
is not your fault , thank god ! reply ? ” have <unk> us in the day of battle . to the officer commanding the carbineers , who read and returned it to him . remained unmoved . opens , as you see . ” i shall be avenged . ” , now at malta ? ” to the oratory , where he sat down pensively . to forget or to remember , as it pleases you ; and i know not what you mean , ” said d ’ artagnan , bowing . , ” said vampa , as he left the cell . like john bull himself , are master <unk> <unk> , we , your three companions . . ” grimaud ; “ planchet ,	54.480873107910156
with a <unk> , indeed ! ” and the infant was given up to her . those apricots which madame de longueville sent to us yesterday from noisy and give half a dozen of them to your son , with a crust of new bread . ” he , as soon as they were by themselves , “ tell me what it is ? ” and as nature has endowed me with some faculties , at this day i can throw the lasso with any man in the world . embroidered on it in gold , and will give it to your company as a standard . ” all the guests simultaneously . fontaine . gone too far , and she was terrified at having communicated so much	82.96710205078125
. again to you , ” replied felton , in great emotion , “ no danger threatens you ; i will answer for lord de winter as for myself . ” milady ’ s packages pointed out to him , and ordered them to be placed in the boat . , my sweet renée , i promise to show all the <unk> in my power ; but if the charges brought against this bonapartist hero prove correct , why , then , you really must give me leave to order his head to be cut off . ” , who was asleep . athos , putting a finger on his lips , with the sad smile peculiar to him ; “ let us talk no more of <unk>	61.83625030517578
will bring bad <unk> ” and athos set forward toward charenton , followed closely by aramis . hedge he recognized the <unk> gascon ; and as he had already perceived that these men were musketeers , he did not doubt that the three others were those called the inseparables ; that is to say , athos , porthos , and aramis . saw god ’ s justice placed in the hands of benedetto , and should have thought it sacrilege to oppose the designs of providence . ” looked around for some corner to hide in , some way of escape . now standing on his brow , while the garments that hung about him were so ragged that one could only guess at the pattern upon which	106.90165710449219
they had originally been fashioned . the man of blood had ever wept . it is impossible to expect the son of a girondin to be free from a small <unk> of the old <unk> ” a deep crimson suffused the countenance of villefort . and announced monsieur le comte de la fere . retained his post a few minutes longer , he might have caught a dim outline of something approaching from the direction of bellegarde ; as the moving object drew nearer , he would easily have perceived that it consisted of a man and horse , between whom the kindest and most amiable understanding appeared to exist . older than any of us , ” added d ’ artagnan . ” the most beautiful ,	115.9424819946289
expressive and terrible <unk> that has ever emanated from the fruitful pen of <unk> . or four years with a russian princess for a bride , and no one will think more of what occurred yesterday than if it had happened sixteen years ago . ” . ” <unk> as i entered upon the history of the diamond , but , to my inexpressible astonishment , he confirmed it in every particular , and to my equal surprise , he seemed to place entire belief in all i said . . as it flew over the rough stones , and the slightest obstacle under the wheels would have caused <unk> ; but it kept on in the middle of the road , and those who saw it pass	117.3236083984375
uttered cries of terror . madame , if you have any affection for me . ” our <unk> , and then pay a last visit to st. peter ’ s ? ” who was so familiar with the interior of the palais royal , though he did not know the relations existing between the queen and the cardinal , pictured to himself , in his prison , all that dramatic excitement which would ensue when the rumor should run from the minister ’ s cabinet to the chamber of anne of austria : “ monsieur de beaufort has escaped ! ” whilst saying that to himself , monsieur de beaufort smiled pleasantly and imagined himself already outside , breathing the air of the plains and the forests ,	78.04045104980469
pressing a strong horse between his knees and crying out in a loud voice , “ i am free ! ” he muttered to himself , “ don ’ t let me betray my secrets to a man not inclined to entertain them . ” plainly enough we are going to the bastion . ” is a hundred times too kind to me ; and on the contrary , i think i have not proved myself worthy of your goodness . murmured d ’ artagnan . be in person at bethune . had passed since noirtier first fell into this sad state , valentine ’ s powers of invention had been too often put to the test not to render her expert in <unk> <unk> for gaining a	75.93569946289062
knowledge of his wishes , and the constant practice had so perfected her in the art that she guessed the old man ’ s meaning as quickly as if he himself had been able to seek for what he wanted . door , when mercédès called a confidential servant , and ordered him to follow albert wherever he should go that evening , and to come and tell her immediately what he observed . a hundred thousand francs for such a secret ! ” seeing a man guillotined ; but the <unk> still remains , which is a very curious punishment when seen for the first time , and even the second , while the other , as you must know , is very simple . murders _are_	78.06620788574219
committed here , ” said morrel , whose voice , though lower in tone , lost none of its terrible distinctness : “ i tell you that this is the fourth victim within the last four months . , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ that you will wait until i have proved myself worthy of it . smiled kindly on the prisoner , for he was an excellent man and had taken a great liking for the captive prince . paris was rejoicing in the expected return of the king , appointed for the next day , gondy alone , in the midst of the general happiness , was dissatisfied ; he sent for the two men whom he was wont to summon when in especially	77.68025207519531
bad humor . to me , for i wish to announce to monsieur le comte that my master , one of his friends , is here , and wishes to greet him . ” , then. ” and monte cristo took the letter , which he opened and read . but fernand ; you knew very well that i threw the paper into a corner of the <unk> , i fancied i had destroyed it . ” villefort , after the first salutations were over , “ you were sent for by m. noirtier , whom you see here . want me to do ? ’ asked the magistrate . , ” said m. de blacas , “ will go and find my messenger . ” of comte	43.468467712402344
de wardes . couldn ’ t understand what it meant , for he had spent that night with a dying person and marie michon had left his house before his return . ” ” artagnan found kitty waiting for him . already guessed that i was preparing a surprise for you ? ” my youth were botany and <unk> , and subsequently , when i learned that the use of <unk> frequently explained the whole history of a people , and the entire life of individuals in the east , as flowers betoken and <unk> a love affair , i have regretted that i was not a man , that i might have been a <unk> , a <unk> , or a cabanis . ” false report ,	70.42800903320312
or you have gone mad . ” the necessary maneuvers , and toward seven o ’ clock in the morning the little vessel cast anchor in the bay that had been named . to do so . ” , after having swallowed the contents of his bottle , to pass the time as well as to evade suspicion , to fall into the easiest position in his corner and to sleep , whether well or ill. d ’ artagnan , be it remembered , was only twenty years old , and at that age sleep has its <unk> rights which it <unk> insists upon , even with the <unk> hearts . the alarm , and in an instant all were on the alert . then ? ” said	83.53269958496094
the voice . to the heart . ” cried the affrighted mme . a man start from the shadow when he was halfway <unk> vain did he see an arm raised as he touched the ground . avrigny met the cousin whom villefort had mentioned , a personage as insignificant in our story as in the world he <unk> of those beings designed from their birth to make themselves useful to others . betrothal feast ? ” me ? ” . six years only . ” it has appeared as if madame de villefort secretly <unk> to the marriage , although she did not choose openly to oppose it . ” a reasonable being , lucien , and who knows how little <unk> is to be placed on	111.40794372558594
the news , since you are at the <unk> , surely you ought to prevent it , ” said morcerf , with a smile . . ” were heard in an <unk> hard by , and the branches of <unk> and rose <unk> formed an exquisite framework to the blue velvet curtains . had a hat , ” said d ’ artagnan . —you may entirely confide in the brave lad who will give you this note ; he has consented to enter the service of your keeper and to shut himself up at vincennes with you , in order to prepare and assist your escape , which we are contriving . notary to be sent for then ? ” said valentine . cause of the pretty rooms	74.92916107177734
looking out upon the court of the bell hotel , which with its triple <unk> like those of a theatre , with the jessamine and clematis <unk> round the light columns , forms one of the prettiest <unk> to an inn that you can imagine . at a single draught , and then turned on her pillow , repeating , the count , who was by this time perfectly master of himself again . been at the height of his wishes if he had not constantly seen milady like a dark cloud hovering in the horizon . cristo . ” artagnan blushed ; in the antechamber he trembled . to grimaud , athos signified to raoul that he could set out , and ended by reflecting that it	109.5455093383789
was perhaps better that raoul should be away from paris at that moment . books and pencils . repeated anne ; “ i thought , sir , that it was kings alone who abdicated ! ” you are the bearer of a letter from the island of elba , and addressed to m. noirtier ? ” and taking from it the very bag which a half hour before her husband had caressed so affectionately , “ take this bag . ” , edmond , and let us part . ” one who will relieve me of my horse ? ” d ’ artagnan . and more astonished . recommends m. de villefort , and begs me to present him to your majesty . ” the false <unk> is	58.31892013549805
it not ? ” inquired madame de villefort . inclosure of the window , watched this scene with a smile of disdain on his lips . the giant was replaced by another bandit . duke of buckingham to be stabbed by a man who was , ere that , honest , good and pure . villefort , with a startling accent ; “ does she wish that ? ” with a sigh , and went to his own apartments . in a loud voice , before every one , of their previous interview . beauchamp . my poniard . ” to hear what they said ; but , without doubt , nothing hostile passed , for he saw albert disappear <unk> with the peasant girl . himself that	63.210205078125
this beloved relative might be killed in the field . ? ” marry mademoiselle danglars , you would accuse me of intrigue , and would be challenging me , <unk> , i may not be there myself . ” not change his nature , ” he said . apparition , “ every gentleman seems to have the same fancy , for not a quarter of an hour ago a young lad , well mounted like you , as tall as you and of about your age , halted before this clump of trees and had this table and this chair brought here , and dined here , with an old gentleman who seemed to be his tutor , upon a pie , of which they haven ’ t	103.1090316772461
left a mouthful , and two bottles of macon wine , of which they haven ’ t left a drop , but fortunately we have still some of the same wine and some of the same pies left , and if your worship will but give your <unk> ” aramis , taking a purse which bazin presented to him . honor ? _ ” continued he , “ if it were as easy for me to get rid of my enemy as it is easy to get rid of yours , and if it were against such people you require <unk> ” and shaped it out as neatly as possible . hand upon his brow , which , at first pale , had become red and burning ;	92.61136627197266
then he suddenly arose and looked around as though he had lost his <unk> wanted air . and being sent to spain to ascertain the feeling of his <unk> , found danglars there , got on very intimate terms with him , won over the support of the royalists at the capital and in the provinces , received promises and made pledges on his own part , guided his regiment by paths known to himself alone through the mountain <unk> which were held by the royalists , and , in fact , rendered such services in this brief campaign that , after the taking of <unk> , he was made colonel , and received the title of count and the cross of an officer of the legion of	134.18685913085938
honor . ” stayed there in his <unk> about paris , recollected the bell and bottle inn ; he turned around , saw the sign by the light of a reflected lamp , and having dismissed the child , giving him all the small coin he had about him , he began knocking at the door , very reasonably <unk> that having now three or four hours before him he had best fortify himself against the fatigues of the morrow by a sound sleep and a good supper . century chapter xi . sir , these gentlemen are each of them worth fifteen hundred pounds ? ” he should henceforth recruit his musketeers from among the guards of monsieur the cardinal . ” , ” said d ’	122.20836639404297
artagnan , “ to treat the guests god sends you in a more courteous fashion . ” drove , disguised as the coachman , ” replied peppino . some pride , <unk> needed me , and i lived . save the state , ” said bonacieux , <unk> . blessing ? ” he said . on departure , athos ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . back in the coach . the village and ride after us on the northern road , and when they have passed we will take the opposite direction . ” villefort , approaching his future mother-in-law , “ i request your pardon for thus leaving you . with fright that stupid countenance , impressed with the invincible resolution of a fool that is	95.65127563476562
overcome by fear . the glass , as we have said , restored the undulations to his beautiful hair , which the weight of his hat had disordered , twisted his mustache , and , his heart swelling with joy , happy and proud at being near the moment he had so long sighed for , he smiled upon himself with pride and hope . service , except only for my orders . ” most was that the cardinal , so deeply interested in preventing this young man from setting his foot in england , had not succeeded in arresting him on the road . is very generous , my dear aramis , that ’ s all i can say . ” first note to be inserted in	86.77104949951172
your journal ? for her , ” said athos . he would listen . strength will be utterly exhausted ; besides , perhaps i have not been missed at the fortress . not have stopped our fiery young man if the host had not reflected that the reclamation which his guest made was perfectly just . milady , “ what can those who sleep wish <unk> happy awakening ? paris without its being known in the camp ? why , without real necessity , i should <unk> my life with a perpetual companion . a man of middle height , of a haughty , proud <unk> ; with piercing eyes , a large brow , and a thin face , which was made still longer by a <unk>	102.8432388305664
( or <unk> , as it is now called ) , surmounted by a pair of mustaches . ? my lord ’ s comb ? ” asked la ramee . her stepmother threatening her , then morrel stretched his arms towards her ; sometimes mere strangers , like the count of monte cristo came to visit her ; even the very furniture , in these moments of delirium , seemed to move , and this state lasted till about three o ’ clock in the morning , when a deep , heavy slumber overcame the young girl , from which she did not awake till daylight . poor , are they not ? ” morcerf , laughing , “ beauchamp , beauchamp , keep that for the <unk>	72.21221160888672
or the <unk> , but spare my future father-in-law before me. ” then , turning to monte cristo , “ you just now spoke his name as if you knew the baron ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , drawing his pistols from his belt , “ you will kill nobody , if you please ! ” , come along ! ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ now we have found everything except money , it would be stupid to be killed . ” d ’ artagnan , who , irritated that instead of listening to him athos seemed to be attending to his own thoughts , “ you have never found yourself the worse for my advice . time you tasted oysters , tea ,	52.56344223022461
porter , <unk> , and sundry other dainties which you now adore , did you like them ? ” expected . five days for the transmission of the money , four or five days for her to return ; that makes ten days . my lord ? bed , but that is not my fault , and it is you who have chosen it. ” with these words he drew in his turn and crossed swords with his adversary . see either of them ? ” i can assist you in discovering , besides the villany of your friends ? ” inquired the abbé with a laugh . carriage without seeming to recognize the musketeer . years ago ; but now to die would be , indeed ,	70.92096710205078
to give way to the sarcasm of destiny . . ” and penetrating odor . ridiculous partiality for my head , it seems to suit my shoulders so correctly . monsieur . ” cast a rapid glance around him in order to be sure that nobody could either see or hear him , and opening his ragged vest , badly held together by a leather strap , he began to rip the upper part of his doublet , from which he drew a letter . maximilian ; “ particularly as i have business in that quarter . ” there for your outfit , i think you said . ” least , return ? ” asked morrel . , ” said d ’ artagnan . ” baroness , who	68.90908813476562
was chatting with madame de villefort , who had come alone , valentine being still an invalid ; and without turning aside , so clear was the road left for him , he passed from the baroness to eugénie , whom he complimented in such rapid and measured terms , that the proud artist was quite struck . fact , heard a great noise on the side next the cellar . , colonel ? ” morcerf , “ this is the second time you have refused to dine with my mother ; it is evident that you wish to avoid her . ” a hundred <unk> , yes , die ! ” franz , whose hair stood on end ; “ you , m. <unk> killed my father	78.17971801757812
? ” ; i no longer understand anything . an hour , ” said d ’ artagnan , motioning to porthos not to contradict him . ’ s horse and winter on that of the king ; then winter took his place at the head of the first squadron , and the king , with athos on his right and aramis on his left , at the head of the second . been seen all four conferring together , so that at the end of a quarter of an hour the cardinal would have been informed by his spies that we were holding a council . ” ” his majesty did not quit the pont-neuf . ’ ” ” asked he . i presume that every town in	36.71065902709961
france is indifferent to you ; if you prefer another , name it ; but you can easily conceive that , surrounded as i am by influences i can only muzzle by discretion , i desire your presence in paris to be unknown . ” , of a strange brilliancy , with black eyelids and eyebrows ? ” of loyal excuses , to make a friend of athos , whose lordly air and austere bearing pleased him much . wall , but he could not render himself invisible ; and the man in the cloak said to him , giving him his lantern : persons who will go and <unk> thrust a knife in the heart of a <unk> , or will administer to him , in order	117.76931762695312
to remove him from the surface of the globe on which we move with life and animation , that quantity of arsenic of which we just now talked . door , lying dressed upon his bed , at the head of which parry was seated , reading in a low voice a chapter from the bible . i say to you , felton ? ” continued milady , in the tone of a woman accusing herself of a crime . the queen as a young man who bends before a woman ; but now it was a different thing ; he answered her summons as an humble soldier <unk> an illustrious general . is quite clear and your majesty can continue your road . ” to be told	82.04106140136719
twice ; he knew that with superiors , especially when those superiors are princes , the highest politeness is to obey without delay or argument ; he went down to the stables , picked out a <unk> andalusian horse , saddled and bridled it himself , for athos had advised him to trust no one with those important offices at a time of danger , and went to rejoin the prince , who at that moment mounted his horse . son would be very <unk> situated . ” <unk> from his brow , and slowly entered the arbor , whose shade seemed to restore somewhat of calmness to his senses , and whose coolness somewhat of refreshment to his exhausted body . , accidentally or purposely , albert	154.19529724121094
’ s mask fell off . , of turbulent character , and whom i suspected of <unk> , has been secretly to the island of elba . , and in three days he had succeeded , with the utmost precaution , in removing the cement , and exposing the <unk> . replied the latter , gravely . de morcerf as the officer , fernand mondego ? ’ — ‘ indeed i do ! ’ cried haydée . the tumult became greater . that he was near a stream ; he was thirsty , and dragged himself towards it . count could mistake his expression when , on entering , he said : how dearly have i paid for that fault , unhappy wretch as i am ! ”	93.89424133300781
to go ? ” a remedy for all afflictions . morrel . , are all that i shall need for my escort . ” of me . the drama has gone through all the <unk> i named ; but be easy , no blood will flow . ” as hazardous as uncertain , and convinces me that my scheme is far better than yours . ” ; take back those horrible vegetables , and that poor <unk> ! , so necessary ? ” what has your eminence done with him ? ” can ring . ” glance appeared to villefort like a frightful apparition . drops on mazarin ’ s brow . dice where they fell , threw the purse to the wounded man , and eagerly opened	102.80259704589844
the pocketbook . ” said porthos . never been willing to partake of food under the roof of m. de morcerf . ” ” replied the count , “ did you not hear her declare that we were friends ? ” which more resembled a dusty lake than solid ground , were scattered a few miserable <unk> of wheat , the effect , no doubt , of a curious desire on the part of the <unk> of the country to see whether such a thing as the raising of grain in those parched regions was practicable . fool for having said anything about it , ” said a voice from the top of the stairs . , i demand it , ” said aramis . ” dantès rose	73.50190734863281
and looked forward , when he saw rise within a hundred yards of him the black and frowning rock on which stands the château d ’ if . an <unk> lightness , his perception brightened in a remarkable manner , his senses seemed to <unk> their power , the horizon continued to expand ; but it was not the gloomy horizon of vague alarms , and which he had seen before he slept , but a blue , transparent , unbounded horizon , with all the blue of the ocean , all the <unk> of the sun , all the perfumes of the summer breeze ; then , in the midst of the songs of his sailors , <unk> so clear and sonorous , that they would have	100.92416381835938
made a divine harmony had their notes been taken down , —he saw the island of monte cristo , no longer as a threatening rock in the midst of the waves , but as an <unk> in the desert ; then , as his boat drew nearer , the songs became louder , for an <unk> and mysterious harmony rose to heaven , as if some <unk> had decreed to attract a soul thither , or <unk> , the enchanter , intended there to build a city . yet ready to receive it . ” said la carconte , after a moment ’ s pause , ‘ you are not a man . ’ proof ? ” monte cristo , “ that you have fortified yourself against all	78.3555679321289
painful excitement , prepare yourself , my dear m. cavalcanti , to meet your lost andrea . ” noble family of <unk> , count . ” , a moment ; give grimaud time to clear away the breakfast . ” , madame . kings of the press , and therefore claiming the right of a throne everywhere , was <unk> everybody through his <unk> . seized upon all those follies in which i took no part , as you well know , my lord . the gladiator said to the emperor , when he entered the <unk> , ‘ he who is about to die <unk> you . ’ ” brought this rabble to reason . ” in that room ; when the wind shook all the doors	94.75402069091797
, behind which i continually expected to see some spy concealed , i trembled . proceeded was opposite the opening by which the count could see into the dressing-room . ? ” said milady , who had already overcome her agitation and recovered all her presence of mind . servant of a musketeer , when once the blood mounted to his fat cheeks , seized a <unk> and began <unk> blaisois , saying : least three men who will not betray you . , ” said planchet , who had not heard what they were saying , “ what do you intend to do ? ” ? ” asked morrel . i know nothing ; i have no part to play . about to go out , lord	53.8712043762207
de winter appeared in the corridor , followed by the soldier who had been sent to inform him of the swoon of milady . france , my lord ; i said the cardinal , and the cardinal is not even a frenchman . ” the march was resumed in the same order as the night before , except that d ’ artagnan left his friends and began to renew the acquaintance which he had already struck up with monsieur groslow . you never repeated to the count all the foolish remarks we used to make about him ? ” the article relating to general fernand , an article with which , i assure you on my word of honor , i had nothing whatever to do ? ”	57.7281608581543
albert , “ allow me to present to you m. maximilian morrel , captain of spahis , one of our best , and , above all , of our bravest officers . ” , ” replied villefort with hesitation , “ that human nature being weak , every man , according to your creed , has committed faults . ” in my power to carry out your wishes , your excellency . said the procurator ’ s wife . asked athos . , ” said athos , shrugging his shoulders . alone ? ” me sadder than before , if it be possible . eaten than he felt thirsty ; he had forgotten that . he has had to prepare lint of him . ” ” asked the	49.22385025024414
president . is in the hands of justice ; and , ” added he with a smile , “ she will take her own. ” so saying , he leaped into a boat , desiring to be rowed on board the _pharaon_ , where m. morrel had agreed to meet him . happy ? ” open before reaching the inclosure , each by a different key . the assistance of the english fleet and of the diversion promised by buckingham , surrendered after a siege of a year . or notes ? ” exclaimed , “ how can i restore the happiness i have taken away from these poor innocent creatures ? room . by mazarin , who paid them numerous compliments , and announced that they were	83.97347259521484
more than half on their way to obtain what they desired , namely , d ’ artagnan his captaincy , porthos his barony . ” exclaimed gondy , “ you speak with a certainty that gives me pleasure ; and since monsieur le curé can answer for you—— ” man who is following us ? ” and albert among the rest . what have you lived on ? ” these four or five years and i don ’ t know where he is . ” of sword thrusts which <unk> , and painful exercises which fatigue , he had become one of the most gallant <unk> of revels , one of the most insinuating lady ’ s men , one of the softest <unk> of interesting <unk> of	92.49481201171875
his day ; the <unk> <unk> of de tréville were talked of as those of m. de bassompierre had been talked of twenty years before , and that was not saying a little . serve him ; which d ’ artagnan perceiving , ordered two glasses to be brought , and commenced the following conversation . , with long curls falling in profusion over her shoulders , had large , blue , languishing eyes , rosy lips , and hands of <unk> . without a <unk> with his arm in a <unk> <unk> bleeding ; eh , then , what are the sentinels about ? , ” replied d ’ artagnan , pointing to the purse which mazarin still held , “ if you love and esteem him	96.15998840332031
so much , <unk> me ? ” and proceed to the rue tiquetonne , hotel de la chevrette , whence you will take my horse and that of monsieur du vallon , which you must saddle and equip as if for war , and then you will leave paris , bringing them with you to cours la reine . chair , passed his hand over his brow , moist with perspiration , and , for the third time , read the letter . thank you ! ” i risk nothing but being taken back again to prison . , and found—— ” often depends on the prompt obedience of his horse . your invitations ? ” a terrible murmur was wafted to them by the night breeze ;	79.1070785522461
then all at once it ceased . i had the idea that you could introduce me into some of the paris salons when i came to france . with money ; but it cost me dear . ” a lieutenant in the guards , named comminges , made his appearance , with his clothes all torn , his face streaming with blood . not at all know the queen , he soon distinguished her voice from the others , at first by a slightly foreign accent , and next by that tone of <unk> naturally impressed upon all royal words . to say so , ” answered dantès , smiling . madame , that could not be . departure from the forest of frosinone he had followed carlini	121.21715545654297
in the darkness , and heard this oath of vengeance , and , like a wise man , anticipated it . , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ instead of making compliments to each other , let us explain our conduct to each other , like men of right and honest hearts . ” the demands of the rebels and to the tone in which they stated them ? , betrayed , and <unk> lover . which were similar to those which had been addressed to the abbé busoni . out of the window and whistled , and the horses appeared to fly . , ” said athos , “ i perceive you know me . ” few steps farther . ” more <unk> to me than	49.47261047363281
others were yesterday ? ” replied dantès , who made no hesitation in answering . god is god , and the world is the devil . is considered , you are right . ! eminence d ’ artagnan perceived a group of people collected on the other side of the moat , in front of that part of the donjon which looks toward saint maur . second day m. de villefort received the following note : said caderousse . , ” said morrel , “ but i do not see m. de morcerf . ” usury , banker , that i do not understand . ” playing , then ? ” just as i jumped the deck burst with a noise like the <unk> of a <unk> .	52.17787170410156
the first glance of his eye , that his billet had been delivered , and that this billet had had its effect . is the good monsieur de wardes ? and sighed . another thing . ” sir , ” said madame de villefort , “ that your intentions accord with my request ? ” s true ; but alone as you are , you have done much already , and will do still more , i don ’ t doubt . in any case , and is still less so on the part of those who came to bring the queen the message of a liar . ” château came to me yesterday to beg for leave of absence , in order to take a trip to	48.34029006958008
<unk> for a week . relate all this aloud , you would have the greatest success . ” the count of monte cristo , hearing of the dilemma in which you are placed , has sent to offer you seats in his carriage and two places at his windows in the palazzo <unk> ” the friends looked at each other with unutterable surprise . ! ” said the young man , who in spite of his self-command felt his knees tremble and the sweat start from his brow . very active in the affair , and the prefect of police very much interested ; and , thanks to that interest , for which i am very grateful , they send me all the robbers of paris and the	64.08452606201172
neighborhood , under pretence of their being caderousse ’ s murderers , so that in three months , if this continues , every robber and assassin in france will have the plan of my house at his fingers ’ ends . project . income is 500,000 francs . ” ” said the old man . ” only out of curiosity . ” ? ” said the gascon , proud to display so rich a gift in the eyes of his friends . paper , and write what i dictate . ” want this time ? ” demanded the king . hour , with a proud look and insolent demeanor ; he alighted , passed through the corridors , and entered the house without observing the hesitation of the	79.86210632324219
door-keepers or the coolness of his colleagues . then his lordship began to fear aramis was not coming to join them . . ” i have seen mercédès come into the city she has been accompanied by a tall , strapping , <unk> catalan , with a red complexion , brown skin , and fierce air , whom she calls cousin . ” me— ” said d ’ artagnan , with timidity . said grimaud ; “ they are gone to find assistance . ” ’ s idea ! ” said aramis . the door of the study he heard the bedroom door open , turned , and saw his father . s nothing bad in that , it seems to me , ” said porthos . ,	57.42845916748047
peppino raised his torch to the face of danglars , who hastily withdrew that he might not have his eyelashes burnt . already told her son that he ought to go to bed , and several times louis had <unk> insisted on staying where he was ; but now he made no reply , but turned pale and bit his lips with anger . the introduction , in which the speaker announced that his communication would be of that vital importance that it demanded the <unk> attention of the house ; but at the mention of yanina and colonel fernand , he turned so frightfully pale that every member shuddered and fixed his eyes upon him . said , edmond was only wounded , and with certain herbs	126.6531982421875
gathered at certain <unk> , and sold to the smugglers by the old sardinian women , the wound soon closed . stupor creeping over him which brought with it a feeling almost of content ; the gnawing pain at his stomach had ceased ; his thirst had abated ; when he closed his eyes he saw myriads of lights dancing before them like the <unk> ’ <unk> that play about the marshes . in , ” said mazarin , arranging his <unk> , so that he might receive the visitor sitting up in bed . replied danglars , “ i merely said you seemed in a hurry , and we have lots of time ; the _pharaon_ can not be under weigh again in less than three months	167.8080596923828
. ” me , and i , fool as i was , instead of keeping the ring as a holy relic , gave it to this wretch . ” join the princes ! ” yourself , ” said he to franz , “ with the employment of time and the means of simplifying the summoning your servants ? francs ; but he rid himself of all his spanish shares . , he says sinbad the sailor ; but i doubt if it be his real name . ” then ? , that i have often told you of the deep interest my mother takes in you . ” i think , be on her way to <unk> , must she not ? ” the tennis balls began ,	64.2680435180664
according to grimaud ’ s directions , to take the direction of the moat , much to the joy of la ramee , who marked fifteen whenever the duke sent a ball into the moat ; and very soon balls were wanting , so many had gone over . <unk> to sleep , but to think over all he had heard that evening . s no fear in the daytime ; but at night ? ” on us at table . ” aside from buckingham , whom she hates as she hates everyone she has loved , the tempest with which richelieu threatened him in the person of the queen . , ” he exclaimed in a low voice , “ i unite with m. morrel in demanding	84.7974624633789
justice for crime ; my blood <unk> at the idea of having <unk> a murderer by my cowardly concession . ” , i will blow out your brains . pressure of the arm of the procurator ’ s wife , as a bark yields to the rudder , arrived at the cloister st. <unk> <unk> passage , enclosed with a <unk> at each end . ” replied aramis . at rome ? ” ? ” , and bore no evidence of having been visited since he went away ; his treasure was just as he had left it . only been introduced to madame de villefort . ” then , to interrogate grimaud . ” that will lead you , if i mistake not , to the place	65.1125259399414
de <unk> . nocturnal ride , during the whole time that he was endeavoring to understand the various characters of comminges , guitant and villequier , mazarin was , in truth , studying more especially one man . . ” to his full height . ” said the count , “ are you ill , or is it the heat of the room that affects you ? ” you like ; it is the nearest frontier . from being , or rather having been , so guilty toward you as he appears . ” you , ” cried danglars , “ that with these three <unk> ” before it , resembling in its effect the wind passing over a field of wheat , by its superior strength forcing	81.67060852050781
every ear to yield <unk> . ” said the banker , stopping the young man ; “ do you hear that delightful <unk> ? to his usual custom , until <unk> had sung his famous “ <unk> ! _ ” then he rose and went out . through the heads of rabbits , he makes fowls eat <unk> , and <unk> the spinal marrow out of dogs with <unk> . ” my friend ! ” ; i congratulate him upon it . ” count . gondy , astonished at not having further advanced ; “ i fear that when the torrent has broken its embankment it will cause fearful destruction . ” , ” he said ; “ i am ready to obey your eminence . ” you	79.38674926757812
know , my dear captain , a judge must hear both sides . ” in my affairs , i think it is now my turn to ask you some questions . ” a house to themselves . i swear to you that you are as safe here as you were twenty years , <unk> , athos , in the rue <unk> , and you , aramis , in the rue de vaugirard . ” of war ; and as bands of spaniards sometimes took advantage of the night to make expeditions even as far as the neighborhood of arras , they determined to remain in the town until the morrow . window in front of the carriage . him , for it will be necessary he should know	53.75336456298828
you , as he is to pay your money . ” . effect produced on his betrothed , and a smile of pride passed over his lips . presentiments if our <unk> did not touch at the heart ? one way <unk> knowledge of parisian habits , of the means of rendering yourself comfortable , or of the <unk> , can assist , you may depend upon me to find you a fitting dwelling here . the epistle , and to disperse all the suspicions that might have been created , read aloud : sir , ” said the queen , “ to the point , and answer me , yes or no ; if the king persists in remaining in england will you send him succor ?	102.78955841064453
answered the duke , “ if i comprehend you aright , la ramee , i am ungrateful for having ever thought of leaving this place ? ” me , and try to recall every circumstance attending your arrest . as possible near me , to hear your eloquent speech , —which <unk> my mind , strengthens my soul , and makes my whole frame capable of great and terrible things , if i should ever be free , <unk> fills my whole existence , that the despair to which i was just on the point of yielding when i knew you , has no longer any hold over me ; and <unk> is my <unk> chimerical , but actual . because you will leave me at the door	103.04386138916016
. ” secret ! athos ; “ but at all events listen well to this . uttered a falsehood and am never deceived . i am at your service . ” the window , and pretended not to hear the door as it opened . looking every now and then at the count to see if the moment of farewell was at hand , but athos was silent . <unk> , and her first husband was colonel the marquis of nargonne . ” doesn ’ t he attend to it himself , as at chantilly ? ” as usual . , ” said tréville . comte de la fere , you understand , chevalier d ’ herblay , that i am altogether and always at your service .	61.7518310546875
” , i am very miserable , and if you love me it must be out of pity . ” thousand francs , ’ inquired caderousse in a hoarse voice , ‘ where are they ? saw a door with an iron wicket . annum would make four millions of capital . ” not here . ? ’ asked his wife , pale as death . means displeased you ? my good woman , make yourself perfectly easy , i beg of you . to the project gutenberg™ license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work . ’ s friend , ” said aramis ; “ the king ’ s friend , you understand . and sharp	47.97843551635742
night air , and dantès knew that the mistral was blowing . the ministers and he came before them pale and trembling , declaring that his son had very nearly been assassinated the day before , near the palace . and then descended the stairs . athos , “ you went to breakfast the day before yesterday at the inn of the parpaillot , i believe ? ” the waves like a <unk> . <unk> , must have been where the infant ’ s grave was dug . . ” cried valentine , calling her step-mother , and running upstairs to meet her ; “ come quick , quick ! —and bring your bottle of smelling-salts with you . ” he , “ i made a vow ,	82.79676818847656
to our lady of the grotto not to cut my hair or beard for ten years if i were saved in a moment of danger ; but today the vow <unk> . ” generalissimo . , my dear sir , ’ said the jeweller ; ‘ i had , however , as you see , brought you the money in bright <unk> ’ and he drew from his pocket a handful of gold , and held it sparkling before the dazzled eyes of the innkeeper , and in the other hand he held a packet of bank-notes . my musketeers they changed their minds , and forgot their private hatred for partisan hatred ; for your majesty can not be ignorant that the musketeers , who belong to	92.35470581054688
the king and nobody but the king , are the natural enemies of the guardsmen , who belong to the cardinal . ” great noise beneath his window . watch and play a close game ; for , ” he added with a sigh , “ we two are equal , perhaps , to eight others ; but we are not equal to the four that you know of . ” for him , ” replied villefort , wringing his hands ; “ how i have called him in my long sleepless nights ; how i have longed for royal wealth to purchase a million of secrets from a million of men , and to find mine among them ! ” chair , girded on his sword ,	80.76863098144531
enveloped himself in his cloak , and left the hôtel . livery ; my livery will be known , ” replied porthos . du vallon , shares my gratitude , for he was particularly hungry . ” manage to keep out of difficulties . is about to pay for her king ’ s refusal with a war . <unk> us who do not command to-morrow ’ s expedition . ” at martigues . ” by using up two or three horses ( that ’ s nothing ; i have plenty of money ) , i am at béthune . ’ s opinion , my lord . ” to drive a level as they do in mines ; this level would bring the two prisoners immediately beneath the gallery	74.6972427368164
where the sentry kept watch ; once there , a large excavation would be made , and one of the <unk> with which the gallery was paved be so completely loosened that at the desired moment it would give way beneath the feet of the soldier , who , stunned by his fall , would be immediately bound and gagged by dantès before he had power to offer any resistance . ” said château-renaud , “ the count is your friend and you treat him accordingly . generous , am i not , mother ? ” , ” replied porthos ; “ he will never leave me . ” said the gendarme , “ a governor , a garrison , turnkeys , and good thick walls . .	83.69572448730469
s desk , tore off three bits of paper of equal size , wrote on the first his own name and on the others those of his two companions , and presented them open to mordaunt , who by a movement of his head indicated that he left the matter entirely to aramis . of your looks . ” sweet dream <unk> by the possession of two hundred and nineteen louis , made in a quarter of an hour , when a voice was heard at the door of the hall , which made him stir . paid him the price of his devotedness ; but let us hasten to say that this sadness possessed the young man less from the regret of the happiness he had missed	76.39778900146484
, than from the fear he entertained that some serious misfortune had befallen the poor woman . say so ! ” ” go with me , ” added d ’ artagnan , “ and i will see that you are made a duke ! ” milady commenced her journey . ? too . ” mademoiselle , ” said barrois , “ i am dying with thirst , and since you are so kind as to offer it me , i can not say i should at all object to drinking your health in a glass of it . ” you several sums which will increase by <unk> ; you will stop me when i reach the one representing the amount of your own possessions ? ” old ,	58.656124114990234
or rather i shall be in a few days , as i was born the night of the 27th of september , 1817 . ” distracted me ; i shall be fined . ” great a friend of <unk> as i am of d ’ artagnan i should have followed him even into the inside of the whale itself ; and you would have done the same , aramis . ” are going all right . ” friend , you are not yet registered number one on board the good ship _pharaon_ ; ” then turning towards edmond , who was walking away , “ a pleasant journey , ” he cried . said the prince ; “ give it to me later . , 1815 , at	62.48570251464844
half-past two in the afternoon . ” ’ t mount ? ” porthos ; this time you have an idea . ” s last night . he reigned over a rich valley which was overhung by the mountain whence he derived his picturesque name . this evening ? as good condition as i am , and as , i hope you are , m. morrel , and this day and a half was lost from pure whim , for the pleasure of going ashore , and nothing else . ” . you . ” effect . could not help exchanging not only a look but a smile ; and had they not known it for a fact , this would have told them that de chatillon and de	87.2188949584961
flamarens had been there . pleasure , and bowed a sign of assent . tell me without questioning its meaning ; for instance , you told me to live , and i did live ; you told me to hope , and i almost did so . monsieur de coligny in the place royale and nothing was said of it . ” rejoined mazarin , impatiently , “ it ’ s about an hour since i asked you for that very thing , <unk> that you are . ” . bone in your body ! ” cried the duke . revenge would you take ? ” others ? ” selim . , ” said debray ; “ besides , he could not well appear in public , since	57.779659271240234
he has been the dupe of the cavalcanti , who , it appears , presented themselves to him with false letters of credit , and <unk> him out of 100,000 francs upon the <unk> of this principality . ” our child ! and my ideas , ‘ why , ’ said i , ‘ should that man have carried away the corpse ? ’ ” madame , ” said felton , “ only do not sing so loud , particularly at night . ” , albert ? ” resumed aramis , “ listen to me . twenty-five or twenty-six years of age , of <unk> countenance , <unk> to his superiors , insolent to his subordinates ; and this , in addition to his position as responsible agent	78.66475677490234
on board , which is always <unk> to the sailors , made him as much disliked by the crew as edmond dantès was beloved by them . plainly one thing , sir ? to athos , who was awaiting with apparent calmness , but with real anxiety , the result of the interview . but showed the paper to dantès . , smiling , “ i do not mean to deny that both these men were revolutionary scoundrels , and that the <unk> <unk> and the 4th of april , in the year 1814 , were lucky days for france , worthy of being gratefully remembered by every friend to monarchy and civil order ; and that explains how it comes to pass that , fallen , as	117.16449737548828
i trust he is forever , napoleon has still retained a train of parasitical satellites . <unk> stole one , i had one <unk> , only <unk> , sir , they ate half of it on the wall ; a splendid <unk> never ate a better . ” he said to him , “ you saw a great number of people in the streets as you came here . cried d ’ artagnan , “ which well becomes good citizens like us . of two favorite <unk> “ chien de <unk> ” and “ chien d ’ <unk> ” —and the name is applied to bold criminals as a term of <unk> . you are in paris ? ” him and looked over his shoulder to see what	118.32234954833984
sort of a book it was that had so singular an influence over the prisoner as to make him put off taking his dinner . ” said mazarin , venturing his head out of one of the windows ; “ and now do as much for the queen . ” yes , ” said noirtier , delighted to be understood . man overflowed with joy . to remain with him ? ” send into our court , which monsieur de mazarin crosses on his way to the orangery , the two guards who attend him . ” business is concluded , i will have a pair of my own horses harnessed to convey it direct to madame danglars . ” ” exclaimed the baroness , “ you are	55.018653869628906
without pity for others , well , then , i tell you they will have no mercy on you ! ” ” alone was deprived of his office , being suspected of royalism . , they are not ! ” sight of the wretched pony did not excite numerous smiles on the countenances of passers-by ; but as against the side of this pony rattled a sword of respectable length , and as over this sword gleamed an eye rather ferocious than haughty , these passers-by repressed their hilarity , or if hilarity prevailed over prudence , they endeavored to laugh only on one side , like the masks of the ancients . musketeers , their martial carriage , with the regimental step of these noble companions of	203.96371459960938
the soldier , would have betrayed the most strict incognito . upon your promise . depart without her son . ” him ? ” twice he had overcome his doubts . to divert the attention of certain curious <unk> , and perceiving that athos had betaken himself to the embrasure of a window and remained there , he proceeded to join him , throwing out a few words carelessly as he moved through the room . uses ! ” the _other_ is dead ? ” ’ s attorney , ” replied andrea calmly . d ’ artagnan , laughing , “ porthos will pay you with the money of the duchess coquenard . ” . in the antechamber were visible the rough faces of seven or eight <unk>	63.2479248046875
sailors . moment , as if <unk> for breath . blacas , who had for a moment the hope of sacrificing villefort to his own profit , “ i am compelled to tell you that these are not mere rumors destitute of foundation which thus disquiet me ; but a <unk> man , <unk> all my confidence , and charged by me to watch over the south ” ( the duke hesitated as he pronounced these words ) , “ has arrived by post to tell me that a great peril threatens the king , and so i hastened to you , sire . ” by two turnkeys holding torches and accompanied by two soldiers , and to whom the governor spoke bareheaded , dantès , who guessed	137.22079467773438
the truth , and that the moment to address himself to the superior authorities was come , sprang forward with clasped hands . he , “ they likewise have refused me . ” . the usurper , then ? ’ . ” should be done , ” asked athos , “ if we have no news of them to-night ? ” the new-comer left the hotel with the _cicerone_ , a man detached himself from the rest of the idlers , and without having been seen by the traveller , and appearing to excite no attention from the guide , followed the stranger with as much skill as a parisian police agent would have used . monte cristo , “ he begins to conceal his losses ; a	67.0820083618164
month since he boasted of them . ” inward shriek , and retreated to a corner of the room like a panther which <unk> for a spring . , down with all the people i have mentioned , each in his turn . she , “ i believe you now begin to hesitate . ” with my outfit . , d ’ artagnan waited half an hour without the least impatience , his eyes fixed upon that charming little abode of which he could perceive a part of the ceiling with its gilded moldings , <unk> the elegance of the rest of the apartment . for , on the contrary , i am desired to preserve the profoundest mystery . ” dear viscount , you are fated to	63.521968841552734
hear music this evening ; you have only escaped from mademoiselle danglars ’ piano , to be attacked by haydée ’ s guzla . ” broussel is to be arrested ought to be able to bear ten thousand men . ” to confirm my own ideas , ” said franz , “ that the countess ’ s suspicions were destitute alike of sense and reason . insanity ; but tell me what woman has a lover more truly in love ; what queen a servant more ardent ? ” honest man , full of courage and real regard . unprotected by copyright law in the united states and you are located in the united states , we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying ,	101.32791900634766
distributing , performing , displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed . him , ” returned monte cristo ; “ but i shall probably soon make his acquaintance , for i have a credit opened with him by the house of richard & <unk> , of london , arstein & eskeles of vienna , and thomson & french at <unk> ” as he pronounced the two last names , the count glanced at maximilian morrel . , it changed no more . better to transact business with his old acquaintance , so he sent for peppino . year to no purpose ! ” cried dantès . artagnan was on his way to notre dame . dantès	114.07640075683594
wanted but little of being utterly mad . ” replied athos , “ that the viscount has just mounted his horse to proceed to the hotel de luynes . ” ” continued danglars ; “ if we resolve on such a step , it would be much better to take , as i now do , this pen , <unk> it into this ink , and write with the left hand ( that the writing may not be recognized ) the denunciation we <unk> ” and danglars , uniting practice with theory , wrote with his left hand , and in a writing <unk> from his usual style , and totally unlike it , the following lines , which he handed to fernand , and which fernand read	100.32048034667969
in an undertone : suppose , which you were anxious to conceal from the world at large ? ” found you humble and penitent , i might have prevented benedetto from killing you ; but i found you proud and <unk> , and i left you in the hands of god . ” was heard , and the man dropped like an ox on his face , and then turned over on his back . persuade m. danglars to invite him to a ball or dinner , or something of the sort , that he may be compelled to ask us in return . ” is . ” this , on the same road , there is an inn , and about a mile further on , after	75.54805755615234
leaving the inn , you will reach the village of greney . , at all events , that it is impossible for me to understand motives before they are explained to me ; but one thing at least is clear , which is , that you decline <unk> yourself with my family . ” poor grandmother fancies that her husband , whom she never left , has called her , and that she must go and join him . him ? the king , but supposing i happened to be killed on account of mazarin , as your nephew came near being to-day , there could be nothing in paradise , however well placed i might be there , that could console me for it . ” remembrance	90.64021301269531
of this girl a remembrance of anger ; and a desire of vengeance disordered the features of milady , which , however , immediately recovered the calm and benevolent expression which this woman of a hundred faces had for a moment allowed them to lose . d ’ artagnan , “ it is clear that they are afraid of something or other ; for look , the sentinels are being <unk> . his daring progress , edmond ’ s foot slipped , and they saw him stagger on the edge of a rock and disappear . cardinal would be furious at her return , and consequently would be more disposed to listen to the complaints brought against her than to the accusations she brought against others . ”	99.13407135009766
, and led the way down a narrow staircase to m. noirtier ’ s room ; morrel followed her on tiptoe ; at the door they found the old servant . steps of a multitude of men were heard , and the queen herself raised the tapestry hangings and put her finger on her lips . , and then stopped at a small <unk> surrounded with rocks , in which seats had been cut , not unlike <unk> . room , and tried to read , but his eye glanced over the page without understanding a word , and he threw away the book , and for the second time sat down to sketch his plan , the ladders and the fence . me ? ” of the	77.451416015625
month was passed , but his resources were now exhausted . because the damp had been excluded from the garden ; the earth , black as <unk> , the thick foliage of the trees betrayed its presence ; besides , had natural <unk> been wanting , it could have been immediately supplied by artificial means , thanks to a <unk> of water , sunk in one of the corners of the garden , and upon which were stationed a frog and a <unk> , who , from antipathy , no doubt , always remained on the two opposite sides of the basin . in . advanced , and as they approached their faces became visible . ? ” exclaimed the count . and it takes a considerable effort	100.66136169433594
, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements . a line for the <unk> of st. jacques de la boucherie ? the carriage , and offered his hand to assist emmanuel and maximilian . i am a living being , and not a <unk> man , and not a volume . that your lordship was the _protégé_ of monsieur de tréville , and that you even had a letter for that illustrious gentleman , he appeared to be very much disturbed , and asked me where that letter was , and immediately came down into the kitchen , where he knew your doublet was . ” king , his degradation and his murder . ” descended ; the carriage awaited them at	70.51274871826172
the door , filled with sweetmeats and bouquets . alarmed , <unk> is i ! ” have already one man to offer to your eminence , and he is well worth twenty men . , who are devoted to me for life and death , mount guard around this apartment , and watch all the passages that lead to the courtyard . , <unk> am called athos . ” ” said athos to aramis , “ we were to have slept here , but we can not —we must push <unk> ” they rode forward and reached abbeville . ’ artagnan with extreme politeness and invited him to sit down with him to supper , of which he was himself about to partake . of making myself feared	88.2698974609375
. ” observed comminges at the end of the rue cocatrix when he said one word to the coachman , who at once put his vehicle into motion and drove up before broussel ’ s door . occupied on his last stay at compiègne . ham , d ’ artagnan ; it is exquisite , ” said athos , cutting a slice , which he placed on the young man ’ s plate . this fine story , sire ? ” asked tréville , quietly . dare to oppose the terrible minister . ” cried olivain . to accompany you . shall expect you . public room , i saw one of our englishman <unk> with a dealer for a horse , his own having died yesterday from	75.31890106201172
bleeding . take them to no . , sword in hand , ” said charles . as to have some particular duty to perform for your eminence , we are ready to obey you . the same arrangements with the new landlord that we had with the old ; and it was of this man that i intended to ask shelter . ” , use it , ” replied gondy . you should go that way ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan . the _pharaon_ , they must have found snug <unk> elsewhere , for they also had disappeared . he gave up the name of porthos ! ” never injured her . ” who was at the door , perceived his hesitation . seems to have	59.09756851196289
an agreeable style , ” said the messenger , carelessly . , that nothing shall induce me to renew attempts evidently at <unk> with the almighty ’ s pleasure . ” that you may be certain i contemplate no injury to you ! less than nothing , ” said aramis ; “ a charming little seamstress , whom i love dearly and from whose hand i requested a few lines as a sort of <unk> . ” thing ; yes , i know there are traditions of that sort , ” said comminges . sail rent to <unk> was waving ; suddenly the ropes that still held it gave way , and it disappeared in the darkness of the night like a vast <unk> . an armchair ,	91.07501220703125
which moved upon casters , in which he was <unk> into the room in the morning , and in the same way drawn out again at night . your cousin very handsomely ! ” , to found an accusation on such bad <unk> ! you escape . ” more fortunate . dantès emerged from the tunnel . here , and i shall die in my dungeon like faria . ” the first rumor which reached the salon he had gradually approached the door , and crossing two or three rooms at last disappeared . before she had traversed a third of the street . their cloaks , appeared . ” repeated porthos . noise of <unk> being removed and of the groaning of posts ; these were the	83.04606628417969
<unk> and <unk> of athos , which the besieged himself <unk> . yet dantès knew only by the number of his cell , sprang up with an agility by no means to be expected in a person of his years , and , light and steady on his feet as a <unk> or a lizard , climbed from the table to the outstretched hands of dantès , and from them to his shoulders ; then , bending double , for the ceiling of the dungeon prevented him from holding himself erect , he managed to slip his head between the upper bars of the window , so as to be able to command a perfect view from top to bottom . as <unk> raised the fish by the	101.00205993652344
<unk> , you must pull him into the room , taking care to squeeze him so tight that he can ’ t cry out . ” , and took up his pen and wrote : was fated , ” said she . she , hardly giving franz time to sit down , “ it seems you have nothing better to do than to make the acquaintance of this new lord ruthven , and you are already the best friends in the world . ” interfere , for he too had recognized the superiority of dantès over the crew and himself . more difficult . ” he abandoned the hand of this woman to kiss her feet . was seized with astonishment . the handwriting was disguised . ”	74.56159210205078
engaged in this fearful plot , is he , sir ? ” asked valentine , clasping her hands . monte cristo , who , making at the same time some imperceptible sign , murmured : me to my bed ; but mousqueton <unk> , and brings in provisions . it with this madman ? ” exclaimed he , turning round as the noise of the door announced the entrance of the host , who came in to inquire if he was unhurt . again ere my departure ? ” asked albert . d ’ artagnan . could endure . monte cristo , “ since we mutually understand each <unk> such i presume is the case ? ” danglars bowed assentingly . , lord de winter made his customary	66.52130126953125
visit , examined the window and the bars , sounded the floor and the walls , looked to the chimney and the doors , without , during this long and minute examination , he or milady pronouncing a single word . sixteen , when this took place , rejoiced greatly at this relaxation ; but the other four cursed it heartily . was opened . . this period nothing had been wanting to tréville but opportunity ; but he was ever on the watch for it , and he faithfully promised himself that he would not fail to seize it by its three <unk> whenever it came within reach of his hand . to be in great haste ? ” . ” a right line . of this	113.08706665039062
attention on your <unk> i will venture to tell <unk> am sure that she will be most grateful to you ; it is true that my father will be equally <unk> ” the count laughed . . ” cried the pretended monk , “ pardon you ! him and touched his shoulder . very much like a man who is going to be murdered . ” exclaimed a voice on the stairs ; “ monsieur morrel ! ” . and at six o ’ clock had already gone ten miles . to hold gloves , ” he said . you , my friend , ” said the baroness , “ what will be done with this impostor ? ” you are the only person who can serve me	35.88223648071289
, monsieur de rochefort . finger , glided over the words , but at each one noirtier answered by a negative sign . valentine , “ i will do all i can to live , for there are two beings who love me and will die if i <unk> grandfather and maximilian . ” are you going ? ” asked the marquise . was not guilty , i swear it <unk> ” you ! ” cried he . , that the other might not see how joy at the thought of having a companion <unk> the sympathy he felt for the failure of the abbé ’ s plans . majesty had said , was really furious , so furious that during eight days he <unk> himself from the	66.5054702758789
king ’ s gaming table . , most capital , ” responded porthos . man who , on the morning of the day when general quesnel disappeared , presented himself at his house . ” is at m. de villefort ’ s ; but let ’ s get back to the subject . ” forgotten , but mixed up and confused with ancient recollections . it from him , but monte cristo perceiving his intention , seized his wrist with his iron grasp . can tonight , and tomorrow , if you can , we will take our departure together . ” to hear this witness ? ’ — ‘ yes , yes , ’ they all said at once . athos . them , ” remarked fernand	74.56198120117188
. them , and the twelve studs were all on her majesty ’ s shoulder . a moment in silence . if he has taken off his mask i shall be able to see . i admit , but still it is the fashion . united states , check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading , copying , displaying , performing , distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other project gutenberg™ work . us hinder you , mousqueton ; go and perform your master ’ s orders . ? ” said he to athos . in sight of the bare spot of ground which extended along the foot of the <unk> , athos had	64.59404754638672
been waiting about five minutes , and twelve o ’ clock was striking . perfect being , bid spirit triumph over body . me in that which i am accomplishing . behind me . ” of a skirmish in getting rid of the duties ; the excise was , in truth , the everlasting enemy of the patron of _la jeune amélie_ . which meant that he knew no more than aramis about it . the box where she had seen the count the previous evening , so that she perceived franz and albert in the place of the very person concerning whom she had expressed so strange an opinion to franz . , when he spoke to you , for sending him about his business . ”	103.88750457763672
! ” for your clothes . in his button-hole , but he kept the faded one in his hand ; and when he again met the calash , he raised it to his lips , an action which seemed greatly to amuse not only the fair lady who had thrown it , but her joyous companions also . of the promise he had made , and of the responsibility he had <unk> retired last to his chamber , begged the host to procure him a map of the province , bent over it , examined every line traced upon it , perceived that there were four different roads from béthune to armentières , and summoned the lackeys . you . will drink bordeaux , and in ten years	119.35379028320312
we will marry his son to the little queen . ” thoroughly good fellow , and will detain you no longer . your husband die ? ” , ” asked caderousse , with eager , glowing looks , “ that it was a stone of immense value ? ” devoted to both these all-powerful masters , and that my earnest endeavors have no other aim than the service of the king , and also the <unk> of the most illustrious geniuses that france has ever produced . . is not , ” replied athos ; “ that is to say , he is dismissed by one-half of france , but by intrigues and promises he makes the other half sustain him ; you will perceive that this may	81.37176513671875
last a long time . ” she , “ the sum you required me to borrow was rather large . ” camp , “ come down ! another man , when the wisest , when those most after god ’ s own heart , hesitate to answer for themselves , and who <unk> himself on the side of the strongest and the most fortunate , to crush the <unk> and the most unfortunate . ” said he , calling d ’ artagnan ’ s attention to the fact that they had come back to the chateau after an hour ’ s walk , “ we have made a tour of my domains . ” which we look ? you see i have answered your first appeal , although	70.9184341430664
certainly the conversation must be much more painful for me than for you. ” villefort smiled bitterly . to be seen in the palais royal . answered for him to the <unk> , who have promised my poor <unk> , my god , my god ! upon occasion . ” me , namely , how franz d ’ épinay will like a grandfather who can not be separated from his wife . porthos , before crying out ; for , on my word , you haven ’ t reached the end , ” said the gascon , in a jesting tone . ” talking with one of my friends , the abbé d ’ herblay , of whom you have often heard me speak . ” confess ,	56.62361145019531
these are scruples . ” albert , laughing , “ one piece of news follows another , and there is often great <unk> between them . ” neighbors , the germans . ” have been found fault with as too large , displayed teeth of pearly <unk> , rendered still more conspicuous by the brilliant carmine of her lips , contrasting vividly with her naturally pale complexion . although i am the insulted party , in order to carry out my eccentricity , i leave him the choice of arms , and will accept without discussion , without dispute , anything , even combat by drawing lots , which is always stupid , but with me different from other people , as i am sure to gain .	187.1045379638672
” me how this fernand is related to you ? ” rapidly as an hour . break when athos arose and dressed himself . arrested , and that will give him time ; in three days i will tell them who i am , and they can not fail to let me go . ’ ” . ” , whom everyone might have thought plunged in grief , the one on her own account , the other from interest in her friend , burst out laughing , as they cleared away every visible trace of the disorder which had naturally accompanied the preparations for their escape . after so long a separation . ” ” said madame de villefort when valentine was gone , “ she makes me	83.30703735351562
very uneasy , and i should not be astonished if she had some serious illness . ” , and you are not so exacting as the fathers of the porte saint-martin and <unk> , who disinherit their daughters for not giving them grandchildren . as amiable as she is beautiful , ” said albert , “ i shall fix myself at rome for six weeks , at least . , ” whispered villefort , as he gazed with unutterable tenderness on the lovely speaker . judge of the effect she had produced . who carried the arms and the porters with the luggage descend first and was about to follow them . her happiness ; and d ’ artagnan was forced to renew with the living voice the	77.82810974121094
assurances which he had written . , also , that the house of thomson & french have constantly denied having rendered you this service ? ” d ’ artagnan remained perfectly calm , and instead of being angry he laughed , and said to porthos : less unwilling to respond in italian than in the other languages ; his aim was to elude the examination . bazin to fasten up his horse and that of aramis in the same manner . faria , when the young man had finished reading it . of whom two were sent by the queen to her husband and two by mazarin to me . ” milady was very cross with her . eat only such things as could not possibly have anything	99.50650787353516
<unk> introduced into them . have a communication to make to you . ” him the salvation of his <unk> and of the kingdom , sculptured in flesh and bone . said he , “ i shall know with whom i have to <unk> ” they opened the door and the four men alighted . ’ ” sir . was for his sake she has committed these crimes . dressed , the one as a woman of <unk> , and the other as a woman of la <unk> . , reserved for me , ” said monte cristo coldly , “ to be the first to do so . ” the young man . her by name ! ” exclaimed albert ; “ she is said to possess	43.587608337402344
as much wit and cleverness as beauty . ? ” the monk exclaimed . hot-headed then— ” to escape , the penalty of death is to be applied . visits to make and a letter yet to write . you , my dear madame bonacieux , ” said he ; “ but , not knowing you would come to see me , i had made an engagement with a friend . felton , “ finally , what did they do ? ” he cried as they descended . and prayed , with her head buried between her palpitating arms . the king , “ will you swear , by my father , that athos was at your residence during the event and that he took no part in	62.588401794433594
it ? ” ! ” cried the procurator ’ s wife . was a famous french sculptor ( <unk> ) . pulse , and finding it throb violently she remembered that the best method of dispelling such illusions was to drink , for a draught of the beverage prepared by the doctor to <unk> her fever seemed to cause a reaction of the brain , and for a short time she suffered less . other , my lord , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ and let us make things clear beforehand in order that there may be no mistake . said the traveller . think i did ? athos . said porthos , rolling his large eyes , “ remember , i will skin you alive	67.75392150878906
. ” cried the queen . may be bought . ” the inspector , “ providence has changed this gigantic plan you <unk> so warmly . ” , though you do not know him ; m. de monte cristo knows everybody . ” saint peter ’ s alone . moment for the rising of the curtain . like you does not obtain long leaves of absence from his mistress ; and we were impatiently waited for at paris , were we not ? ” , then ? ” asked caderousse , fixing his dying eyes on the count . my friend , i conjure you ! ” this opening , and you will see the beautiful new horse which i rode here . ” to speak to me	50.20341873168945
; but was it indeed remorse , tell me ? ” said d ’ artagnan , when they were sufficiently distant to proceed at a trot , “ i think all is lost and we have nothing better to do than to reach france . done ? ” created from several printed editions , all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included . having killed that fellow , my boy , seeing that it is blessed bread to kill an englishman ; but if i had pocketed his pistoles , they would have weighed me down like a remorse . ” ” he said , in a softened tone . the jailer , “ are you more	85.3951644897461
reasonable today ? ” dantès made no reply . expressive , conveying all that was meant , and no more ; no <unk> , no embroidery , no arabesques . that i may not bring fresh trouble into your family : and to set an example which every honest and devoted man , situated as i am , may follow . ” gardens planted by <unk> , and in these gardens isolated pavilions . three horses . ” , ” replied the officer . us , ” said m. de tréville . ” said athos , in so stifled a voice that d ’ artagnan scarcely heard him . he , “ what is this ? still a full bottle before them , ” added danglars . and	80.20565032958984
the door of a dungeon was opened , and he was thrust in . dear d ’ artagnan , has been a warning to me from heaven . ” , ” replied villefort , quite astounded , “ but you will excuse me if , when i presented myself to you , i was unaware that i should meet with a person whose knowledge and understanding so far surpass the usual knowledge and understanding of men . hate you , my friend . , and when i came to the louvre i left orders if he came , to desire him to wait . ” see plainly that i love you . ” place <unk> ! of as honest a man as any on earth . i am	60.7274169921875
intimate with <unk> , who is devoted to the prince de conti , and with monsieur de <unk> , who , since the death of cardinal richelieu , is of all parties or any party ; so that political <unk> have not altogether been uninteresting to me . ” not the cause . ” entered and the duke seemed to be immersed in the sublime <unk> of chess . is right , ” replied bertuccio , “ and god made this infant the instrument of our punishment . ” answered the curates . of the cupboards in valentine ’ s room , which had been transformed into a medicine closet , and taking from its silver case a small bottle of <unk> acid , dropped a little of	71.14546966552734
it into the liquor , which immediately changed to a <unk> color . mazarin , “ i shall not sleep at all ; i have work to do . ” bad intentions . his friends . ” me ; not being of a race of historic fame , like the de <unk> , who were content to be plain sirs , or the <unk> , who didn ’ t wish to be <unk> , all these people , who are all either <unk> or comtes go before me at church in all the ceremonies , and i can say nothing to them . nothing remains but for m. d ’ épinay to arrive that the contract may be signed , and the following day you will be his	75.37013244628906
, tomorrow you will be engaged to m. d ’ épinay , for he came this morning to paris. ” valentine uttered a cry . the count mildly , “ do not entertain the prejudices of ordinary men , morrel ! the mayor . ” said madame danglars , “ all my linen is marked thus ; monsieur de nargonne was a baron , and my name is hermine . service , my lord . ” to merit a more minute examination , albert de morcerf could follow up his researches by means of a small gate , similar to that close to the <unk> ’ s_ door , and which merits a particular description . albert , but it caused lucien to <unk> his visit ; he	78.87517547607422
was evidently ill at ease . playing in the garden ; go and see . ” that they were there . forbidden your lordship to have any pointed instrument . ” had shut the street door and she found herself alone ; “ that <unk> lacked but one thing : to become a cardinalist . of his young acquaintance with evident pleasure , as though his chilled affections were <unk> and invigorated by his contact with one so warm and ardent . ” to the large glass gallery , he perceived de winter , who was waiting until the queen had finished her negotiation . you <unk> about danglars . ” the concierge the notary ’ s order . that , monseigneur , it is true , ”	89.20394897460938
said athos ; “ we do conspire , as your eminence might have seen the other morning . and glided noiselessly up to the queen to listen . had not to deal with a gentleman , and they treated him like a very peasant . ” my lord ; but before an engagement <unk> we shall move your eminence to another castle belonging to our friend du vallon , who has three . her nerves gave way , and she sunk on the carpet . a part of what was to happen . the count , “ be good enough to ask pastrini if he has received the <unk> , and if he can send us an account of the execution . ” loud , young <unk> ’	77.16903686523438
t speak so loud . ” exclaimed julie , clasping her hands , “ in what did he believe , then ? ” mocking tone , and that familiar gesture , <unk> voice and tone , athos made a bound of surprise . good what he lacked in perfect comprehension of the language . . maximilian , “ i have often been almost tempted to attribute to him the gift of prophecy ; at all events , he has a wonderful power of <unk> any future good . ” to do ? ” cried mme . so ? ” shall need all my strength to struggle with myself and support my grief in secret , as you say . ! assertion , will you not , beauchamp ?	78.09595489501953
” said albert with increased though stifled anger . should receive it before eleven o ’ clock . ; in the meantime the king finished his toilet . murmured d ’ artagnan . . was heard , and the staircase creaked beneath a feeble step . on the knob of the door ; at the noise of m. de tréville ’ s entrance he turned round . ” said monte cristo quietly , “ i see you wish to quarrel with me ; but i would give you one piece of advice , which you will do well to keep in mind . loved him . ” . the author of ‘ <unk> , ’ and of ‘ le grand <unk> , ’ which were composed partly by	54.83827209472656
him and partly by his sister , who is now talking to that pretty person yonder , near monsieur scarron . ” suspect him ; felton himself might now be watched ! directed towards them , that franz saw it would be cruel not to satisfy her curiosity ; and , availing himself of one of the privileges of the spectators of the italian theatres , who use their boxes to hold <unk> , the two friends went to pay their respects to the countess . over the note to <unk> it a second time , and saw there was a postscript . while , and see what comes of it , ” said he , casting a bewildered look on his companion . he appeared at the	96.76189422607422
door of the ball-room , that valentine ran to him , saying : , doubtless , advancing in years , but she enjoyed excellent <unk> ” morrel began again to breathe freely , which he had not done during the last ten minutes . him . the broken glass , the count opened the door . barrels with his hand , and having ascertained that he spoke the truth , pushed his lantern , greatly to the captain ’ s alarm , into the interstices between the barrels , and finding that there was nothing concealed in them : ” muttered la carconte when left alone ; “ it is a large sum of money , but it is not a fortune . ” the commissary of police	70.03575134277344
, who was waiting for him . said the jeweller , as he placed himself at table , ‘ all i can say is , so much the worse for those who are abroad . ’ , but did not stop them ; they jumped into the ditch , and prepared to scale the breach . they don ’ t see us , ” said athos . , ” said the other bearer , “ or i shall never find what i am looking for . ” the exception of cloth drawers at the left side of which hung a large knife in a sheath , and he bore on his right shoulder a heavy iron <unk> . ’ est leve ce matin . ” you learn ?	50.579376220703125
” beauchamp , “ here is my answer , my dear sir . my service , monsieur bertuccio . ” we have before mentioned rose high above the wall , without in any way affecting the growth of other luxuriant shrubs and flowers that eagerly dressed forward to fill up the vacant <unk> , as though <unk> their right to enjoy the boon of light and air . upon it . the epaulet of sub-lieutenant , and as the protection of the general , who is in the highest favor , was accorded to him , he was a captain in 1823 , during the spanish <unk> is to say , at the time when danglars made his early speculations . i shall be very much in the	81.25594329833984
way in that little boat , ” said mousqueton . passed on to the dining-room . , ” said porthos . woman who had already recovered all her advantages . else . ” he set out ? ’ in her favor ; her beauty serves as a <unk> to her victims ; her body even pays what she <unk> must do her that justice . man , who carried in his hand something long and flexible rolled up , resembling a <unk> line . chevalier d ’ <unk> his fifty horsemen , less two , missing at roll call . , be better satisfied that i should not go farther into particulars . ” ” said aramis , “ perhaps there is yet time . had gazed sufficiently	105.40526580810547
on this picturesque tableau , he raised his finger to his lips , to warn him to be silent , and , ascending the three steps which led to the corridor of the columbarium , entered the chamber by the middle arcade , and advanced towards vampa , who was so intent on the book before him that he did not hear the noise of his footsteps . of the guardhouse was opened and one of the soldiers was summoned away . style . never weep , ” said milady . , ” said he ; “ all danger is <unk> ” the woman looked up at these words , and , with a glance far more expressive than any entreaties could have been , pointed to her	68.30323028564453
child , who still continued insensible . at your ease , madame , ” said bonacieux , hurt at the little interest his wife showed in him . house ; the drawing-room was lighted <unk> went in there . that is indispensable . there will be in my courtyard this evening a good travelling britzka , with four post-horses , in which one may rest as in a bed . truth . ” her , then ? ” asked rochefort , eagerly . ’ asked joannes . s letter . raoul , “ this monsieur scarron is a poet ? ” easy enough , ” answered porthos . , ready either to attack or to stand on his defense . in two hours , in four , in	97.49945831298828
six hours at latest , planchet will be here . , ” said he , “ a straightforward answer should be given . , porthos took leave of mme . different feelings : that of porthos , tranquillity ; that of d ’ artagnan , hope ; that of aramis , uneasiness ; that of athos , carelessness . times , ” said athos ; “ now we are <unk> in comparison . a young and charming woman , whom he loved , not passionately , but reasonably , as became a deputy attorney of the king ; and besides her personal attractions , which were very great , mademoiselle de saint-méran ’ s family possessed considerable political influence , which they would , of course , exert	96.57271575927734
in his favor . continued winter , always possessed by the same idea , “ is there not a tradition in france that henry iv. , the evening before the day he was assassinated , when he was playing at chess with m. de <unk> , saw <unk> of blood upon the <unk> ? ” , yet the duke continued his course . artagnan , with you , <unk> four reunited for the first time for twenty <unk> would dare not only england , but the three kingdoms put together ! ” observed albert , “ he seemed to me somewhat eccentric ; were he at paris , and a <unk> of the theatres , i should say he was a poor devil literally mad . be pleased	91.70886993408203
with me ? ” <unk> , french dramatist ( <unk> ) . aramis as with athos , embraced them both . the matter , raoul ? ” said athos , very anxiously . and how easy i am here . m. de comminges and desire him to shut himself up with his men in the guardhouse and in the stables . ” , bore some resemblance to a duel , d ’ artagnan began to recover himself little by little . , ” said milady . of hers named kitty could disguise themselves admirably in men ’ s clothes . honor . ” ” observed d ’ artagnan , with a vexed look ; “ it would be impossible . ” the good fortune that has befallen you	71.87726593017578
. ” brilliant and almost sublime conversation you have elevated me above the ordinary level ; we no longer talk , we rise to dissertation . little friend , ” cried the count eagerly ; “ some of those <unk> are not only dangerous to taste , but even to inhale . ” as that of d ’ artagnan , this indulgence was a light by which he caught a glimpse of a better future . mme . . night watch passed . ! ’ exclaimed the young girl <unk> . monte cristo , “ you are not in your usual spirits ? ” far from here to the house i would return and finish him . ” the sudden fall from 409 to 206 ? ” asked	84.83677673339844
monte cristo . that these are <unk> symptoms of insanity . ” has so correctly informed you ? ” asked he ; “ for my paper , which gave the first information on the subject , has been obliged to stop for want of proof ; and yet we are more interested than you in exposing m. de morcerf , as he is a peer of france , and we are of the opposition . ” interrupted château-renaud ; “ and pray that , if you should ever be in a similar predicament , he may do as much for you as he did for me . ” . him the last three or four days . ” kind of vertigo . my opinion , count double ,	51.107261657714844
and i have suffered for twenty years . ” , ” said the governor , <unk> , “ that we are not content in such cases as this with such a simple examination . ” said he ; “ and do you believe that if i knew i would relate to you all its trials and all its adventures as would a dramatist or a <unk> <unk> ? is the meaning of this ? ” my lord , ” replied d ’ artagnan , resuming his serious manner . what a pace he <unk> the wind ! ” . a monster ! baron danglars , rue de la chaussée d ’ antin . ” bowed , and departed . the next thing was to find planchet . me	46.45161819458008
, that of <unk> the magistrate before whom i was taken to cause every inquiry to be made for the abbé busoni , who had stopped at the inn of the pont du gard on that morning . placed this cup on the table roused franz ’ s curiosity . on horseback ? ” asked the young man . , ‘ confess yourselves to one another , ’ and i confess to you , d ’ artagnan . ” addressing the troop , “ let us return . ” woman did not prevent milady from thinking . , ” continued athos , “ what is the penalty you demand against this woman ? ” and read : seen aramis . ” the girls went away , and maximilian	54.440582275390625
understood that mademoiselle danglars ’ visit had at last come to an end . aramis , in his neighbor ’ s ear , “ the conferences are over . at least , ” said cromwell , rising and putting on his cloak . he in a voice perfectly calm , and no muscle of his countenance disturbed , “ well , my dear vampa , it appears to me that you receive a friend with a great deal of ceremony . ” <unk> ” ” yes , ” said athos , “ for i am hungry . ” ; this man was myself ; for a fortnight i had been at that hotel , during which period i had cured my valet de chambre of a fever ,	47.18466567993164
and my landlord of the <unk> , so that i really acquired a reputation as a skilful physician . , too ? ” he exclaimed . ” said monte cristo , “ no ; you judge yourself with too much severity . , and taking off his hat respectfully , said , “ madame , will you permit me to offer you my services ? said raoul , blushing , “ might examine the spanish prisoner . ” keep me from it , and you , too ! ” said d ’ artagnan . monseigneur , knowing your prudence and your personal relation to the events of the present time , that you will choose to hold your forces concentrated in the interior of the french kingdom and	49.517818450927734
leave to her own the new government of england . lightning . also . on the marquis de saint-méran ? ” my dearest friends . ” wish to see all relating to the poor abbé , who really was gentleness itself . ” lord , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ accept it as it is given . ” said the prince , “ i understand that language thoroughly ; and since he is italian i will myself continue the examination . an ambassador . ” ; the crime is fragrant . world is much older , and when mankind will be masters of all the <unk> powers in nature , to serve for the general good of humanity ; when mankind , as you were just	83.98921203613281
saying , have discovered the secrets of death , then that death will become as sweet and voluptuous as a slumber in the arms of your beloved . ” goes under , then the other . i think , than ours has been . . excellency , if it would amuse you ; and i will get you the torch you ask for . , ” said athos , in a low tone , to aramis . ” said planchet . . ” , entered the room alone . <unk> or <unk> on the stomach , another on the brain , another on the intestines . that his lips expanded into a smile . he found the vessel that had been named to him , delivered his letter	60.82951736450195
to the captain , who after having it examined by the governor of the port made immediate preparations to sail . ’ s old servant , opened it . , free air is so good ; besides , ” and rochefort drew a deep breath as he spoke , “ i am going into the country to make a tour . ” reply , he even changed the subject of conversation . the following day a calash , drawn by a pair of magnificent english horses , stopped at the door of monte cristo and a person , dressed in a blue coat , with buttons of a similar color , a white waistcoat , over which was displayed a massive gold chain , brown trousers , and	71.66307067871094
a quantity of black hair descending so low over his eyebrows as to leave it doubtful whether it were not artificial so little did its jetty <unk> assimilate with the deep wrinkles stamped on his <unk> person , in a word , who , although evidently past fifty , desired to be taken for not more than forty , bent forwards from the carriage door , on the panels of which were emblazoned the armorial bearings of a baron , and directed his groom to inquire at the porter ’ s lodge whether the count of monte cristo resided there , and if he were within . in order that he might be appointed to the post he subsequently held . its character , yield to mad ideas	175.15066528320312
, be even <unk> live . ” athos ’ s , and he , faithful to his vow of not going out , took upon him to order dinner to be brought to them . some uneasiness , which , momentarily increasing , caused his mind , instead of being as <unk> as it was when he began his journey , to fill with ideas which were very likely to keep a traveller awake , more especially one in such a situation as danglars . wish it . ” <unk> a thing impossible and <unk> . hand , which they kissed , and she said in a low tone to de winter : liberty of a woman , ” replied the count ; “ the pope , the	76.78546142578125
life of a man ; so that once in my life i have been as powerful as if heaven had brought me into the world on the steps of a throne . ” saw me , and i sank upon the floor a prey to a slumber which resembled death . andrea , — “ my servant ’ s coat and my hat ? ” madame de villefort , “ it must be an admirable <unk> . ” the one hung with white damask with a red cross , was a blue domino , beneath which franz ’ s imagination easily pictured the beautiful greek of the argentina . , monseigneur , ” resumed the trembling host ; “ for i now recollect you . thee , for	68.51441192626953
harm may come of it ! ” of ali tepelini spoken the truth ? ’ said the president . above vulgar desires and earthly passions . no doubt she was a victim of the cardinal ’ s vengeance ; and , as was well known , the vengeance of his eminence was terrible . château-renaud , whose nobility goes back to the twelve peers , and whose ancestors had a place at the round table ; m. lucien debray , private secretary to the minister of the interior ; m. beauchamp , an editor of a paper , and the terror of the french government , but of whom , in spite of his national celebrity , you perhaps have not heard in italy , since his paper	91.7030029296875
is prohibited there ; and m. maximilian morrel , captain of spahis . ” ! ” answered d ’ artagnan , “ you are too good ; as to our liberty , we have that ; we want to ask something else of you . ” he , “ i ’ m off to the bishop ’ s . ? ” the count , “ let us both lay aside the mask we have assumed . remarkably well , ” said danglars . above us ; the castle of yanina rose white and angular from the blue waters of the lake , and the immense masses of black <unk> which , viewed in the distance , gave the idea of <unk> clinging to the rocks , were in	55.728973388671875
reality gigantic <unk> and myrtles . dantès , are you now free ? ” inquired the owner . ! see the ship which was carrying her son over the vast sea ; but still her voice involuntarily murmured softly : a fowl ! ” , athos , for what you have done . be gone . ” raoul , returning the count ’ s pressure of the hand , “ i like you already , from my heart ; pray regard me as a devoted friend , i beseech you . ” made a breach by her false virtue in the opinion of a man horribly prejudiced against her , and by her beauty in the heart of a man hitherto chaste and pure . princess , at	88.44263458251953
<unk> lady with her negro boy and her maid ! ” . ” half a dead body tied to you as a drag to all your movements . such a step we should appear to be doubtful of ourselves . ourselves twice over , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ we have given ourselves to you ; command , we shall obey . ” ” he said , “ what is the matter ? look to his wound . went out . me ; you see plainly i can not walk . the feet of dantès , or hell opened its yawning gulf before him , he could not have been more completely transfixed with horror than he was at the sound of these unexpected words .	68.27649688720703
the cardinal would be the ruin of our hopes ; and our hopes are thus far the only recompense we have for labors in comparison with which those of hercules were <unk> . ” during these jokes which were intended chiefly to divert athos from the scene which had just taken place , the servants , with the exception of grimaud , were not silent . twisted his mustache and elongated his imperial , which always announced on his part the most triumphant resolutions . vizier to you , edmond ? replied mazarin , trying to smile and biting his lips in the attempt , “ that our parts are changed , and that instead of these gentlemen being my prisoners i am theirs ; but , gentlemen	133.25827026367188
, i warn you , unless you kill me , your victory will be of very short duration ; people will come to the rescue . ” , and in that singular manner so peculiar to <unk> , <unk> ; he almost immediately got up and took his leave ; then , for the first time , i observed the agitation of my grandfather , and i must tell you , maximilian , that i am the only person capable of <unk> emotion in his paralyzed frame . i shall have the honor of expecting you at the hôtel of monsieur de tréville . no harm meant , ” answered danglars ; “ at first i certainly did feel somewhat uneasy as to what fernand might be tempted	72.06698608398438
to do ; but when i saw how completely he had mastered his feelings , even so far as to become one of his rival ’ s attendants , i knew there was no further cause for <unk> ” caderousse looked full at <unk> was ghastly pale . lord ? ” return to paris ; the house had not been inhabited since we left it , but it had just been let for nine years . himself that more than difficult task . , monsieur chevalier . albert ; “ let us <unk> love him . ” considerable reputation . conversing in the obscurity . with his handkerchief and looked around him . cried , “ i feel that i am dying ; thanks ! ” in vain	68.82098388671875
she told me you would not come ! surprise to another . church , and the affair might injure me if i should share it with any other than a sure friend like you , i write to beg that you will serve me as second . thoughts passed through his mind . . . cold , ” said porthos . you are <unk> is a queen . ” is passed in attacks and <unk> . ” after him for the purpose of hanging him likewise ; but he was beforehand with me , he had quit the curacy the night before . ” i had been forgotten in the general confusion ; i ran toward ali tepelini ; he saw me hold out my arms to him	75.70207977294922
, and he stooped down and pressed my forehead with his lips . ” said he . instructions ? ” the blow , then . ” i repeat it to your majesty , that the queen conspires against the power of the king , but i have not said against his honor . ” shall i find you ? ” their meal in the <unk> of monsieur de chavigny ; we ’ ll have a supper here under your direction . ” ! in the direction indicated , and found one of those exterior staircases that are still to be seen in the yards of our old-fashioned <unk> . <unk> , ” added albert , smiling . he reflected . . ” said andrea , “ i assure	41.48417282104492
you i have never given the subject a thought , but i suppose it must have been at least two millions . ” to settle in france , he left me at his departure , together with the papers establishing my identity , a letter promising , if he approved of my choice , 150,000 livres per annum from the day i was married . to do ? ” asked the wounded man . in the shade of the corridor , and the young lieutenant , with whom we are already acquainted , stopped at the threshold to receive the orders of the baron . rank of itself in france , and from the way in which you lavish money , it is a place that must be	59.48089599609375
worth a hundred thousand francs a year . ” through the passage . said , “ you ! vulgar companion in these new adventures ; he was a man of <unk> sound sense . the abbé busoni himself , ” replied monte cristo . must be in not having either wife or children ! ” will be so good as to inform me whom you are expecting to receive ? ” ; and with the ten parts of grimaud , which are not worth a <unk> , i regained the diamond . grimaud , who spoke to him in a low voice . now slipped through the window . the same look that , at rome , he had bent upon the execution of andrea , and then	51.60430908203125
, in a tone that made a shudder pass through the veins of the poor <unk> me that ? ” replied the stranger , with a coolness which was barely civil . chevalier , ” said planchet , bowing . see pale , agitated , and alarmed , instead <unk> is the case when a curtain falls on a <unk> home to sup peacefully with his family , and then retiring to rest , that he may recommence his <unk> woes on the morrow , —is removed from your sight merely to be reconducted to his prison and delivered up to the executioner . <unk> understand me , d ’ artagnan—a court . ” while , ” said aramis , “ you can have one of mine .	82.20851135253906
” crimes of which you are accused ? ’ the count looked around him with an expression which might have softened tigers , but which could not disarm his judges . have said , was making a similar inventory of her property to albert ’ s , while she was arranging her jewels , shutting her drawers , collecting her keys , to leave everything in perfect order , she did not perceive a pale and sinister face at a glass door which threw light into the passage , from which everything could be both seen and heard . and what then ? ” on fifty resolute men , good , <unk> , but active souls , <unk> , capable of bringing down the walls of the palais	108.97860717773438
royal by crying , ‘ down with mazarin , ’ as fell those at <unk> ? ” occupants of the apartments on the fifth floor of the house , now become the property of dantès , were duly informed by the notary who had arranged the necessary transfer of deeds , <unk> , that the new landlord gave them their choice of any of the rooms in the house , without the least <unk> of rent , upon condition of their giving instant possession of the two small chambers they at present inhabited . their sergeant stop , stopped in their turn , and so on to the very last . sir , ” replied dantès . his part , had gained the summit of all his wishes	110.52267456054688
. ’ s position the diamond certainly was of great value . with the patron of _la jeune amélie_ ended , he would hire a small vessel on his own <unk> in his several voyages he had amassed a hundred <unk> under some pretext land at the island of monte cristo . won he was insolent and ostentatious ; if he lost , he disappeared completely for several days , after which he reappeared with a pale face and <unk> person , but with money in his purse . “ like master , like man. ” let us pass , then , from the valet of athos to the valet of porthos , from grimaud to mousqueton . order to win it , to remain an hour in	108.96318054199219
the bastion . was drawn up as to this affair , i suppose ? ” inquired the englishman . , _my <unk> , ” replied athos , who <unk> for propriety . ” it ; he found it firm , solid , and compact enough to bear any weight . , ” said cromwell . then , that he is in your service ? ” that i am going to take you on your bare word . ? ” had found on passing into the compartment he <unk> was empty . he said , after having swallowed the divine preserve . s the thing , my lord ! ” cried his <unk> , gaily . charming face , and smiled on her graciously ; but alas ! providing	57.40660858154297
access to a work with the phrase “ project gutenberg ” associated with or appearing on the work , you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.e.1 through 1.e.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the project gutenberg™ trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.e.8 or 1.e.9 . ” life in <unk> off blows which were forever aimed at him ! ” duke , ” replied la ramee , in the <unk> of his heart ; “ i say what i think ; there is no compliment in what i say to you—— ” , who charged him with an <unk> message to a bonapartist in paris , whose name i could not extract from him ; but this mission was to	91.0015640258789
prepare men ’ s minds for a return ( it is the man who says this , sire ) —a return which will soon occur . ” so direct when you know that he displeases me ? ” ? ” inquired monte cristo laughingly . ” replied monte cristo , laughing , “ that you had , probably , just dined together . apartment , if you please . ” this , good sir , ” resumed the host , “ in order that you may be on your guard . ” spot these men appeared to be annihilated , one after the other , as if the earth had opened under their feet . . ” questions about the king ’ s capture , and athos gave	60.08638381958008
details so precise and positive that if the gatekeepers had any suspicions they vanished completely . gout ! ” cried monsieur de bouillon , evidently ill at ease . ” said villefort , addressing himself to his future son-in-law , “ excepting the loss of a portion of your hopes , this unexpected will need not personally wound you ; m. noirtier ’ s weakness of mind sufficiently explains it . the steamer disappeared behind cape morgiou , a man travelling post on the road from florence to rome had just passed the little town of aquapendente . there were , it would be impossible to draw up with impunity two such deeds as these . with his estate of épinay . ’ s sake , ” said	182.28799438476562
she , “ you will live , will you not ? ” ” said athos , <unk> . door , and seeing that the young officer was waiting for his last orders , he said . will i even raised myself up , but only to sink down again immediately , and to fall into the arms of my persecutor . ” underneath these windows ? going to <unk> you understand ? you have on your shoulders your beadle ’ s robe , and spend all your time reading your breviary . that the garrison of the castle of yanina , fatigued with long service—— ” ” continued he , after a moment ’ s silence , “ conceal from you , that while your probity and exactitude	63.111480712890625
up to this moment are universally acknowledged , yet the report is current in marseilles that you are not able to meet your liabilities . ” he lost two hours in his attempts , which were at last utterly useless . the marrow at hearing this <unk> creature reproach him , with that sharp voice which she took such pains to conceal in conversation , for not having killed a man whom he had seen load her with <unk> . choir the body of the victim , clothed in her novitiate dress , was exposed . his age , and <unk> pale . a little pocket-book with golden clasps , a remnant of his old fancies , or perhaps a tender souvenir from one of the mysterious and	152.3222198486328
veiled ladies who used to knock at his little door , <unk> took out of this pocket-book a note of 1,000 francs . had brought them to the louvre and thence proceeded to the <unk> ; and taking up grimaud and blaisois , they went on foot to the rue guenegaud . name ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . d ’ artagnan stopped . touch a cardinal ? ” occupied , his business makes him reflective , and he might , without intending it—— ” irritated against them , they would depart without being seen ; if the king consented to see them , they would only have to be called . a <unk> at her window , and by the help of a flash of lightning	80.56526947021484
she saw the face of a man appear behind the bars . . ” ” said franz , “ leave all to our host ; he has already proved himself full of resources ; let us dine quietly , and afterwards go and see _l ’ <unk> à <unk> ! _ no , you are mistaken , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i love my poor constance more than ever , and if i knew the place in which she is , were it at the end of the world , i would go to free her from the hands of her enemies ; but i am ignorant . , but whether maltese or sicilian i can not exactly say ; but this i know ,	58.02303695678711
that he is noble as a <unk> and rich as a gold mine . ” , my son , if you had entertained such an idea , dispel it ; and my counsel to <unk> , my <unk> to retain his friendship . ” knotted at the four corners and tell the crew to disembark and carry the powder back to the arsenal , unless , <unk> ” right ; i am but a poor friend to you . , please . ” his old place on the steps of saint eustache and was again distributing holy water with one hand and asking alms with the other . , then , with me , sir ? ” aramis , ” replied the musketeer . d ’ artagnan ,	73.65852355957031
“ will your majesty permit me to ask you a question ? ” he no longer possessed the confidence of his friend , or that athos was bound by some invisible chain , or that he had been forewarned of the lieutenant ’ s visit . ; his teeth chattered like those of a man under a violent attack of fever , and yet he was deadly pale . , edmond , ” cried the poor mother ; “ but let your vengeance fall on the culprits , —on him , on me , but not on my son ! ” why the women of this fine country , ‘ where sounds the <unk> , ’ as dante writes , put so little restraint on their words and	89.9588623046875
actions , is because they live so much in public , and have really nothing to conceal . , ” said the coadjutor , “ believe me , i am truly concerned for the misfortune which has happened to you . ” to porthos at the moment in which he was attacked in his <unk> hopes , inspired much gratitude in the musketeer toward the procurator ’ s wife . the baroness , without expressing the ideas which the exclamation betrayed . on . ; i will relate to her the details of the disappearance of this poor woman , of which she is no doubt ignorant . this man , whose words were listened to with anxious attention . d ’ artagnan was at the hôtel des	56.65137481689453
gardes ; he found planchet all ready . and vampa seventeen . a hurry to be happy , m. danglars ; for when we have suffered a long time , we have great difficulty in believing in good fortune . aramis placed his hand upon the arm of d ’ artagnan , and looking at him earnestly , “ you have not spoken of this lady ? ” said he . the <unk> he redoubled the <unk> ; so that day and night the bell was ringing full <unk> , announcing the extreme desire for mortification which the penitent experienced . madame , it is necessary that your friends should be also mine . ” suitable habitation for the count of monte cristo . sympathetic devotion which jacopo	86.26724243164062
had from the first bestowed on edmond , the latter was moved to a certain degree of affection . said with a sad smile : “ poor wretch , for half a crown he would do as much to his own father . ” beadle ? ” said the verger . that it even extended to aramis and porthos . ” asked madeleine . his nephew to wait for him near the vineyard ; but it appeared the servant did not find him . that , but what is the quarrel ? order and for the good of the state that the bearer of this has done what he has done . ” said albert , as he made his parting bow . ask my own secrets ,	57.700584411621094
and i will reveal them to you ; but those of <unk> is quite another thing . ” know so many things , can you tell me what is become of that woman ? ” his eyes , and then stared at the man who thus <unk> the manœuvres of his captain . monsieur ; i know her very well . ” ; he was a foundling . ” dresses as nobody else can , ” said porthos . or black , were raised behind by the point of a sword , or before by the barrel of an <unk> or a musket . father , ruined by the revolution , and m. danglars , who never had possessed any patrimony , both laid the foundations of their	51.881324768066406
different fortunes . ” on an <unk> and impatiently turning over the leaves of some newspapers and <unk> which young edward , by way of amusing himself , was tearing to pieces before his mother could finish reading them . merely an affair of discipline and does not concern me , ” said the queen . then , my dear count , ” cried gondy , offering his hand . said the duke , “ this is a bad day , or rather a bad night , to be out late ; is it not , countess ? ” . ” understanding of what was passing around me . into which i had fallen appeared so strange that i believed myself dreaming . rum and biscuit in it	87.69518280029297
for the seamen ; should the night happen to be stormy they will not be sorry to find something to console themselves with . ” ” said he ; “ you disturb , you agitate the people who live in the castle . ” from the chamber of milady into that of the maid , and quick as lightning , he <unk> to the door , and placed all his weight against it , while kitty pushed the bolts . the shore of the lake , ready to cover our retreat ; they were kneeling on the lowest of the marble steps , and in that manner intended making a rampart of the three others , in case of pursuit . , without understanding what you said .	82.01505279541016
the count , “ have you ever seen me fire a pistol ? ” nor had they made any attempt to <unk> him ; this seemed a good augury . on in the city yonder ? ” said athos . the count , who felt his heart die away within him ; “ adieu , and think of me . ” said porthos , as he slipped through the opening . home . of it , ” said d ’ artagnan . ” is another proof of your affection . , that they wished to murder that good councillor , broussel , the father of the people ? ” now , but all that i have shall most assuredly be his . year , at which he appeared	49.251556396484375
for a quarter of an hour only , —that is to say , five-and-forty minutes less than the king is visible at his balls . _ ” said the individual whose description we have twice given , entering the door , “ what a great deal of ceremony ! careful search it might be recovered . ” athos is at monsieur de tréville ’ s . ” ” up to him at all risks . your infernal plans , and removed the <unk> with a talent and precision almost miraculous ? more to be said ; go and rejoin your mother and sister . ” ’ s his comrade . ” write to yanina . ” death , the blood rushed to his heart , and then again	84.00379180908203
rising , dyed his cheeks with crimson ; his eyes swam like those of a man suddenly dazzled . the catalans ; that first sight of the château d ’ if , which told him whither they were leading him ; the struggle with the gendarmes when he wished to throw himself <unk> ; his despair when he found himself vanquished , and the sensation when the muzzle of the carbine touched his <unk> these were brought before him in vivid and frightful reality . cried grimaud , “ and i will remain beside him here . ” the count , “ and you confirmed the report . ” is sincere , ” replied athos , “ he will never reach london . ” but nothing compared to	84.83451080322266
the first ; at the end of a week he wrote as well with this pen as with the stylus . you very closely , my uncle , i am sure , and you will soon be of my opinion , ” added he , with a smile which sent a shudder through the veins of him he thus addressed . said morcerf . said groslow , “ i thought i had succeeded better . ; he came to say that if these offensive precautions were not <unk> , in two hours paris would be under arms . and by the joy which was painted on his countenance , the worthy captain plainly perceived that something new was on foot . his right of using his . ”	79.42294311523438
return of bonaparte and promised another letter and further details , on the arrival of the _pharaon_ belonging to the shipbuilder morrel , of marseilles , whose captain was entirely devoted to the emperor . ? ” , ” replied aramis . shall i see you again ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . pleased providence to cause the apprehension of caderousse , who was discovered in some distant country , and brought back to france , where he made a full confession , refusing to make the fact of his wife ’ s having suggested and arranged the murder any excuse for his own guilt . . the count , “ what are you doing ? ” , section of the indirect contributions , corridor <unk> ,	78.06155395507812
no . through her room , which was on a level with valentine ’ s , and only separated from it by edward ’ s . allow him to absent himself more than two or three weeks together . ” this piece of wood when he heard faria , who had remained in edmond ’ s cell for the purpose of cutting a peg to secure their rope-ladder , call to him in a tone indicative of great suffering . , it ’ s nothing ! ” said milady . olivain , that people like us are not to be served by cowards . of a heavy weight falling on the ground was heard , but no one paid any attention to it ; the nurse was engaged	76.14105987548828
in watching the <unk> analysis , and villefort was still absorbed in grief . , both curious and interesting . ” the captain , ‘ i think we are sinking , give me the helm , and go down into the <unk> ’ i gave him the helm , and descended ; there was already three feet of water . me , then ? ” , ” returned la ramee , “ what would you do if you got out ? debray , laughing ; “ do you really mean you would go to his house ? ” as one can well believe took place between him and lord de winter . ” replied the count ; “ understand me , i would fight a duel for a	46.74639129638672
trifle , for an insult , for a blow ; and the more so that , thanks to my skill in all bodily exercises , and the indifference to danger i have gradually acquired , i should be almost certain to kill my man . son of one of the <unk> merchants in london . ” show you the way . ” <unk> you understand ? ” in spite of all your diligence , you have arrived too late . ” , be assured ; and as every inconvenience deserves its <unk> , here is , in addition to the price of the studs , an order for a thousand pistoles , to make you forget the annoyance i cause you . ” , from twelve to fourteen	85.21212005615234
years old , yellow in his hide , without a hair in his tail , but not without <unk> on his legs , which , though going with his head lower than his knees , rendering a martingale quite unnecessary , contrived nevertheless to perform his eight leagues a day . a man i don ’ t know , although he seems to be coming here . , then , if you were not queen ! opposite to that by which he came in , he opened it and disappeared behind it , shutting it as he went . it would have been a great pity to have served him that trick you were planning yesterday . ” gentlemen come in , but appeared to take no notice	100.65157318115234
of them . which chance sometimes affords opportunity , and those are the best of all . , and i alone have a right to raise my voice above another ’ s . leave . , madame , ” said felton ; “ happily i am neither charged with the power of pardoning nor <unk> . wardes . ” , albert—— ” d ’ artagnan , in the ear of athos , “ you are going to get us all killed without mercy . ” not die ; but will you promise me , whatever happens , that you will not complain , but hope ? ” her hand to ring , intending to direct her waiting-maid to the spot where she would find valentine , when the	60.614356994628906
young lady herself entered the apartment . promise which the cardinal had given her if she succeeded in her enterprise . plank from his floor , and nothing remaining but a simple ceiling between him and the room beneath , in which the interrogatories were made , he heard all that passed between the <unk> and the accused . gather from the expression of his eyes whether porthos understood the importance of that visit , but porthos did not even look toward him . , then ? ” inquired d ’ artagnan , fixing his eyes on the corpse . . but a man of middle height , dressed in black , apparently of a certain age , for the end of a gray beard peeped out from	75.2414321899414
the bottom of the mask that hid his features . , lowering his voice and looking with a suppliant air at the cardinal , “ let us give them apparent security ; that is policy . ” ; he had to collect the documents he had long been preparing against this storm , which his sagacity had foreseen . i am not rich enough to afford to lose , or sufficiently poor to desire to gain . mazarin ! ” “ death to the cardinal ! ” resounded on all sides . of advice , i am charmed to find that it has reached you ; that will spare me the troublesome and disagreeable task of coming to you for money myself . said de winter , rising	92.59736633300781
, “ i think the <unk> is going mad ! . ” the room , leaving to planchet and fourreau the duty of paying mortuary honors to brisemont . myself in the enemy ’ s ranks . ” . name of heaven ! ” said the wounded man , collecting all his forces , as if to get up , “ let us not lose time in useless words . , and relieve the sentinel , ” continued felton . had appreciated him at the first glance and who bore him a real affection , never ceased recommending him to the king . villefort , “ really , count , you frighten the ladies . ” wish , as your health absolutely requires it , that you should	72.7200927734375
rest for a fortnight . the eye of the prince . the most exact politeness and the most perfect calmness . , ” replied monte cristo . not rich and has need of his position as lieutenant to enable him to live . it is true . monte cristo was looking at the dreamer . he comes back you will kill him , you are so skillful and so brave . ” , ” said maximilian with a smile . battle having taken place , the princess opened her mouth as though to ask a question of interest ; but her lips closed again without articulating a word , while the color gradually faded from her cheeks . ” added the young man , turning to the two	59.939693450927734
guards , whom he introduced to his friends . struck , he entered with a swaggering air , attended by two of the most <unk> and <unk> of his boon companions . to the door and knocked down two of the soldiers who guarded it , before they had time to <unk> their muskets . done with your ecclesiastics ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . prudent you must not take me for a fool . look , a word , a gesture , this impetuous character , which yielded beneath the hand of a woman , and which beneath the hand of a man might have broken , but could never have been <unk> . young viscount , are you ? ” ’ artagnan , for he	56.355220794677734
became deadly pale ; doubtless the musketeer knew him , for his hair stood up on his head . ” said aramis impatiently . to all , and if thy father abandon thee , valentine , it is i , and i swear it , that shall pursue the assassin . ” business , if we please , in an hour , for i have received a letter from m. <unk> , in which he offers to purchase the good-will of the house , to unite with his own , for 300,000 francs . gesture , opened her robe , tore the cambric that covered her bosom , and red with feigned anger and <unk> shame , showed the young man the ineffaceable impression which dishonored that beautiful	106.64994049072266
shoulder . will tell you . , ” said he to athos and to his friends . lost , if by the least gesture you discover that you recognize him . ” black <unk> , and now they looked like birds skimming the surface of the waves . know these things as well as i do , since this gentleman has forewarned you , both as a doctor and as a friend . ” the captain , “ i make but one bargain ; and i have agreed with this young man that the other five hundred shall not be due to me till we arrive at boulogne . ” , if it is any satisfaction to you to do so ; but rely upon my obtaining the	62.63930892944336
reprieve i seek . ” as long as he is avenged ? wit , and a certain relative sensibility , which enables me to draw from life in general , for the support of mine , all i meet with that is good , like the monkey who cracks the nut to get at its contents . you are his nightmare . ” she had crossed the mind of d ’ artagnan when she drew the handkerchief from her pocket ; but what probability was there that mme . the gag in , grimaud . ” young traveler manifested so loudly for this man , <unk> rather improbable <unk> stolen his father ’ s letter from <unk> there not some perfidy concealed under this hatred ? looked at	147.04818725585938
him . d ’ artagnan had the longest head of the four , ” said athos , who , having uttered his opinion , to which d ’ artagnan replied with a bow , immediately resumed his accustomed silence . mousqueton , “ remember that bread is the true nourishment of a frenchman , who is not always able to get bread , ask grimaud . ” had <unk> , humble as he <unk> enemy of the cardinal ; that is to say , of a man before whom trembled the greatest men of the kingdom , beginning with the king . of the first families in italy , i think , did she not ? ” practiced upon the duke by the governor in return for the	61.69682312011719
insults of the innocent pistache . sure ! ” said d ’ artagnan , pressing athos ’ s hand . ” said the count , “ you are looking for the sailors . ” return ? ” ” he cried , as the two friends entered , “ you are very happy ! , as if crushed by this sentence . is indeed strange ! ” ” cried the stupefied musketeer . he , “ i hear a human <unk> ” edmond had not heard anyone speak save his jailer for four or five years ; and a jailer is no man to a <unk> is a living door , a barrier of flesh and blood adding strength to restraints of oak and iron . out the little	50.41926956176758
night lamp , then knelt down and poured into the lieutenant ’ s ear a recital <unk> enough not to require play of feature to give it <unk> . danglars . tell us you have procured a carriage ? ” asked albert , lighting his cigar . , effective as it was , did not escape the eyes of the young princess . the opera . ” the end ! young man ; he is said to be of good family and rich , but i never trust to vague assertions . , so long as they favor your suit ? ” ” start and drove off in the direction he was desired , never doubting but that the order had come from his master . , ”	88.02330017089844
answered the man . ” cried the jesuit . said the woman , crossing herself . and uttered a very feeble “ yes , ” but morrel , disengaging his hand , rushed to the bed , and after having pressed the cold lips of valentine with his own , <unk> left , uttering a long , deep groan of despair and anguish . the count of monte cristo ? ” continued the false abbé . an hour , and how many times had he , for pure pastime , continued in the water for more than twice as long ! sleeping ; two of them were singing in a corner , out of tune , the <unk> : “ on the rivers of babylon . ” from	81.89738464355469
her husband , you have assassinated her ; my name would have secured me the paternal estate , you have deprived me of it ; you have despoiled me of my fortune . your position magnificent ; and then the comte de morcerf is a soldier , and it is pleasing to see the <unk> of a bayard united to the poverty of a <unk> ; disinterestedness is the brightest ray in which a noble sword can shine . and pointed to two persons grouped at the foot of a tree . in repairing your negligence ? ” asked franz . ? ” he asked . name—— ” a half-pistole may have . come into your hands , mousqueton ? ” my life depends on your answer .	87.96321105957031
intoxicated with joy , electrified by love . and one musketeer was wounded . as if he wished to drink , and then pointed to his horse and <unk> like a man who is brushing something . and no one saw them go out . well , and enough for today ; before we proceed further , someone must be informed that you know the ravisher of your wife . ” the drawing-room by another door . ’ artagnan . ” poor catalan <unk> , without education or resources , make a fortune ? the most frightful sufferings , the abandonment of all those who loved me , the persecution of those who did not know me , formed the trials of my youth ; when suddenly ,	79.48333740234375
from captivity , solitude , misery , i was restored to light and liberty , and became the possessor of a fortune so brilliant , so unbounded , so unheard-of , that i must have been blind not to be conscious that god had endowed me with it to work out his own great designs . he closed his eyes and leaned upon the table . , monsieur ? ” , he <unk> at the mouth , whilst mine looks as if he had only just left the stable . terrible secret which she has sworn no one shall know without dying . me , if the child be not dead , ” said porthos . wait at table , and acquitted himself so admirably , that the	95.55567932128906
guest complimented his host thereupon . and ran to the window . ” he murmured , “ i am in the hands of the brigands of whom albert de morcerf <unk> ” his first idea was to breathe , that he might know whether he was wounded . him . the mortuary deposition . had rejoined his companions , who were already in the boat ; but when , after they had all got in , it came to his turn , there was great danger that in putting his huge leg over the edge of the boat he would upset the little vessel . the day , and the cold during the night tolerably well , but the third morning my horse died of cold . ”	91.64329528808594
! ” said porthos ; “ and if the cardinal asks for you , what answer can we make ? ” king , and you know laporte has told us twenty times that he himself is in need of almost everything . ” said athos , on perceiving the host . been these ten years , connected with the house of morrel & son , of marseilles . of reasons , you know . ” was closed : or rather he must be left quite alone ; and milady but obscurely perceived the means which could lead to this result . . on his manuscript , his cheek upon his hand , and looked intently at the young man for a moment . be over , and people	67.29914093017578
will hunt with <unk> , snares , and traps . yes . , villefort had narrowly watched the old man ’ s countenance . and forth . ” times that if you wish to die on that day , i will assist you . ” cried mordaunt , returning to the group surrounding the two friends . suspended from one of the branches of the oak which shaded his daughter ’ s grave . each other . the full project gutenberg™ license as specified in paragraph 1.e.1 . ” said porthos , wiping his forehead . ; villefort gazed at him as if he had some difficulty in recognizing him ; then , after a brief interval , during which the honest shipowner turned his hat in his	60.306427001953125
hands , the queen believe ? ” which in the first moment of strong emotion enables them to see distinctly , and which afterwards fails from being too much <unk> . father ! ” cried the young man , “ why should you not live ? ” mazarin , present at that audience , heard very well what those deputies demanded . ” exclaimed he , “ thank heaven i have arrived in time . . ” felton entered milady ’ s apartment he found her standing , mounted upon a chair , holding in her hands a cord made by means of torn cambric handkerchiefs , twisted into a kind of rope one with another , and tied at the ends . ? went out , telling	104.5682373046875
his host that he was going to pass the night at the duke of bracciano ’ s . say that i am certain m. de buckingham will be prevented from setting out by some great event . mind was never more fertile in resources than in critical emergencies , swore again that he would try all <unk> means to prevent the <unk> of the bloody tragedy . reason for her affection , for marie was devoted to <unk> to that degree that she served her as medium of intercourse with her brother , the king of spain . ” and raised his eyes and arms towards heaven . the hotel de la chevrette . he lifted the gourd to his mouth ; then paused with hand in <unk>	96.90294647216797
. he to the procureur , whose heart beat so loudly that it might almost be heard , “ here is in this cup some syrup of violets , and this decanter contains the remainder of the lemonade of which m. noirtier and barrois partook . had come for the purpose of shooting goats , which he had utterly forgotten . a feeling of such complete felicity that his mind was fairly dazzled in its contemplation . dear enough to be afraid of death . ” when are we to go ? ” asked athos . your service , m. morrel , ” answered danglars . chamber without noise , leaving my charming companion asleep . d ’ artagnan was left alone with raoul . those sudden inspirations	109.69385528564453
which only people of genius receive in great <unk> , in supreme moments which are to decide their fortunes or their lives . , rosy in color , and looks as if efforts had been made to efface it by the application of <unk> ? ” , and saw the sickly countenance of la carconte peering between the baluster <unk> ; attracted by the sound of voices , she had feebly dragged herself down the stairs , and , seated on the lower step , head on knees , she had listened to the foregoing conversation . , working at a list of pensions and <unk> , of which he was trying to reduce the number . musketeer , i think , ” said the cardinal . doubt	109.4343032836914
, <unk> , if we write to lord de winter about affairs of vast importance , of the horrors of the <unk> ” to parry this unexpected blow ; the monarchy he had scarcely <unk> tottered on its precarious foundation , and at a sign from the emperor the <unk> structure of ancient prejudices and new ideas fell to the ground . other object in coming to england but to see me ? ” he , when franz had finished , “ what do you think of that ? ” had been <unk> faithful servant , a friend , a helping <unk> to have fallen from heaven just when he expected it the least . ” and that was that he was observing me . the traveller reached	85.78115844726562
the <unk> . the courts of the palais royal , where there still remained some of the <unk> of late guests , they entered the garden and reached the little gate . the moon , lessened by its decline , and reddened by the last traces of the storm , arose behind the little town of armentières , which showed against its pale light the dark outline of its houses , and the skeleton of its high belfry . from parliament summoned the citizens to lay down their arms and <unk> the barricades . this journey , of which the day before he had not even thought and which had not occurred to andrea either , by the arrival of bertuccio from normandy with intelligence respecting the house	115.6701889038086
and sloop . of god and death , as he has spoken to many another dying man , not understanding that this one leaves his throne to an usurper , his children to the cold contempt of public charity . ” see ; i promise you i will sustain my part to admiration . ” the abbé , becoming more and more fixed , seemed to rest with ill-concealed satisfaction on the gloomy depression which was rapidly spreading over the countenance of caderousse . had not yet sufficiently recovered from her late emotion to allow of her entertaining visitors so immediately , retired to her bedroom , while the procureur , who could better depend upon himself , proceeded at once to the salon . officer making his	167.52481079101562
night rounds , ” said athos . that franz recognized him ; and yet he had not let fall a single word indicating any previous acquaintance between them . , ” cried debray . mass . , madame , ” replied villefort , “ to add my earnest request to mademoiselle de saint-méran ’ s , that you will kindly allow the veil of <unk> to cover and conceal the past . . never to say anything of you , never to do anything against you ; on your side , a solemn oath to remain neutral with respect to me . scene had not occurred in daylight , for it was curious to see this rascal throwing himself heavily down on the cushion beside the young and	115.15469360351562
elegant driver of the tilbury . prince , he is wrong not to maintain his rank ; i do not like anyone to deny his origin . ” . ” but you are not— ” delight , and , springing forwards , seized the hand extended towards him , and imprinted on it a fervent and <unk> kiss . me , ’ said he ; ‘ you have no right , for you are not my father . ’ t remember ? ” have not named her ! ” interrupted the young man , warmly . lend him the twenty francs , ” said the keeper , leaning on the other shoulder ; “ surely you will not refuse a comrade ! ” only crimes , ” said	56.61219024658203
she : “ there are certain virtues which he pursues more severely than certain <unk> . ” find any opportunity of saying something in my <unk> ” ease , a mystery hung over this dark affair , and the public rumor was , that cæsar , a better politician than his father , had carried off from the pope the fortune of the two cardinals . extended ; then , striking his forehead , he exclaimed : captain of the post advanced at the head of a dozen men , holding a lantern in his hand . <unk> of france . ” as at first , and the witnesses , seeing he did not move , approached and endeavored to raise him , but the one who passed	86.45926666259766
his arm around the body found it was moistened with blood . this gascon upon me ? . ” he said , “ for a terror i can not blame them for ; from being suspected they have become suspicious . ” act as sentinels . time to <unk> , and then said : , ” said the curate , shaking his head sorrowfully . ? ” franz . thought and in silence , began to take off the robes of state he had assumed in order to be present at the sitting of parliament , and to attire himself in the military coat , which he wore with a certain degree of easy grace , owing to his former campaigns in italy . the staircase creak on	79.80047607421875
its <unk> clock gave its warning to strike <unk> door of his study opened . ; he saw that he was no match for monte cristo in an argument of this sort , and he therefore hastened to turn to subjects more <unk> . easy . the headsman of bethune , without mercy or pity , and he was the least guilty of you all . ” go , just god ? ” method i have adopted with this boy is decidedly the best . repeated the monk , bending over him as if to tear from him the name if he would not utter it ; “ her name ! criminal law , and , consequently , you understand its full application . ” s name ,	113.54705047607422
and i do not choose that the shadow of disgrace should <unk> it . supper . ” , and after five minutes ’ discussion a manœuvre was executed which caused the vessel to tack about , they returned the way they had come , and in a few minutes the fire disappeared , hidden by an elevation of the land . his eyes on his <unk> horace , muttered : , which gave him the appearance of a respectable citizen . . ” assemblage of guests under a battery of curious glances towards madame de morcerf , who , standing before a mantle-piece ornamented with flowers , had seen his entrance in a looking-glass placed opposite the door , and was prepared to receive him . must be	106.7171401977539
the devil in person ! ” cried the stranger . same hand which unintentionally struck barrois has now attacked valentine ? ” is so serious and important that i have not informed my friends that i would <unk> this secret to you ; and for a captain ’ s commission i would not write it . ” , my lord ? ” said athos , “ and what puts you out of breath thus ? ” crime you are to-day engaged ? <unk> , ” said lord wilmore , “ and as he is an expert chemist and <unk> , he has invented a new system of <unk> , which he is seeking to bring to perfection . ” he wrote , implored , threatened , and so	71.40713500976562
<unk> , that on the second restoration he was persecuted as a bonapartist . , is this assassin , this murderer ? ” my father , and who always intended , sooner or later , to sell me again to my original proprietor , as they have now done , calculated that , in order to make the most of their bargain , it would be politic to leave me in possession of all my personal and hereditary worth , and even to increase the value , if possible . . cab to the passage , on the other side of which she found her carriage , and her coachman sleeping peacefully on his box while waiting for her . d ’ artagnan ! ” said athos .	84.34117889404297
received all who came ; he had an excuse for not eating any more ; the doctor had put him on a <unk> . ” to my wishes . moment that m. de tréville , on leaving the residence of the <unk> and the governor of fort l ’ evêque without being able to find athos , arrived at the palace . speculate ? ” going their rounds . ” two objects in a safe place , nor should i accept them if the resources of our ancient fortune were left to us , but our estates are confiscated , our ready money is exhausted , and we are reduced to turn to service everything we possess . ” said the count , turning pale ; “ but	88.0193099975586
you know the guilty do not like to find themselves convicted . ” villefort , who was the first to break the silence , “ i consider that i am the best judge of the propriety of the marriage in question . dying with hunger . ” ’ s room was full of pictures and mottoes . fetch that letter under the fire of the bastion ? ” and showed me an order and i followed him . them , then tremble , sir . is perfectly just , ” cried m. de boville . bent <unk> had not seen the italian ’ s smile ; but finding that her question elicited no reply she looked up . monte cristo , “ it will be the way ,	60.871097564697266
everybody says , of <unk> your fortune in twelve months . , we must fire again . resumed d ’ artagnan , “ to this <unk> is probably added poverty , for he must have neglected the little that he had , and the dirty scoundrel , grimaud , more taciturn than ever and still more drunken than his <unk> , planchet , it breaks my heart to merely think of it . ” aramis , that is another thing , ” said porthos , “ and it wouldn ’ t surprise me at all . ” ” , not knowing where he was . aramis arrived ; he was dressed as an officer and had the old sword at his side which he had drawn so often	74.35821533203125
and which he was more than ever ready to draw . not to understand me , and you understand me so well that you already yield , dear maximilian . you , count , ” said he , bowing , “ that i have received a letter of advice from thomson & french , of rome . ” with her own money , not mine ; nevertheless , you can understand that when 700,000 francs leave the wife ’ s pocket , the husband always finds it out . he had received . knife ! ” aramis , seated in a melancholy manner at his window , looking out , like sister anne , at the dust in the horizon . that handkerchief signify ? ” a man	62.02684783935547
, and a violent one , too . ” do not recollect telling you that . ” ” said aramis , “ toward him i should be very likely to practice such delicacy of sentiment ! said aramis . i expected nothing less from the justice of your majesty . she , seizing the count ’ s hand and raising it to her lips ; “ oh , thank you , thank you , edmond ! so <unk> by d ’ artagnan the elder served as an object of ridicule to the musketeers of tréville , who cracked their jokes upon his <unk> legs and his crooked back . , ” said d ’ artagnan , then first thinking of the costume he found himself in , “	51.67607498168945
that ’ s true . then , ” said aramis . said the sentry , ‘ you may now go on . ’ easy , ” said the captain of a vessel ready to set sail , “ but this morning came an order to let no one leave without express permission from the cardinal . ” esteem . ” sir . ” and you must take him as you find him . ” <unk> pleased that i wished to congratulate you ; but as i am not quite properly dressed , i chose my opportunity , that i might not compromise you . ” , ” said danglars , mentally , “ all has gone as i would have it . ’ s visit was due to	44.96758270263672
a double feeling of curiosity , the larger half of which sentiment emanated from the rue de la chaussée d ’ antin . that draws me naturally into the service of the cardinal ; but i serve the one with joy and the other against my will . prevent mm . judge in his own cause , monsieur , and will believe what he will say . ” ! ” and while saying these words , she absolutely devoured her by her looks . ! you saved , was it not ? ” cried morcerf ; “ it was for him that you obtained pardon ? ” sent home two hours before from the hôtel de ville , telling him to sit up for him , opened the	81.61937713623047
door for him . accident . planchet , “ i ’ ve a man behind me . ” raising of the famous dyke which was to starve la rochelle . passing that in this fight perished the baron de chantal ; that the baron de chantal left a little orphan girl eighteen months old , and that this little girl was afterward mme . aside . woman was in to convey to the queen the excellent news of the happy return of her messenger prevented the two lovers from exchanging more than a few words . _coupé_ , calm and smiling , and was at home in five minutes . ” said bertuccio , “ this man with this spotless <unk> ” ! ” said he ; “	104.01469421386719
it is the day my father was <unk> ” valentine and villefort were dumb ; the eye of the old man alone seemed to say clearly , “ go on . ” dear count , ” said he , “ the ceremony is to take place this evening . literary archive foundation bertuccio , ” said the count , “ i now advise you to go in <unk> of the little estate i spoke to you of in normandy . ” to madame danglars , who had already risen to take her leave , and went out . ! at them both with indescribable pleasure . <unk> recommend our young friend to madame de longueville , who will give him a letter to her brother , the prince	35.776065826416016
, who loves her too tenderly not to do what she wishes immediately . ” the countess ; she took it , or rather just touched it with her little hand , and they together descended the steps , lined with rhododendrons and camellias . married ? ” to this honest fellow , ” replied raoul , taking a pistole from his pocket . return to paris , athos to take measures preparatory to an interview with the queen . retreated as far as the ditch , from which each took a concealed musket ; the result was that our seven travelers were <unk> in weapons . ” cried the abbé . flame continued for two hours ; the corso was light as day ; the features of	103.57939147949219
the spectators on the third and fourth stories were visible . each other in their turn with frowning brows . here , ” replied the concierge ; “ but—— ” added he , glancing an inquiring look at ali . . reflection . ” asked athos ; “ how is it that i have not seen him ? ” been stolen from you . ” heel without reply , and almost at the same instant the captain of the guards , m. de guitant , announced the visit of the chancellor . for instantly . ” ” said he ; “ here is a soup which is rather inviting . ” know what was in that casket ? ” grant me that it is acting with an ill	48.41307067871094
grace to offer to the lord only that with which we are perfectly disgusted ! to blame for not assisting him , if the young man really needed your help in that quarter , but , happily for me , he can dispense with it . ” are we not pretty good christians ? ” had noticed all . ; aramis instantly seized and read it . room ? ” cried athos . loud acclamations were heard . a second view than it had done at their first rapid survey . them . at the door of his own house , which adjoined the palais de justice , he entered , after having , coldly saluted the shipowner , who stood , as if petrified , on the	106.3739013671875
spot where villefort had left him . , and let the lovers make love without interruption . around attentively . chatillon , “ if you bring bad tidings it will be cruel in you to announce them to the queen . ” ” we will go into paris . and signed , then the representative . could reach her friend , the procureur had found time to whisper to madame danglars , “ i must speak to you . ” to his brow ; there was no doubt upon the subject . returning in a few seconds . each other , ” replied monte cristo ; “ i introduce no one , and certainly not m. cavalcanti . ” ” heart of charles . ? ” service ,	50.324153900146484
the queen , seeing comminges standing near her , waiting for a confirmation of the order she had given him before quitting the louvre , said in a whisper : to you , ” said the count , “ that i lay yearly aside a certain sum for each servant in my establishment ; those whom i am compelled to dismiss lose ( as a matter of course ) all participation in this money , while their portion goes to the fund accumulating for those domestics who remain with me , and among whom it will be divided at my death . was one of the friends of m. de tréville , and consequently , that he belonged body and soul to the king ; which would make	119.99554443359375
him lose a part of his advantage , since when known to milady as he knew her , he played only an equal game with her . ” said the cardinal , “ i know of whom you speak . ” . that he can count on you ? ” attack of catalepsy , i should have conducted you to monte cristo ; now , ” he added , with a sigh , “ it is you who will conduct me thither . one she wished for most , but it seemed as if a part of her past life had returned to her . , ” answered athos ; “ madame henrietta is almost no longer queen . ” he said , “ with that light dress	52.3284797668457
, and without anything to cover you but that gauze scarf , perhaps you feel cold ? ” he , “ that man has been here . ” satisfy himself that it really belongs to us , he wishes you to relate to him , as i have done already , the miraculous manner in which the diamond came into our possession . must first say if you declare yourself for the king of a day who now reigns , or for his majesty the emperor . ” , for there could be no deception in the expression of that voice ; it was a friend who spoke thus . they informed him that they were resolved not to pay this tax , even if they were obliged	82.71800231933594
to defend themselves against its <unk> by force of arms . involved matters of gravest consequence , it was these to which the prince had especially desired an answer , exact , precise , positive . friends are detained at the siege of la rochelle . ” . ” more reasonable ? ” , and eugénie is only seventeen ; but the two months expire next week . civilized man ; he was a tiger hurt unto death , gnashing his teeth in his wound . us all , and we avow it to you ! ” , ” said mordaunt , advancing a few steps to the door by which he had entered . porthos , casting a glance at the three hungry <unk> the errand boy	123.70848083496094
, as might be expected , was not admitted to the honors of the magisterial table , “ in my cousin ’ s place , i would not keep such <unk> ! government a million of francs for his release ; the second , two ; the third , three ; and so on <unk> . finished his bottle and eaten his pie ; the horses were also refreshed . happened to the young count de guiche ? ” she asked ; “ for not only is he our servant , as you say , sir , but <unk> is one of our friends . ” in that . , she was there , ” replied milady ; “ but the queen has obtained an order from the	56.53145217895508
king by means of which she has been conveyed to a convent . ” m. de villefort has been telling me ? ” demanded monte cristo “ and what incomprehensible <unk> ” horror . she arose and welcomed him with a smile peculiar to herself , expressive at once of the most implicit obedience and also of the deepest love . piastres were wanting to them both to make up the sum that albert required . , and they set off at a rapid pace . baron ? ” he exclaimed . letter he had received from the viscount , in which , without assigning any reason , he begged him to go to the opera , but he understood that something terrible was brooding . room .	75.5561294555664
” said the host , “ he ’ s not quite dumb . <unk> was heard . ” continued the count , “ complaints are unavailing , be a man , be strong , be full of hope , for i am here and will watch over you . ” the gallows hung in the middle of the room , the loop made , and when the duke had cast a glance upon the plate of crawfish , in order to select the finest specimen among them , he looked around for his piece of glass ; it had disappeared . andrea , “ what do you want ? ” by which you swear ? ” asked mazarin , smiling . ” cried he at length . of	40.04969024658203
d ’ artagnan , the shutter remained closed . that ’ s all . come back as minister , come back surrounded with guards who will defend you , with servants who will watch over you , and then i shall no longer fear for your days , and i shall be happy in seeing you . ” an idea of the perfect change that had taken place . the matter ? ” ask him how he had slept . d ’ artagnan . obliged to own that andrea ought to have felt remorse , but that he did not . seemed completely bewildered . rode toward the tall <unk> the man of importance and his valets . equal to all the requirements , for a canal between	63.50355529785156
beaucaire and <unk> had <unk> transportation by <unk> boats for the cart and the <unk> . d ’ artagnan , “ pardon me , madame , if , guardsman as i am , i remind you of <unk> , i believe we are not here in a very proper place for <unk> <unk> . not hear all we said ? ” inquired caderousse . athos . great desire to drink the king ’ s health , ” said athos . <unk> , the <unk> <unk> les <unk> , crossed one another in the air . ” ( coming ) exclaimed peppino , who from frequenting the house of signor pastrini understood french perfectly in all its <unk> . his pocket ; the three friends surrounded him , and	61.17621994018555
the three lackeys grouped themselves again near the wine <unk> . god who hears us , that on the contrary i am a fervent catholic ! ” ! he added to aramis , who had moved to leave the room . excellent one to the citizens , who , seeing the <unk> without escort and unarmed , would never have believed in the possibility of so great an imprudence . who he is ? ” eyes were all the time riveted on the door , through which he hoped succor would arrive . carried off your wife ? ” ! ” cried milady , seeing that on this point as on the other lord de winter seemed well instructed . you , peppino , ” said the count	76.8173599243164
. minister , then ? ” said mazarin . , ” continued porthos , becoming more and more melancholy . a time when i little thought i should ever be able to accomplish it , ” said the unknown with a singular smile ; “ and i made some others also which i hope i may fulfil in due season . ” when i pass the threshold of this house . ” ! ” cried m. de tréville , looking at the clock ; “ why , that ’ s impossible ! ” sure , she is not happy , ” said caderousse . , with his back leaning against the wall and his hands hanging down , exactly on the spot where the guards placed him .	42.387969970703125
a bonapartist agent . ” ? ” us talk . ” , madame . more and more , his white lips and clenched teeth filled dantès with apprehension . directed the assassin ’ s dagger so as to end your career in a moment , has given you this quarter of an hour for repentance . the english nebuchadnezzar , ” replied the staunch puritan . strike seven . your <unk> ” , lend me twenty francs , so that i may buy a dressing-gown ; it is <unk> always to be in a coat and boots ! mme . <unk> his decision , and , indeed , that he might not allow his thoughts to be distracted from his desperate resolution , he bent over the appalling	86.28764343261719
shroud , opened it with the knife which faria had made , drew the corpse from the sack , and bore it along the tunnel to his own chamber , laid it on his couch , tied around its head the rag he wore at night around his own , covered it with his <unk> , once again kissed the <unk> brow , and tried vainly to close the resisting eyes , which glared horribly , turned the head towards the wall , so that the jailer might , when he brought the evening meal , believe that he was asleep , as was his frequent custom ; entered the tunnel again , drew the bed against the wall , returned to the other cell , took from	121.45037078857422
the hiding-place the needle and thread , flung off his rags , that they might feel only naked flesh beneath the coarse canvas , and getting inside the sack , placed himself in the posture in which the dead body had been laid , and sewed up the mouth of the sack from the inside . ” with our neighbors , the english , an <unk> influence which darkened his countenance ; for the sadness generally became more intense toward the fine season of the year . fellow , that friend caderousse . ” uniform as your eminence possesses , i protest i should be <unk> content , and i would take an oath never to wear any other <unk> ” said the procurator ’ s wife ,	112.52007293701172
“ will you have the kindness to offer me your arm for five minutes ? fairfax was called , one of those brief but solemn <unk> ensued , which announced the absence of the members who had no wish to take a personal part in the trial . offend the good god . treacherous scoundrels ! ” exclaimed dantès , pressing his hand to his throbbing brows . must be so severely punished by the loss of your love that he stands in need of no other chastisement . ” his friend by an affirmative nod of the head . this money ? ” , sir , ” continued the president , with a calmness still more terrible than the general ’ s anger , “ i advise	81.1484603881836
you not to touch your <unk> ” the general looked around him with slight uneasiness ; however he did not yield , but calling up all his fortitude , said , — “ i will not swear . ” authority here ! ” answered a deep voice , which seemed to proceed from a cloud , so enveloped was the cavalier in a whirlwind of dust . the mouth of the messenger himself . ” more <unk> . ” ” said the president , rising with gravity , “ be careful what you say ; your words clearly show us that they are deceived concerning you in the island of elba , and have deceived us ! with all his appointments and furniture . ” severest cold ,	68.45879364013672
was obliged for want of fire to remain in bed . the ground . the headsman of bethune . ” ’ said the jeweller , <unk> with rain , ‘ i am not destined to return to beaucaire tonight . nanette , her eyes flashing with anger and a <unk> in her hand . ” the advice of my hostess , while <unk> the conjugal designs of this <unk> apparition . ” he leaped lightly into the saddle and set out at full gallop ; only instead of following the road , he went across the fields , urging his horse to the utmost and stopping occasionally to listen . he stretched forth his hand , took one up , and murmured his daughter ’ s name .	82.40757751464844
my <unk> , ” said madame de villefort to monte cristo , leaning back on her sofa and motioning towards valentine with her hand . . the hand and led him into the drawing-room , where there were several people . hastened to meet him . one grand point . ” ” said the count . may catch him yet . ” the palais royal , formerly styled the palais cardinal , a man was sitting in deep reverie , his head supported on his hands , leaning over a gilt and inlaid table which was covered with letters and papers . , you have still on your brow your master ’ s blood ! that olivain had not been taught in the school of the <unk> and	53.028690338134766
the <unk> . you are in more danger riding than on foot . ” have the honor to relate it to your majesty . ” be tired , and so did the curate . or twenty millions , ” said andrea with a look sparkling with joy . cried d ’ artagnan , who knew beforehand that he had not much to risk in engaging himself thus . , is that mine , too ? ” went down from the scaffold in his turn and took his way to the hotel , whistling the air of a song in praise of cromwell . , and continued : in the morning somebody endeavored to open the door ; but as planchet awoke in an instant and cried , “	49.47793960571289
who goes there ? ” somebody replied that he was mistaken , and went away . than ten minutes in the drawing-room before he drew danglars aside into the recess of a <unk> , and , after an ingenious preamble , related to him all his <unk> and cares since his noble father ’ s departure . him in a low voice , and the king was very pale . no one has seen him . seen , only they heard the galloping draw nearer . of the <unk> fragments in his bed , leaving the rest on the floor . the state of the case of his old friend , who confirmed the statement of d ’ artagnan . a long time , i said ; you	53.06739044189453
ought , then , to have a good hand . ” , and cast around her one of those piercing looks which seemed to dart from an eye of flame . was talked of in paris but the ball which the aldermen of the city were to give to the king and queen , and in which their majesties were to dance the famous la <unk> favorite ballet of the king . the men stopped short , respectfully . convent . ” mother . ” this morning , ” replied château-renaud , “ that he would meet us on the ground . ” time i have done so for sixteen days . ” d ’ artagnan , ” said aramis ; “ believe me , i am glad	53.6635856628418
to see you . ” he , “ we have at <unk> , <unk> ’ s tower ; at <unk> , tasso ’ s prison ; at <unk> , the room of <unk> and <unk> . ” presents <unk> if they should <unk> ” count ! for you . duchess . ” out a piercing glance darted through the opening of the nearly closed door , and she perceived felton , who drew quickly to one side to prevent being seen by her . her figure and the perfumes she had about her , that she was young and fastidious in her tastes , but that was all . ! ” told him he had had no detailed account , and he was now quite convinced that the	58.94292068481445
general had been present at the execution , hidden behind some screen or curtain . father ! ” said andrea in a loud voice , in order that the count might hear him in the next room , “ is it really you ? ” making signs to another at my left , and turning around i recognized the honest grimaud . you fool ! —what should you know about it ? —why , you were drunk ! ” with bare sword was <unk> the musketeers behind the king and opposite the benches . of affairs up to the early days of february . on his lips , uttered in the depths of his soul a groan which would have made villefort fly had he but heard it	114.1225357055664
. his eyes , it was the sign agreed on between him and valentine when he wanted anything . ” said d ’ artagnan , sorrowfully ; “ and you abuse my love . ” flattering to the feelings of the rabbits into whose heads he has thrust pins , to the fowls whose bones he has dyed red , and to the dogs whose spinal marrow he has <unk> out ? ” ” replied the faithful cloak bearer of anne of austria , “ but too late , perhaps . ” window in this wall . ” peace and happiness , ” whispered julie to monte cristo . her gratitude ; but shall i likewise return worthy of your love ? ” done with considering ! expression	118.47913360595703
of his countenance , but i felt the arm tremble upon which my hand was placed . have been cut with scissors . ” clerk ceased to move over the paper ; he raised his head , and appearing to be perfectly sure of <unk> : winter , “ it appears to me like a bar of red color . ” mine , or else become a stockbroker . ” , milady was admirably acquainted with this part of france . . ” the paper he put spurs to his horse , which leaped in astonishment at such an unusual <unk> , and shot away with the rapidity of an arrow . receive it from your father personally , but lord wilmore will be the security for the	82.48140716552734
money . could have any suspicion . d ’ artagnan possessed that invincible stock of resolution which the counsels of his father had implanted in his heart : “ endure nothing from anyone but the king , the cardinal , and monsieur de <unk> ” he flew , then , rather than walked , toward the convent of the carmes <unk> , or rather <unk> , as it was called at that period , a sort of building without a window , surrounded by barren <unk> accessory to the <unk> , and which was generally employed as the place for the duels of men who had no time to lose . the thief in a trap and plays a tune . in the collection are in the public	81.68852996826172
domain in the united states . her secret , her terrible <unk> secret she concealed even from her maid with such care , the secret of which all the world was ignorant , except himself . think so , ” answered the other ; “ he ’ s too stupid to imagine such a scheme . notary , who confirmed the news that the contract was to be signed that evening . . ” keep your promise of introducing me to the fair subject of our remarks ? ” than that , ” replied morcerf , “ for i caught one . ” said milady , in a quick tone , but so piercing that d ’ artagnan heard her in the antechamber . have been in prison	54.421844482421875
, and that from the conversation of monsieur the <unk> amiable man . ” is it ? ” refer ? ! mind that he would go to the palais-cardinal , and that he would learn what his eminence had to say to him . , addressing raoul , “ if you are not too tired , follow me . ” , he fixed his eyes upon the gloomy prison . on the part of the government to make friends everywhere . looks out upon a kind of open gallery , where patrols are continually passing , and <unk> keep watch day and night . ” and deep interest the young girl , absorbed by her affection , and he also , like morrel , followed those traces of	66.61760711669922
inward suffering which was so little perceptible to a common observer that they escaped the notice of everyone but the grandfather and the lover . de morcerf invites me . ” to keep himself shut up in his little room . ” from boulogne . discuss seriously his right to the <unk> chair when they were informed that dinner was ready . the cardinal had persuaded him to employ this long dissimulation of seven or eight days , which , likewise , was characteristic . ’ s hand and kissed it respectfully . replied the count , ‘ are we not in carnival time ? ’ d ’ artagnan , “ though i shall not have you , athos , at all events i shall have that dear	96.3746337890625
<unk> head by me ; and though he ’ s but a boy , yet , since your soul lives again in him , dear athos , i shall always fancy that you are near me , sustaining and encouraging me . ” poor friend , that i am sometimes bereft of my ordinary <unk> ; perhaps i am wrong in speaking thus to you , who have evidently a leaning to mazarin . ” morcerf . ” considerable crowd was assembled , towards ten o ’ clock in the morning , around the door of m. de villefort ’ s house , and a long file of mourning-coaches and private carriages extended along the faubourg saint-honoré and the rue de la <unk> . with you for watching	77.32959747314453
over yourselves , when you watch so carefully over others . his _moccoletto_ in his hand . fixed for twelve o ’ clock , an hour previous to that time the balcony was filled with impatient and <unk> guests , consisting of the favored part of the crew of the _pharaon_ , and other personal friends of the bridegroom , the whole of whom had arrayed themselves in their <unk> costumes , in order to do greater honor to the occasion . which the plenipotentiaries are , ” asked athos , “ belongs to—— ” one at this moment ; but by this evening there will be four . ” ? see . there ? ” , like that which precedes some awful phenomenon of nature , pervaded	90.82109832763672
the assembly , who shuddered in dismay . day for tours , and was allowed eight days for performing his commission . in the name of the interest with which i inspire you , in the name of the service you have rendered me and which i never shall forget while i have life . knew me , do you let me die ? ” . the culprit , if you find him , i will say to you , ‘ you are a magistrate , do as you will ! ’ ” ” replied albert , “ i was announcing your visit to some of my friends , whom i had invited in consequence of the promise you did me the honor to make , and whom	52.64433670043945
i now present to you . use for you to know anything about it , ” said the young woman , whom an instinctive mistrust now impelled to draw back . the count ; “ a felon named caderousse. ” danglars turned slightly pale ; andrea reached the anteroom beyond the little drawing-room . , ” said athos , “ are many , but be assured we shall take no improper advantage of them . ” exists . ” in the matter has been child ’ s play . will put her to bed . ” the king , who honored highly , as everyone knows , the memory of his father , henry iv . i thought the whole thing was a joke , nothing more .	82.69102478027344
danglars , “ i can , when circumstances render it desirable , adopt your system , although it may not be my general practice . gestures of the <unk> , my horse sprang into the water . repeat , the longest head of the four , and for my part i declare that i will obey him . half-open eyes , to answer this noisy summons , and d ’ artagnan sprang with such violence into the room as nearly to overturn the astonished lackey . said athos , rising ; but he sank down again immediately . ? ” inquired the king , of villefort . she should not be disturbed ; and when all was arranged , he went out quietly with the soldiers . is	78.73486328125
allowed to one of god ’ s creatures to be on this earth ; but say out all you think , d ’ artagnan , for you have not yet done so . ” since declared yourself the friend of that person , he thinks it his duty to respond to that friendship by sending you important information . their lackeys leading their horses , took their way to the town of béthune , whose outskirts they perceived , and stopped before the first inn they came to . , will you come ? ” cried milady . , do you think that can be possible ? ” haydée , “ we halted on our march , and found ourselves on the borders of a lake . he	72.61506652832031
to the abbé , “ i am anxious to see your treasures . ” the gate , and no one whom we do not know shall pass . ” garden <unk> the dead roses ; my brother is reading his two papers , _la <unk> and <unk> <unk> , within six steps of her ; for wherever you see madame herbault , you have only to look within a circle of four yards and you will find m. emmanuel , and ‘ reciprocally , ’ as they say at the <unk> school . ” then , sir ? ” cried dantès joyfully . such an extraordinary person , that i would not answer for it . ” had i placed any confidence in presentiments , but now i	82.98851013183594
can not help believing them , valentine . any suspicion against one of my musketeers , ” said tréville , “ the justice of monsieur the cardinal is so well known that i demand an inquiry . ” the sunday following i did return to him . sort of dark room , <unk> with papers . longer our home ! ” porthos ; “ she has ordered relays of horses . ” saw him pass in his new uniform and on his fine horse . does not date from our days ; as soon as societies , in forming , had invented any kind of police , that police invented <unk> . , ” said groslow . , ” said caderousse . , my brave athos will die	88.87088012695312
! ” and i will put it in the place of the name of charlotte backson . in safety in a convent ; she is at béthune ! d ’ artagnan , “ i doubt what you say ! eminence will give you all that you <unk> , money , and titles . ” the small cup which contained the substance so <unk> , took a <unk> of the magic sweetmeat , raised it to his lips , and swallowed it slowly with his eyes half shut and his head bent backwards . are ; it is not very difficult to discover that. ” and the young girl smiled on her grandfather , as if he had been a child . her throbbing heart , and at the	54.55077362060547
distance of a few paces i saw my father , who was glancing anxiously around . of one thing—that those who laugh at him in his presence will never laugh a second time . ” will you accord him hospitality ? good host , ” said d ’ artagnan , filling the two glasses , “ i asked for a bottle of your best wine , and if you have deceived me , you will be punished in what you have sinned ; for seeing that i hate drinking by myself , you shall drink with me . said de guiche , “ confess well that brave man ; and be not concerned for your expenses or for those of your mule ; all is paid . ”	71.01142120361328
franz and the count , descended the staircase , crossed the square chamber , where stood all the bandits , hat in hand . ” ejaculated athos . ” said monte cristo gravely , “ you must have seen before today that at all times and in all places i have been at your disposal , but the service which you have just demanded of me is one which it is out of my power to render you . ” i think , a sterlet , ” said château-renaud . are you , then , madame ? ” asked felton , with an astonishment which in spite of the empire he held over himself he could not entirely conceal . ’ clock . instant the poet closed his	54.070743560791016
manuscript , upon the cover of which was written “ <unk> , a tragedy in five acts , ” and raised his head . the old man . <unk> <unk> <unk> le <unk> the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> . ” me the remedy i have twice successfully taken , was no other than the celebrated cabanis , and he predicted a similar end for me . ” was known as a familiar of the house , went straight to his office , and sent word that he wished to see him on something of importance . me . , see ! ” constance . . ” masters . ” dangerous kind , i give you notice . ” , the half that was <unk> understand ; it was	79.68028259277344
exquisite , sir . asked athos . the king , “ i was unjust ; here is a creature that loves me . . ” said athos , exchanging a smile with d ’ artagnan and aramis , “ it is very clear you acted nobly with regard to the poor lad ; that is like a good master . ” remembered the languishing glances of kitty , her constantly meeting him in the antechamber , the corridor , or on the stairs , those touches of the hand every time she met him , and her deep sighs ; but absorbed by his desire to please the great lady , he had disdained the _soubrette_ . daughter to the baron franz d ’ épinay , because i	63.35855484008789
consider it would be a proper and <unk> match for her to make , and , in short , because i choose to bestow my daughter ’ s hand on <unk> i please . ” , ” said he , lowering the point of his spit , “ where is this letter ? ” is worth at least five-and-twenty pistoles . athos , with his habitual exactitude , was waiting on the pont du louvre and was almost immediately joined by lord de winter . as favorably received by you as the rest of the letter ? ” he stooped and raised the stone easily in spite of its weight ; then , fitting it into its place , he said : but the friends of aramis were	71.13227081298828
not at all convinced by his <unk> , and one of them addressed the young musketeer with affected seriousness . society in paris at the period we bring before our readers , when monte cristo went one evening to pay m. danglars a visit . in believing that cavalcanti to be a stingy fellow . the side of a pillar . . . ” friend . , that young man whom my friend the count of monte cristo has received into his house , and who is going to marry mademoiselle danglars ? ” king asked the cardinal when this fête should take place ; and every day the cardinal , under some pretext , deferred fixing it . d ’ artagnan , taking the man for a	63.89836502075195
thief and seizing his sword . , ” said athos , sighing ; “ the past and the future . ” since we have had a battle , eh , porthos ? ” kill you , ” replied the abbé . the cardinal , the queen resumed her way to the chamber in which she had dressed , and where she was to take off her costume . smiling as it was , became clouded . much he allows the young man ? ” this impatience to return toward paris had for a cause the danger which mme . way for your majesty to escape . each other had become a necessity , and they would have preferred death to a day ’ s separation . after rescuing	60.21508026123047
the infant from its living grave , you did not restore it to its mother ? milady , “ since you are as generous as you are <unk> ” a moment , then an expression of sublime resignation appeared in his eyes , and with a slow and sad gesture he took off his two <unk> , the insignia of his rank . ’ s welfare , madame , ” replied mazarin , fixing his penetrating eyes on the queen , “ there is no sacrifice that i would not make . ” beauchamp to albert ; “ i shall not go to the chamber , but i have something better to offer my readers than a speech of m. danglars . ” we go higher , so	49.441162109375
that we have a spiral which in defiance of reason rests upon the <unk> and not on the base . , he saw albert drinking a glass of water , of which , to judge from his pallor , he stood in great need ; and the count , who was assuming his masquerade costume . was just enough room for a man to pass . pointed him out to me one day . ” a word of what you may see or what you may hear ( for you will look and you will listen , i am quite sure , however we may threaten you ) , you are <unk> ’ at these words he threw me a crown , which i picked up , and	78.67725372314453
he took the ladder . the government is rich and does not want your treasures , ” replied the inspector ; “ keep them until you are <unk> ” the abbé ’ s eyes glistened ; he seized the inspector ’ s hand . up a long time , ” said gondy . and we sent him to the bastile , ” said mazarin . someone approached me ; it is said that the doomed wretch in the deserts of america thus feels the approach of the serpent . , nobody entered his chamber but his servant . ” the people about ali , who instantly opened the <unk> . . ” , making signs of distress ; but no one on board saw him , and the	65.4967269897461
vessel stood on another tack . ” hospital , and learned that the same <unk> night of the 20th of <unk> child had been brought there , wrapped in part of a fine linen napkin , purposely torn in half . , monsieur , lest it be observed that we go out together . madame de saint-méran was in a feverish sleep , and the notary had arrived . moment ’ s conversation , in which porthos hinted that a lady of elevated rank had condescended to relieve him from his embarrassment , mousqueton entered . passed away , condemns me forever to the walls of a prison . the antechamber , although he had no one with him , for the simple reason that the king ’	112.97306823730469
s procureur always makes everyone wait , and after passing a quarter of an hour in reading the papers , he ordered m. morrel to be admitted . here with that purpose ? ” friends , complimented , flattered , beginning to believe in the reality of his dream , was almost bewildered . crowd is dressed in the most fantastic <unk> cabbages walk gravely about , <unk> ’ heads bellow from men ’ s shoulders , dogs walk on their hind legs ; in the midst of all this a mask is lifted , and , as in <unk> ’ s temptation of st. anthony , a lovely face is exhibited , which we would <unk> follow , but from which we are separated by troops of	175.86410522460938
<unk> . , i think , the sound of her _guzla_ , but she remained perfectly invisible . ” horse to let , whether it be good or bad . monte cristo , lowering his voice , “ you do not appear to me to be very enthusiastic on the subject of this marriage . ” replied porthos . truth , aramis . ” ” said he , “ you appear to be more stupid than i am , for you forget there is a little quarrel to arrange between us two . ” to fail in her promise to maximilian , she proposed to mademoiselle danglars that they should take a walk in the garden , being anxious to show that the delay , which was doubtless	39.807472229003906
a cause of vexation to him , was not occasioned by any neglect on her part . likely to be killed , ” said athos , “ if we do not go . ” say about it ? ” penetrated the aperture of the tent as winter re-entered it . around her , to be certain that they were quite alone ; then bending as if she would have knelt , and joining her hands , she said with an accent of despair : a fresh meal was served . nothing in the past ; why , then , should it be less daring in the future ? ” mazarin . , and dantès heard his shoes striking on the pavement . , i know all that .	58.30732345581055
would be , in fact , almost an abdication , and an abdication requires reflection . ” prisoners enter the house first , whilst they stood at the door , desiring mousqueton to take the four horses to the stable . thrown himself upon the other soldier , attacking him with his sword . right . ” i should knock yonder and should have a good supper there , too ; whereas , ’ tis very possible that between the castle and the convent we shall sleep on hard beds , dying with hunger and thirst . ” ” cried the count ; “ a pleasant manner , upon my soul , of arriving at your end when that end is vengeance ! consider the union with mademoiselle	115.82461547851562
danglars a most suitable one ; she will enrich you , and you will ennoble her . ” do not conceal myself . ” his underlings . ” ramee made a festivity of the little supper with his prisoner . morrel , “ you are the <unk> of all human knowledge , and you seem like a being descended from a <unk> and more advanced world than ours . ” will come , thank god ! . and tell us all about this signor vampa . ” and you agree ? ” asked albert , astonished . that order , since at that time he was hardly four years old . ” man returned ; danglars withdrew . as you say , athos . the same , ”	59.35728073120117
murmured monte cristo , “ only now it is broad daylight instead of night ; it is the sun which <unk> the place , and makes it appear so cheerful . ” beauchamp . for i have foreseen all their plots ; no , your enemy is conquered since we know her , and you will live , <unk> to be happy yourself , and to confer happiness upon a noble heart ; but to insure this you must rely on me . ” that presently , ” said d ’ artagnan , with a slight smile . upright young man . , ” he murmured . . , not by fatigue , but by terror , and when d ’ artagnan placed his hand upon her shoulder	64.05370330810547
, she sank upon one knee , crying in a choking voice , “ kill me , if you please , you shall know nothing ! ” presented it to the sergeant with one hand and with the other took a pistol from his holsters and cocked it . to possess the knowledge you have . ” andrea , “ i shall not overtake my friend , but i shall kill your horse , therefore i had better stop . at a trot on the road to cambrin , where they expected to find the prince . we shall go down into the court . ” take refuge in holland , where i hear his highness the prince of wales now is . ” count ’ s manner	58.05522537231445
of proceeding ; he knew that , like nero , he was in search of the impossible , and nothing astonished him , but wishing to judge with his own eyes how far the count ’ s orders had been executed , he accompanied him to the door of the house . he said : to me , ” replied franz , “ and the recital from your lips will make as great an impression on me as if i had witnessed it . that you mean your attack ? ” he . ? ” ’ artagnan was near uttering a cry of surprise ; it was not aramis who was conversing with the nocturnal visitor , it was a woman ! chain , so fine that the	50.70893859863281
slender gold thread was scarcely perceptible on his white waistcoat . as i do , that she deceives me ? ” said the king . ” replied the other , drawing his sword and resting the point on his boot . seigneur of the country , might have seduced her , or taken her by force , at his <unk> he was master . she exclaimed ; “ you are not a man ! ” and she went out of the room . in accord with your own principles , ” replied milady , <unk> . conspirator . did you view the occurrence ? ” inquired monte cristo . considered that things are never well done when they are not reserved to their proper time . me if	62.47974395751953
i took it into my head to disobey you ? ” return to paris , i shall be quite a <unk> , <unk> father of a family ! , death to you ! ” , do so , and that at once ; for within an hour the ballet will commence . ” bed , for i can no longer support myself . ” up with rage , and d ’ avrigny prepared to speak . , then ? you , dantès ? ” cried the man in the skiff . ? ” <unk> , and a simple glance cast upon felton , revealed to her all the importance of the reply she was about to make ; but with that rapidity of intelligence which was peculiar to	42.24042510986328
her , this reply , ready arranged , presented itself to her lips : proceed from the astonishment of innocence as well as the shame of guilt , conciliated some in his favor ; for men who are truly generous are always ready to compassionate when the misfortune of their enemy surpasses the limits of their hatred . . you a thousand chances . ” four together and without a scratch ; which is a consolation . ” . you love maximilian . ” said athos , pointing to mme . château-renaud , “ these italians are well named and badly dressed . ” have been quite ignorant of the time , for daylight did not reach his cell . sweetness ? ” would have been such a	96.20410919189453
powerful protector to me in the days of your health and strength , can now only sympathize in my joys and sorrows , without being able to take any active part in them . . ” the honor of telling you i was , ” said morrel . emptying sadly a bottle of the famous spanish wine he had brought back with him from his journey into picardy . to her habit of conversing with her grandfather , she understood that he asked for a key . will find terrible charges . ” attend to the prisoners in his absence . as they always do . ” ; a miserable old age awaits you . me , and , indeed , all the committee also , ” said	85.07234191894531
beauchamp . ! ” said the young girl . one horse for us two ? her tomorrow or the day after , with an order from the queen . ” high . ” that the lodge is at a distance from the house . ” at the building . ; there is the great , the distressing truth ! all sympathy is extinct between us . ” to accuse you of weakness before god ? ” ” replied the englishman . delivered at the tribunal , ” said athos ; “ the very silence of his <unk> indicates that they are at work . ” hope , because i have a method of curing you . ” ? ” , and appeared to doubt the thickness of the	45.52376174926758
partition between them and the office of m. de tréville ; but a fresh allusion soon brought back the conversation to his eminence , and then the laughter recovered its <unk> and the light was not withheld from any of his actions . you for anything of the kind , monsieur bonacieux , ” said the young man ; “ you are a model for regular people . what he had requested and set sail , but not without turning about several times , and each time making signs of a cordial farewell , to which edmond replied with his hand only , as if he could not move the rest of his body . head fell on his breast . required of her , and certainly it	79.68952178955078
was less difficult now for her to believe that she should marry maximilian than it was an hour ago to assure herself that she should not marry franz . restored the magistrate to consciousness , who had looked like a second corpse in that chamber of death . ranks to see whether the object of his interest had any concealed weapon beneath his clothes . from the meat served to me , melted it , and so made <unk> is my <unk> ” so saying , the abbé exhibited a sort of torch very similar to those used in public <unk> . as strange and unaccountable as his for me . a kind of <unk> which makes them surmount all obstacles , which makes them escape all dangers	169.7251739501953
, up to the moment which a wearied providence has marked as the rock of their <unk> fortunes . dantès flung to him , and with an activity that would have done credit to a sailor , climbed up the side of the ship , while the young man , going to his task , left the conversation to danglars , who now came towards the owner . father , i entreat of you—for your own sake as well as mine . himself in an instant . , and in the midst of the terrifying silence which usually follows a clap of thunder , they heard a knocking at the door . that d ’ artagnan had lost his letter in the skirmish . and i will give	75.18122100830078
it . ” i recommend the cardinal to your attention . ” love me ! ” it seems for you , my young friend . . second , or rather this first king of france , became desirous that he , too , should have his guard . and caught at a shadow of hope . dinner party at my house , and you introduced yourself at his house ; that is a totally different affair . ” you were glad to hear that m. morrel ( i didn ’ t dare to say maximilian ) had been made an officer of the legion of honor ? ’ he signified assent ; only think of the poor old man ’ s being so pleased to think that you	68.1344985961914
, who were a perfect stranger to him , had been made an officer of the legion of honor ! ’ t really wish it ? ” what the axe had failed to do . between dantès and his old friend . again . sir ; a great loss . on every prisoner . ” pure as a diamond or a lily ! ” a preference for one boat more than another . said induces me to hope that you intend breakfasting with me . ” years the little tavern had been kept by a man and his wife , with two servants , —a chambermaid named <unk> , and a hostler called <unk> . death , left 500,000 francs , which were divided between my sister and	82.36522674560547
myself , for we were his only children . is not actually my wife ; but , ” added he , drawing out his watch , “ in an hour and a half she will be . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i begin to believe that monsieur de la fere will receive the visit of his eminence ; he will , of course , have an escort . ” albert in a determined tone , “ you see that your paper has insulted a member of my family , and i insist on a retractation being made . ” present occupants was placed as the former owner of the chamber had been accustomed to have his ; and , in spite of his efforts	46.33375549316406
to prevent it , the eyes of edmond were suffused in tears as he reflected that on that spot the old man had breathed his last , vainly calling for his son . enter . . ; a deputation of two or four people . ” on her brow , as if to force the fugitive ideas it contained to <unk> in a moment . once they are <unk> , our necks will be <unk> next . ” fellow , ” said albert , rising , and lighting his third cigar , “ really , i thought you had more courage . ” ” said lord de winter , who perceived what was passing in her mind ; “ yes , you look for the signature , and	67.29268646240234
you say to yourself : ‘ all is not lost , for that order is not signed . a lantern on the deck , took it up and with a pistol in his hand he said to the captain , in english , “ come , ” ( being , with the classic english oath , the only english words he knew ) , and so saying he descended to the lower deck . itself without being disturbed by the trifling loungers who came from a <unk> party to visit père-lachaise , or by lovers who make it their rendezvous . disgrace of m. de morcerf affect me ? it ? ” . ” m. d ’ avrigny , and antoinette his niece . should not hesitate a	100.16283416748047
moment ; i should take the hundred pistoles . on valentine , which look was at once so earnest and imperative , that she answered immediately . do you see that good man ? , and the second act of the comedy will not delay its steps after the first . ” wretched than the man who has lost all he loved and desired in the world ? ” enough . , until his father had disappeared at the rue <unk> . are going to send a whole regiment against us , ” said athos . has become of athos ? ” asked d ’ artagnan of planchet , as they galloped on . the man , “ in the name of heaven put your sword back into	48.74955749511719
the sheath and don ’ t kill me unheard . they fled toward the camp without having killed their man , they should be accused by him ; therefore their first idea was to join the enemy . and in this early <unk> the birds sang on the trees and the <unk> shone through the misty <unk> , like curtains of golden gauze . me ; i am dying with curiosity and uneasiness ! ” ? ” and separated , aramis ascending the street which led to the luxembourg , while d ’ artagnan , perceiving the appointed hour was approaching , took the road to the carmes-deschaux , saying to himself , “ decidedly i can ’ t draw back ; but at least , if i	93.482666015625
am killed , i shall be killed by a musketeer . ” fast on an errand with which my grandfather charged him , and when he returned , took nothing but a glass of lemonade . ” of reverie , he remembered where he had left d ’ artagnan and porthos and that they must have overheard everything . ” said the prince ; “ let us lose no time . ” at the end of the <unk> strip about a week ago . count with his large staring eyes , and then took a survey of the apartment , but his gaze almost immediately reverted to the proprietor of the room . pieces out of his mouth and presented them with great formality to monsieur de chavigny	58.2356071472168
, saying that for that evening the entertainment was ended , but in three months it should be repeated , when pistache would have learned a few new tricks . opportunity for getting something better than a diamond . ” ; death <unk> at your door—it <unk> goes , not blindfolded , but <unk> , from room to room . way for ten minutes . in the attack , and rude in the defence . ” about ? ” said the king ; “ go on , my good parry , unless you are tired . ” he seemed to sink into a <unk> abyss , whence he awoke , bathed in perspiration and nearly as much overcome as if he had really fallen . completely <unk> ,	84.44387817382812
he has lost his voice also , and we ourselves find much trouble in endeavoring to catch some fragments of his meaning . ” said planchet , with dignity , “ i know them and i answer for them . ” , he determined to guard you himself , and sent me in his place to get buckingham to sign the order for your transportation . ” utter <unk> came without recurrence of the noise . random , inquiring of everybody , when i saw you gallop past . had followed madame de villefort with his eyes , and watched her hurried retreat . him . ” debray had been dividing two millions and a half with madame danglars was another , inhabited by persons who have played	116.05769348144531
too prominent a part in the incidents we have related for their appearance not to create some interest . seized the gun by its muzzle , in order to strike raoul on the head with the butt . i don ’ t know ; but i understand that she is going to italy . obeyed . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i beg to introduce to you your brother , who is arrived from flanders and whom i am going to take into my service . ” ; but if your reason for inquiry is that you may procure a window to view it from , you are much too late . ” ! ” said felton ; “ what is she doing , then ?	52.25895690917969
” sister . gives you so much courage as good reasons , ” continued the sailor ; “ and during that time the wind had abated , and the sea gone down , but the water kept rising ; not much , only two inches an hour , but still it rose . had attracted the attention of franz stood in a kind of <unk> , that rendered it impossible to distinguish his features , although his dress was easily made out . friends , ” he replied ; “ why should we not be ? ” to notice that he is watching us . ” the hand . was back again , madame . château-renaud in his turn , keeping his little cane in his left hand	71.26722717285156
, and saluting with his right . me forget all that i do not wish to remember . ” third canto of his poem to finish , behaved like a man in haste . breakfast . s having re-entered the world and the extreme sobriety he had observed at table ? at the canebière . place and smiled . their calmness , your countenance <unk> its assurance . not a foreigner ! you , monsieur ! the stranger , doubtless to dispel the slight cloud that covered morcerf ’ s brow , “ we do not act thus in italy ; we grow according to our race and our species , and we pursue the same lines , and often the same <unk> , all our lives .	108.58557891845703
” disturb you , i have enough for two . ” awakened at five o ’ clock in the morning by raoul , who came to wish him good-day . it ? ” ? ” asked albert of franz , when they had returned to their own apartments ; “ you seem more than commonly thoughtful . ” the place i quit , and he will conduct you to me . ” host six . ” the case , and the governor left him , convinced that the poor madman , for whom in his heart he felt a kind of affection , was only troubled with a slight <unk> . , ” said the count to bertuccio . , who from time to time blushed , darted	45.37263870239258
with the rapidity of lightning a glance toward the inconstant porthos ; and then immediately the eyes of porthos wandered anxiously . he taken ten steps before he returned . . certainty that he fell ; and it seemed to me that he was borne away with his two companions . ” them , at least , the duke of york and the princess elizabeth , are far away from me , exposed to the blows of the ambitious and our foes ; my husband , the king , is leading in england so wretched an existence that it is no exaggeration to aver that he seeks death as a thing to be desired . his meaning . ) third of the way across the river when the	110.64664459228516
cord of the ferryboat broke . that a report of the king ’ s intention to leave paris by night had been circulated . resolution . ” manner can i make advances first ? ” for these men which i can not comprehend . ” their present work , and which would have entirely <unk> up the old passage , was thrown , by degrees and with the utmost precaution , out of the window in either faria ’ s or dantès ’ cell , the <unk> being first <unk> so finely that the night wind carried it far away without permitting the smallest trace to remain . , and the wife and daughters of broussel held up their hands in supplication to the people ; the latter	127.94319152832031
knew that this officer , who was so pale , but who appeared so determined , would keep his word ; they continued to threaten , but they began to disperse . ” discover a bitter taste ? ” said athos , <unk> . heaven , run , call ! , he is somewhat wilful ; but really , on referring for the moment to what he said , do you truly believe that mithridates used these precautions , and that these precautions were efficacious ? ” ! ” murmured the queen , “ lost ! —for the cardinal knows all , and it is he who urges on the king , who as yet knows nothing but will soon know everything . in the <unk> a sword	98.49425506591797
stroke on the head . then ? ’ — ‘ to your new master . ’ a musketeer ; in that quality i say what i please , and at this moment it pleases me to say that you weary me . ” ’ artagnan to grasp the mercer by the throat and strangle him ; but , as we have said , he was a very prudent youth , and he restrained himself . ” fourth day of the journey athos and aramis reached <unk> , which place they cautiously passed by on the outskirts , fearing that they might encounter some troop from the queen ’ s army . said aramis , “ take care ; our safety lies in our obscurity . . begin the	66.07199096679688
game with d ’ artagnan till he knew completely all his adversary ’ s cards . they were likely to be really in want , they got together , as a last effort , eight or ten pistoles , with which porthos went to the gaming table . for the twenty-fourth ; but i have reflected that the more promptly the affair takes place the more sure it will be . , nothing more . cried the king . in the year of grace 1838 . ” that amount , the beggar ; not one too many . ” ! ” here is the <unk> from my sister to withdraw our little servant from the convent of béthune , the air of which you think is bad for	84.02510833740234
her . going ? ” asked grimaud . brought him fresh <unk> had already devoured those of the previous day ; he ate these listening anxiously for the sound , walking round and round his cell , shaking the iron bars of the loophole , restoring vigor and agility to his limbs by exercise , and so preparing himself for his future destiny . two persons who had been discussing the matter , it had been decided that they should touch at monte cristo and set out on the following night . i possess my son ! ” ” replied the englishman . in the <unk> , ’ cried the captain ; ‘ let go the <unk> ’ s , haul the brace , lower the <unk> sails	91.90792083740234
, haul out the <unk> on the yards . ’ ” , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ my fingers were caught between two <unk> of the wall and that of my <unk> the skin was broken . ” , striking a fourth blow . think he is paying his addresses ? ” that ? ” sort of intoxication is not dangerous , and will have no bad effects . ” then . ” as a ‘ de <unk> ’ ; and if besides the pleasure of being in garrison here , we must hear such things as these , no mortal can hold out . ” , debray called out loudly , “ my carriage . ” hired this fortnight , and there are none left	78.5191650390625
but those absolutely requisite for <unk> . ” , it is true ; well , but what does that matter ? out d ’ artagnan , “ take care of the lackey ; i will manage the master . ” on the road and hastened on , that they might not fail at the appointed place . repeated the cavalier a second time , letting his cloak fall , and leaving his face uncovered . the count ’ s brow became clouded . most desirable connections which could possibly be formed ; he possesses fortune , a high rank in society , and every personal <unk> likely to render valentine <unk> happy , —his name , moreover , can not be wholly unknown to you . in monsieur	102.80543518066406
dessessart ’ s guards , and this gentleman is in the company of monsieur de tréville ’ s musketeers . of all these questions ? ” ” said the curate , mechanically . ” s hand , and while he visited her grandmother , she descended the steps . castle , d ’ artagnan thought of the miseries of poor human nature , always dissatisfied with what it has , ever desirous of what it has not . . have as a precaution shut up at rueil , near me , under my own eyes , within reach of my hand , the two most intractable ones . , joined to the cries of his own heart , made him determine , now his pride was saved and	67.10588073730469
his vengeance satisfied , not to see milady again . appeared the first gentleman of his kingdom . ” said the man , “ open . ” cried morrel , in such a paroxysm of terror that monte cristo started , —he whom the falling heavens would have found unmoved ; “ you knew it , and said nothing ? ” he had four millions per annum . ” on their shoulders , and thus the children had the best view . they were by a last reflection of love , were not the less sad . zenith , and the spot chosen for the scene of the duel was exposed to its full ardor . we have already made acquaintance , and who answered to the last	90.17406463623047
of these three names , immediately quitted the group of which they had formed a part , and advanced toward the cabinet , the door of which closed after them as soon as they had entered . a conviction , and a sincerity in the manner of the young man , which silenced the tumult . me again , in spite of my eight-and-forty years of age ? ” a sentiment of stupefaction . afraid , ” said d ’ artagnan . , ” said the man in a gown , whom he addressed ; “ a plague on ’ t ! he is as well as a man can be with four sword wounds in his body ; for you , without question , inflicted four upon	65.81361389160156
the dear gentleman , and he is still very weak , having lost almost all his blood . been a soldier ever since i attained <unk> . what ? ” us five fresh horses—one for his eminence , four for us . them who had condemned me , they kept their word . electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder , your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.e.1 through 1.e.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder . this , time is <unk> , years ; and she has ten or twelve days , as lord de winter , her fraternal and terrible jailer , has told her . caderousse ; “ i require a surgeon , not a	126.05689239501953
priest ; perhaps i am not mortally <unk> may not die ; perhaps they can yet save my life . ” ” replied caderousse , “ we can not console those who will not be consoled , and he was one of these ; besides , i know not why , but he seemed to dislike seeing me . hour had been sending for d ’ artagnan . the same position , as if fixed there , his eyes swollen with weeping . me , father ? ’ said carmela . <unk> . ” the cardinal , beginning to feel more comfortable . have acquired glory , and were enabled to carry on a conversation of the highest importance . ” <unk> at that ceremony and that planchet	63.543113708496094
should furnish the christening sugar <unk> . shall see it now . ” mean ? ” , my god ! ” cried anne of austria , “ this is more than i can bear . . the king had already gone out by another door . , ’ i exclaimed , ‘ you are very good . ’ buckled on his belt , and passing his handkerchief over his moist forehead , said : first rays of day gave to her clear eyes a strangely frightful expression . be lost ? ” of the repast had not been able to seat themselves according to their inclination rose unceremoniously , and sought out more agreeable companions . one more day before i invite you ; i shall then be	66.87438201904297
certain not to fail in my hospitality . ” , and threw his arms round his father ’ s neck ; but suddenly he recoiled , and placed his right hand on morrel ’ s breast . of the sailors hung to a point of the rock and some timbers that had formed part of the vessel ’ s keel , floated at the foot of the crag . pleasure , this noble and sincere countenance , on which every sentiment his tongue uttered was depicted , adding by the expression of his fine features all that coloring adds to a sound and faithful drawing . it , but this letter has neither date nor <unk> . ” , with a smile which might have disarmed the angel	99.27300262451172
of the last judgment . of following the alleys ? of the state of your finances . ” was of iron ; dantès would have given ten years of his life in exchange for it . , and who knows what future advantages may result from the interview ? to be accused of treason ! am , gentlemen ; sit down at the table and let us drink . when he sees me leave you , he will come out . ” , my dear athos ! ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and that comes very ill from you , who have never loved . ” exclaimed the man in the cloak , suddenly expressing himself in french . head . , my friend . ”	51.47421646118164
, are thine , my adored mistress ! ” lord , accept it , ” said aramis . said aramis , “ but i understand neither the noise nor the cry of pain . ” to conduct him to the scaffold ; so that when he saw merely and simply , instead of the executioner he expected , only his commissary of the preceding evening , attended by his clerk , he was ready to embrace them both . they are not there , though the bastile is especially for the frondeurs . services now ? ” asked d ’ avrigny . , milady . ” ? ” demanded porthos . not a man to let himself be killed like that . daughter should be married there .	50.53507995605469
three musketeers looked at one another inquiringly . for the dogs , ” said monte cristo . will behold my men at work . gentleman being absent , his secretary , by his orders , opened his letters ; thinking this one of importance , he sent for me , but not finding me , took upon himself to give the necessary orders for arresting the accused party . ” haydée stopped , overcome by such violent emotion that the perspiration stood upon her pale brow , and her stifled voice seemed hardly able to find utterance , so parched and dry were her throat and lips . hundred thousand francs . watched him carefully ? ” i ’ m very sorry that i did not strangle him	120.80388641357422
as you advised me , ” said porthos . ” said the landlord triumphantly , and without waiting for franz to question him , “ i feared yesterday , when i would not promise you anything , that you were too <unk> is not a single carriage to be <unk> is , for the three last days ” said d ’ artagnan . useless , ” interrupted d ’ artagnan ; “ there are loaded pistols in your holsters . ” . to him ; grimaud answered in four . she exclaimed ; “ and how is he connected with the question you asked me ? ” ? ” said the jailer . off his dress , carefully preserved the bunch of violets ; it was his token	49.281978607177734
reserved for the morrow . it spoken of , but i did not know the details , and then no one can be more ignorant than i am of the affairs in the bourse . ” the captain of a vessel . the king . ” which is scarce firmly set on the head of louis xiv. , support a double weight ? ” , struck twelve times , ” answered raoul , smiling . the queen , when the chancellor had finished speaking ; “ what do you think of it all ? ” ! ” me to say ; but we are now about to mix in <unk> visit and be visited . ” to believe in the excess of your kindness , since not only	49.46315002441406
your letter but your servant assures me that i have the good fortune to be beloved by you . be heard snoring through the partition . house at the gates of paris , m. bertuccio ? ” services ; with the same frankness i accept them . albert , a lovely girl whom i adored , and i was bringing to my betrothed a hundred and fifty louis , painfully amassed by <unk> toil . then , ” said the queen ; “ you have obtained what you wish and we know all we desire to know . ” a moment , then took his sword and put on his cloak to go out . , tréville , by the back staircase . du gard , the horse	70.4011459350586
stopped , but whether for his own pleasure or that of his rider would have been difficult to say . my friends , please to observe , not myself , ” said athos , interrupting himself with a melancholy smile , “ one of the counts of my province—that is to say , of <unk> as a <unk> or a montmorency , at twenty-five years of age fell in love with a girl of sixteen , beautiful as fancy can paint . the end of the repast , to swallowing a drink which from the color of the ruby had passed to that of a pale <unk> . replied the stranger with a slight hesitation , and blushing . ” cellar ! put our prisoners in a place	78.16171264648438
of safety , ” replied d ’ artagnan . ? ” asked all the four friends . ” replied the youth , with deep respect , “ and i have performed the commission that you gave me . ” to begin anew in my society and in that of porthos , the exploits of our youth ? ” it is not you who should apprise m. danglars , it is i . ” , here , ” said she , “ keep this in memory of me . ” ” said valentine ; “ it is so . <unk> vampire of the <unk> argentina ! ” my lord ; but since i am neither king nor queen nor minister , he is not my enemy and i can	43.432254791259766
not accept your offer . ” tréville , “ it was also for your majesty ’ s service that one of my musketeers , who was innocent , has been seized , that he has been placed between two guards like a malefactor , and that this gallant man , who has ten times shed his blood in your majesty ’ s service and is ready to shed it again , has been paraded through the midst of an insolent populace ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ one is never killed in a first engagement . ” the beautiful <unk> pretended not to hear the noise , and in a voice broken by tears , she continued : journey . ” fortunately . indifferent manner ; he	56.67879867553711
might feel perhaps annoyed , but he knew monte cristo ’ s eye was on him . some giant had <unk> them with blows from a hatchet . years that he had lived in the strictest intimacy with his companions , porthos and aramis , they could remember having often seen him smile , but had never heard him laugh . not enough , —i can not again become an honest man with less than thirty thousand francs . ” my friend ; take the hundred pistoles ! ” open at ten o ’ clock in the morning , as lent begins after eight at night . ? —that , thanks to my pretended ignorance , there is none of your friends , from m. de villefort to	97.38436889648438
m. debray , who has not trembled before me . . ” cry out ‘ help ! ’ for you and for your companions to be cut to pieces , and then i should have been free . ” your cavalier to you ? ’ the abbé suddenly , “ you were there yourself . ” understand it—you will only lose your time . ” accompany me ? ” by a spirit of disturbance which , i greatly fear , blood alone can <unk> . ” he , “ monseigneur ’ s order is , you know , to conduct that woman , without losing time , to fort la pointe , and never to leave her till she is on board . ” ” ” paris ,	77.06827545166016
but still further , that the queen had renewed with her one of those mysterious <unk> which at that time was named a <unk> ; _ when he affirmed that he , the cardinal , was about to unravel the most closely twisted thread of this intrigue ; that at the moment of arresting in the very act , with all the proofs about her , the queen ’ s emissary to the exiled duchess , a musketeer had dared to interrupt the course of justice violently , by falling sword in hand upon the honest men of the law , charged with investigating <unk> the whole affair in order to place it before the eyes of the <unk> xiii . and whispered in the young king ’	104.00830078125
s ear : tréville ; but they were not alone , your musketeers . with wives , they must be placed at once upon the footing in which you wish them to remain . soul of the old man seemed centred in his eyes which became bloodshot ; the veins of the throat swelled ; his cheeks and temples became purple , as though he was struck with <unk> ; nothing was wanting to complete this but the utterance of a cry . ’ artagnan , you are the best one among us ; i bless and love you , my dear son . ” the novice , “ as to friends , you would have them wherever you want , you appear so good and are so	83.14238739013672
beautiful ! ” me when i tell you that , ever since i have known this man , i have involuntarily entertained the idea that all the good fortune which has befallen me originated from him . when she motioned to franz to assume the seat of honor . the money in my hands at four and a half per cent nearly five years ago . ” than they ; it is they who , on the contrary , overcome fate . , ” said porthos . the four corners , is to be the signal . ” the route i am to follow , ” said d ’ artagnan . madame , ” said the stranger , “ and let us continue our way . ” head	47.451011657714844
, and her little foot worked with impatience beneath her robe . , but not enough . milady began to appear restless . ” said danglars to himself , “ now the thing is at work and it will effect its purpose <unk> . ” settle with this gentleman and i shall and will begin . ” ” and dine with me ? ” telegram reached the minister , debray had the horses put to his carriage , and drove to danglars ’ house . deny it ! ” said he , “ did not have personal <unk> ” they were astounded to see the threatening aspect of the capital . this ring come to you , athos ? ” aramis , “ will not your majesty acquaint	69.86607360839844
some of your friends of this ? ” cardinal , ” muttered the prince . ? won by a horse and rider utterly unknown on the course . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , wishing to change the conversation , “ here are fifty pistoles that the count has sent you by the same courier . be dying with hunger , worn out with fatigue , ready to desert , gather like atoms of snow about the rolling ball as it hastens onward . people to <unk> me ! ” towards monte cristo , but , suddenly stopping , “ edmond , ” said she , “ there is a god above us , since you live and since i have seen you again ; i trust	70.13175964355469
to him from my heart . to make a display of a challenge . this person whose presence they had entirely forgotten , and retired ; but , as she left the apartment , julie gave the stranger a supplicating glance , to which he replied by a smile that an indifferent spectator would have been surprised to see on his stern features . is at hand ; have patience and courage and remember that in spite of time and absence all your friends continue to cherish for you the sentiments they have so long professed and truly entertained . , my forgetful charmer ! ” want with a member of the parliament ? , and in it were four oarsmen and a <unk> . . ” our	124.90849304199219
enterprise ; from which , besides , we can not retreat without shame . for england during the night . blame dantès . pompous address , uttered with a degree of energy that left the baron almost out of breath , he bowed to the assembled party and withdrew to his drawing-room , whose sumptuous furnishings of white and gold had caused a great sensation in the chaussée d ’ antin . deep dishes which were covered and placed on a stove , and from a copper pan placed in an old iron pot . you begin . ” and what despair are , and i never make a jest of such feelings . confidently the moment for administering the <unk> . said friquet , “ monsieur <unk>	159.01185607910156
know who he is , he gives holy water at saint <unk> ” the sun had set , when franz fancied he saw , at a quarter of a mile to the left , a dark mass , but he could not precisely make out what it was , and fearing to excite the mirth of the sailors by mistaking a floating cloud for land , he remained silent ; suddenly a great light appeared on the <unk> ; land might resemble a cloud , but the fire was not a meteor . a half-pistole may have . ” a spaniard . said she , “ and be accursed ! ” the inn . been handsome , but traces of sorrow have aged her . cried albert ;	103.31288146972656
“ they will pass as slowly as three centuries when i am all the time suffering dishonor . ” made expressly on the discovery , into the bay where they were thrown ; but of ten three only remained , the rest having been broken by the waves . pardoned he remained . letter and read as follows : ” muttered d ’ artagnan , leaning toward aramis and whispering in his ear , “ you have made us swear on the crucifix of a frondeuse . ” villefort found himself facing him , and the young magistrate ’ s first impulse was to pause . have attempted to describe , and from which a damp vapor was rising , a young man with his hands in his	90.75879669189453
pockets , who had excited much curiosity among the inhabitants of the “ den , ” might be seen walking . to hope , ” said the count . if i had relaxed my hold for a moment , i should have fallen . if you don ’ t get out , ” said porthos at last , seizing mousqueton by the throat . , and shut again ; the mercer ’ s pretty wife had disappeared . teresa listened timidly and with <unk> eyes to the conversation of her cavalier , as luigi could read in the ardent looks of the <unk> young man that his language was that of praise , it seemed as if the whole world was turning round with him , and all	76.14799499511719
the voices of hell were whispering in his ears ideas of murder and assassination . besiege rueil . ” of men upon whom i can have no more influence than upon statues of bronze or granite ; they know me by heart , and are <unk> against all my weapons . then his age , he passed , with just title , for the handsomest gentleman and the most elegant cavalier of france or england . the drum draws near , ” said d ’ artagnan . body of the cardinal , who did not shudder readily . i was looking over the wall , i saw a young and handsome woman who was walking alone in that garden , which was not overlooked by any windows ,	130.01416015625
and i guessed that she was awaiting m. de villefort . cried a tall man with an enormous mustache and a long rapier , “ bravo , fair paulet , it is high time to put little voiture in his right place . of the rue <unk> , he saw two persons coming out of the rue dauphine whose appearance very much struck him . s silence . d ’ artagnan , “ we can ’ t be overtaken . , and greatly attached to his only nephew , a young captain of the highest promise , took paper and pen , and made his will . your way ? ” he said to the executioner , raising his long locks ; “ if so , they can	75.60777282714844
be tied up . ” you only bought this house five or six days ago ? ” him from his moist abode , but to his surprise he perceived that athos staggered . not know that there are eight guards about him , four in his chamber , four in the antechamber , and that they never leave him . ” the deputy , “ answer me frankly , not as a prisoner to a judge , but as one man to another who takes an interest in him , what truth is there in the accusation contained in this anonymous letter ? ” and villefort threw disdainfully on his desk the letter dantès had just given back to him . , ” said m. de tréville ,	76.51718139648438
who had a <unk> of literature , “ and monsieur de benserade was <unk> it to me the other day . tell you that in grief , as in life , there is always something to look forward to beyond ? but in asking for news , i mean , have you done anything for me ? ” . ” discouraged . aramis , “ athos is right : <unk> in <unk> . ” grandier wasn ’ t a sorcerer , he was a learned man . you must go to blois and you must make your excuses and mine to madame de saint-remy . ” lackey named lubin . ” the sergeant , with a cunning smile , “ you are mazarinists , who are sent as	63.470951080322266
spies . ” half an hour we shall be on board . ” know myself , neither is it necessary that you should do so . ! _ who is to know ? ” that all had been calculated and previously arranged ; monte cristo then was in league with his father ’ s enemies . devil did you find out that ? ” with ink . ” bottles , and our wine in casks ; the beer , the oil , and the <unk> , the bacon , and sausages . and turned around with tears in his eyes . de rochefort , ” answered the other , “ the equerry of monsieur le cardinal richelieu , and i have orders to conduct you to his eminence	57.44144058227539
. ” said the abbé , “ i now see how wrong such an opinion would have been . it ; how stupid ! ” as the boy had no interest in deceiving , d ’ artagnan learned that he exercised , from six o ’ clock in the morning until nine , the office of chorister , and from nine o ’ clock till midnight that of a waiter in the tavern . them into the ditch , ” said porthos , “ after having assured ourselves they have nothing in their pockets . ” , made a sign in the affirmative . on the bier . my leave of absence , ” continued maximilian ; “ and i shall be , together with my brother-in-law emmanuel	52.02876663208008
, at the disposition of the count , whenever he thinks fit to honor us . ” you . ” to his heart . ? ” <unk> which he had experienced the previous evening , and which had procured him so good a night ’ s rest . the duke , “ will you not accept any money from me ? ” them , sire ; but i leave your majesty to judge what five armed men could possibly be going to do in such a deserted place as the neighborhood of the convent des carmes . ” his mother , who since the events of the day before had refused to see anyone , and had kept her room . finger-nails slightly grating against the door of	59.37531280517578
the library informed valentine that the count was still watching , and recommended her to do the same ; at the same time , on the opposite side , that is towards edward ’ s room , valentine fancied that she heard the creaking of the floor ; she listened attentively , holding her breath till she was nearly suffocated ; the lock turned , and the door slowly opened . substance partly solid , of which it was impossible to discover the color , owing to the reflection of the polished gold , sapphires , rubies , emeralds , which ornamented the box . and this victory rendered him so <unk> , that all the money of assunta , whose affection for him seemed to increase as	99.42237091064453
he became more unworthy of it , was spent in caprices she knew not how to contend against , and follies she had not the courage to prevent . produced a burst of laughter in the great drawing-room ; but he did not appear to notice that he was the object of general attention , but began to arrange , with so much cleverness , nicety and gayety , his straw bed , that the mouths of all these poor creatures , who could not go to sleep , began to water . ” proverb that is very much in point . ” a gascon , the other from picardy ; both are easily excited , but they quiet down immediately . hailed by a voice from the	125.00370788574219
sloop and a few seconds later men , servants and baggage were aboard . secrecy and had disclosed the event to no one except the prince de condé , who had sent five or six hundred horsemen into the environs of saint germain with orders to bring in any suspicious person who was going away from rueil , in whatsoever direction it might be . <unk> ! ” so good as doctor <unk> believed it , neither was it so wicked as dantès thought it , since this man , who had nothing to expect from his comrade but the inheritance of his share of the prize-money , manifested so much sorrow when he saw him fall . precautions . ” his master entertained of someday entering into	156.0311279296875
orders , he was always clothed in black , as became the servant of a churchman . cried he , turning to noirtier , “ do what you <unk> me understand in some way ! ” friend , and you , perhaps , make use of him as your accomplice . ” crime ! ” replied the doctor . was not the chance combination of those who had collected a number of the <unk> at the same spot , but a concerted organized attack . , women are singular creatures . ” d ’ artagnan . we have said , <unk> years of age , and his fourteen years ’ imprisonment had produced a great transformation in his appearance . was to summon his landlord , who presented	67.76541900634766
himself with his accustomed <unk> . ” cried bazin , “ a poem sell so dear as that ! d ’ artagnan . ” replied morrel ; “ i will go away . ” had been assassinated by my relation , aided by four friends , but i was already aware that i had been robbed of my wealth and degraded from my nobility by king charles i . ” at night , and dantès therefore delayed all investigation until the morning . in the morning a crowd was stationed at the iron gates , and an hour before the trial commenced the hall was full of the privileged . get up , watch the cardinal . the other end of the camp , but as it did	61.68899917602539
not cover more than a surface of five hundred feet they quickly arrived at the tent they were looking for . is that—— ” saint-méran also grandfather to mademoiselle danglars ? ” in the crowd before loud cries announced the king ’ s arrival . ” cried dantès ; “ you are <unk> will not die ! reflected that for a lad of intelligence and experience he was in a singular predicament , since he was proceeding toward uncertainty and leaving certainty behind him . the prison , that their noise did not , in general , awake him ; but whether abstinence had <unk> his faculties , or whether the noise was really louder than usual , edmond raised his head and listened . accident which has	113.05390167236328
happened to your granddaughter ? ” . , and come back immediately . ” grimaud with his lantern in front , advancing . and at the end of ten minutes his carriage , or rather the count ’ s , stopped before the hôtel de londres . telling us about the extraordinary death of valentine . ” fernand , and villefort the oath of implacable vengeance he had made in his dungeon . , his dear bonacieux , and never ceased telling him that the cardinal had a great respect for him . <unk> in her mind some great stroke , a fact which increased the uneasiness of the cardinal , who knew the proud princess and dreaded much the determination of anne of austria . ” exclaimed	55.32210922241211
the count with well-feigned astonishment , “ that these horses belong to the baroness ? ” was you who gave me the wine ; i say that it was you who desired me to drink it . by the eloquence which characterized mazarin when he spoke in italian or spanish and which he lost entirely in speaking french , was uttered with such impenetrable expression that gondy , clever physiognomist as he was , had no suspicion of its being more than a simple warning to be more subdued . —no , not yet , ” he cried ; “ do not forsake me ! first stair , when a hand of iron seized him by the belt and stopped him . as an <unk> ? ” this	89.0091781616211
, my sister ? my good host ; and i wish to know what has become of our young man . ” humility , took the bit of the impatient animal with his left hand , and with the right held out the reins to andrea , who , taking them from him , rested his polished boot lightly on the step . the guests returned to paris . have come to borrow money , ” thought d ’ artagnan . spain , i have been defeated in trieste , but my naval army in india will have taken some <unk> , and my <unk> pioneers will have discovered some mine . ” athos , “ fortunately monsieur d ’ artagnan has only fainted . ” la fere	66.131591796875
, ” he cried , “ i supplicate you ! his turn . opinion ? ” for what you tell me , ” said the governor , replying to the assurance of the doctor , “ that the old man is really dead ; for he was a quiet , inoffensive prisoner , happy in his folly , and required no watching . ” , ” said the man , dropping his cloak , and advancing to the light . not yet gone to paris , they will not arrive till after you . ” to fight with this gentleman , ” said aramis , coming in his turn onto the place . education to a college in one of the provinces , and now you wish him	39.67938995361328
to complete his education in the parisian world . , scattered , annihilated . ” to ourselves for our own <unk> , but not speak of it . ” , he might have been contented with this new conquest ; but the principal features of his character were ambition and pride . my husband would be at home , i hastened hither . ” get . ” the keyhole , morrel was writing ; but madame morrel remarked , what her daughter had not observed , that her husband was writing on stamped paper . , monsieur mordaunt , for this difficult task of ambassador , in which the oldest diplomatists often fail . ” actor ( <unk> ) . , which seemed to her of bad omen	109.42444610595703
. the stranger coolly , “ he must be some prince in disguise . ” delicacy , ” said andrea , <unk> the notes hastily into his pocket . albert , “ it is very lucky that m. morrel comes to aid me ; you are vexed , are you not , that he thus gives a clew to the labyrinth ? ” was in paris only for a month , inhabited a small <unk> house behind <unk> ; there were two rooms on each floor and he was the only tenant . ’ feet . ” reached the long-desired point ; he opened his eyes and looked through the window , expecting to find himself in the midst of some town , or at least village ;	69.24126434326172
but he saw nothing except what seemed like a ruin , where three or four men went and came like shadows . the chevalier in armor , sir ! ” said raoul , blushing ; “ though i might have known him by his skill and coolness in danger . ” mean to remain long in paris ? ” asked andrea . by his persistence in accusation . up there ? ” and they called château-renaud ’ s attention to him . there was brucine in the mixture i give you . ” she , with an accent of disdain in unison with that which she had remarked in the voice of the young officer , “ i , sir ? what m. de villefort promised you ,	69.05121612548828
” said the gendarme , “ but i know we are taking you to the château d ’ if . to franz , who now understood the objection of the messenger to coming up into the apartment ; the street was safer for him . sending him to join his boon companions . and disabled by numerous assailants ; one of them alone arrived at the port , having either killed or wounded those who wished to stop him . his eyes , which are still full of life , and , as you perceive , possess the power of <unk> mortal injury . ” a wonder . threw himself into his arms ; the whole body of servants , arranged in a <unk> at a respectful distance	68.99026489257812
, looked on with humble curiosity . she , turning to monte cristo , “ will you do us the honor of passing the rest of the day with us ? ” the bottom , near the <unk> . friend ! by repeating the question , ‘ will you , or will you not , retract ? ’ ” hold ! ” said athos , wit his quiet tone ; “ that throw of the dice is extraordinary . do with politeness , i should like to know ? a spoonful of the mixture prepared for my grandfather . ” she <unk> , “ no , you can not wish that ! ” of one of these musketeers and help me to put it on . ” said	50.389381408691406
aramis , “ there is no time lost and we made our journey quickly . to , rest assured . ” ” returned , followed by the doctor and other attendants . , very rough at this period of the year all along the sea coast , destroyed every day some little vessel ; and the shore , from the point of l ’ aiguillon to the trenches , was at every tide literally covered with the <unk> of <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> . the gates of calais , d ’ artagnan ’ s horse gave out , and could not by any means be made to get up again , the blood flowing from his eyes and his nose . king . , he whose	78.05534362792969
past life was so short , whose present so melancholy , and his future so doubtful . a king ’ s attorney . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ you , monsieur le comte de la fere , to the right of monsieur groslow . at torlonia ’ s with the countess <unk> ” then he drew his watch from his pocket , that he might see how time sped . , ” said he , “ come , if you like , monsieur ; you have a claim , being almost one of the family , and i will give as many rendezvous of that kind as i can find persons willing to accept them . ” the events that had passed ; they were	46.61189651489258
numerous and inauspicious . <unk> bourse two or three times , and seeing all these hardy <unk> , who supplied the whole coast for nearly two hundred leagues in extent , he had asked himself what power might not that man attain who should give the impulse of his will to all these contrary and <unk> minds . to see this ball . the family of the celebrated <unk> , the friend of henry iv . am about to do , before all paris , i ought to be supported by an illustrious name , and in the absence of the paternal hand some powerful one ought to lead me to the altar ; now , my father is not coming to paris , is he ? ”	98.19694519042969
that man , ” he said , “ to come in here without my permission . ” certainly not on my own account , ” said the major with a smile and a shake of the head . <unk> in bank-notes , the other half in checks payable to bearer . old friend with tears in his eyes ; undid the order of the saint <unk> which he wore , to honor the two frenchmen who were with him , and passed it around winter ’ s neck , who received on his knees this striking proof of his sovereign ’ s confidence and friendship . d ’ artagnan , bursting into a laugh . beautiful and strong , was set off by a ruffle of lace ,	72.74340057373047
like certain hands by titian and <unk> . , are you of that opinion ? ” ” said albert , “ you astonish me by the extent of your knowledge . to be seen , it was because the road made an elbow . reached that supreme moment when the bravest feel a shudder in their veins , when suddenly , in the direction of the rue de l ’ arbre-sec , the crowd opened , crying : “ long live the coadjutor ! ” and gondy , in <unk> and cloak , appeared , moving tranquilly in the midst of the fusillade and bestowing his benedictions to the right and left , as undisturbed as if he were leading a procession of the fete dieu . ,	80.70745849609375
and a letter from the king , our husband and master . ” never assent to the treaty and that she wished eternal war . orders shall be executed ; <unk> ” . this woman who had ruined him , who was more than his accomplice , since she had urged him to the crime , should at least share his punishment . the same expression <unk> the countenances of her two auditors ; she continued : and reached the goal ; but woe to those who stood in my pathway ! ” all through an opening he had made in the curtain , and in the very first man who entered he recognized planchet . wretches , ” cried danglars , “ i will defy your infamous	83.94660949707031
<unk> would rather die at once ! just gone out . ” still vexed and grieved ? ” the old man ’ s eyes beamed with an expression of gentle affection . countenance . a violent effort to restrain himself , and then a smile gradually <unk> the features of his disturbed countenance . asked mazarin , after a moment ’ s silence . this , and let us sit down to breakfast , ” continued beauchamp . duc de beaufort , armed , in the field ? ” oh , if you loved me , that would be too great happiness , and i should run mad . this secret , my dear , but yourself . step back ; his opponent stirred not one inch .	60.41035461425781
at this language , to which she was not accustomed from her courtiers , argued from it a happy omen of the zeal with which d ’ artagnan would serve her in the accomplishment of her project . he left her at the moment he was about to become her husband . ! ” replied the dying man , with an accent of gratitude impossible to describe . to take up your quarters . ” gentlemen , my master is ill ! ” , i will hear your narrative ; but today i wish to nurse you carefully . , ” replied guitant , laughing . eat muscatel grapes , ” replied monte cristo , as if the subject had not been mentioned before . ” said debray	56.89653778076172
, rising , “ it is half-past two . , begging athos not to remain alone within reach of d ’ artagnan and porthos ; a piece of advice which was received with a contemptuous smile . brain was still so feeble that he could not bend his thoughts to anything in particular . can not speak , ” returned monte cristo . very carelessly ; but i suppose you had no tools to aid you . ” said caderousse sententiously , “ one can talk while eating . , dull , and <unk> , and it was much more pleasant for a traveller to remain in the warm carriage than to put his head out of the window to make inquiries of a postilion whose only answer	88.46465301513672
was “ _non capisco_ . ” asked the captain . her at rome , ” replied albert . said , — “ i was there ; ” at the same time pointing to the corner of a street . , that it will turn out an unlucky job for both of us . ” way through the crowd , advanced toward the host , and pronounced the word “ forward ! ” the host instantly made him a sign to follow , went out with him by a door which opened into a yard , led him to the stable , where a saddled horse awaited him , and asked him if he stood in need of anything else . he became silent and gazed straight before him	75.13373565673828
like one overwhelmed with a strange and <unk> thought . , ” said mazarin ; “ go ! ” mousqueton like a thunderbolt . cavalcanti , “ i know that lake <unk> alone supplies lampreys of that size . ” broke the line , and in a second all the carriages had disappeared . ” said athos , while d ’ artagnan went to conduct kitty downstairs . , four men resolved to save her . ? ” asked monte cristo with an emotion he in vain endeavored to dissimulate . is intended to affect me personally . ; we shall not all arrive at london . ” doing ? ” they asked . surprised at anything that happens ; prepare yourself for every emergency . ” received	79.22142028808594
a letter from franz , announcing his immediate return. ” valentine turned pale , and leaned her hand against the gate . said planchet . his arms , drew to him the heads of his three friends till they almost touched one another . madame de chevreuse , “ say on . finished dinner , i will show it to you , and then we will take coffee in the garden . , ” replied the hostess , pointing to the wounded man ; “ i ask you if you recognize him ? ” dwelt in a little lodging composed of a boudoir , an eating room , and a bedroom , which room , situated , as the others were , on the ground floor , looked	56.16191101074219
out upon a little fresh green garden , shady and impenetrable to the eyes of his neighbors . ’ s name ? ” ” replied athos ; “ the comte de la fère in person , who comes expressly from the other world to have the pleasure of paying you a visit . come from an enemy , monsieur , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ it comes from the queen . ” sir , and , thank god , such as i could wish , ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ but it was perfidiously stolen from me . ” that time said nothing for fear that d ’ artagnan , interrupted in his turn , should not have the time necessary , from this	36.740638732910156
moment declared that his name was athos , and not d ’ artagnan . ” noirtier gave another turn to his hair ; took , instead of his black cravat , a colored <unk> which lay at the top of an open portmanteau ; put on , in lieu of his blue and <unk> frock-coat , a coat of villefort ’ s of dark brown , and cut away in front ; tried on before the glass a <unk> hat of his son ’ s , which appeared to fit him perfectly , and , leaving his cane in the corner where he had deposited it , he took up a small <unk> switch , cut the air with it once or twice , and walked about with	99.30894470214844
that easy <unk> which was one of his principal characteristics . little secret , a precaution i thought it desirable to take , one of <unk> & <unk> ’ s locks , <unk> and improved by gaspard caderousse ; i will manufacture you a similar one when you are a capitalist . ” may be for the best ; but we do not go far from this place ? ” their several posts , except that grimaud lay on a truss of straw across the doorway . mute and motionless , hardly venturing to breathe . , by the word of bonacieux . right ; let the prisoner be brought in . ” ’ <unk> ’ s , and you pay your court to her ; you go	96.1554946899414
to madame de bois-tracy ’ s , the cousin of madame de chevreuse , and you pass for being far advanced in the good graces of that lady . andrea , — “ no ; it is useless for you to say so , count . kitchen , where your doublet was . conciliate us all , ” said aramis . whom ? ” in gloomy hesitation . a strong resemblance to treachery , and he was very suspicious of the political relations which existed between that woman and the cardinal . than add to my destruction , rather than add to my ignominy ! ” assassinate a man who , in the eyes of heaven , is a brother ? of my thoughts from the time consciousness	69.53255462646484
returned to me ? an opportunity made to your hand , and it would be difficult to contrive a better . my head on the block and say ‘ remember ! ’ then strike boldly . ” monsieur the cardinal , be assured of that ; i will answer for him . ” ” he said , “ lend me twenty francs ; you will soon be paid ; you run no risks with me . and draw the boat to us , ” said groslow . . would be a coward ? ” cried the count . our liberty with a single promise of silence ? a connoisseur in such things , having had a few of my own once , i estimated it at a thousand	68.44469451904297
pistoles . ” laporte , in order to turn the subject , “ to whom does your majesty wish me to give the candle ? ” and fetch me the letter your comrade has in his pocket . ” me is serious , then ? ” agitated . ” lys rolled its waters like a river of molten tin ; while on the other side was a black mass of trees , <unk> on a stormy sky , invaded by large <unk> clouds which created a sort of twilight amid the night . through his arm , and bicarat one through his thigh . your workmen as you need , and point out the tools they must bring . ” , monsieur , that ’ s all ;	76.1333999633789
i have scraped together some such things as an income of two or three thousand crowns in the <unk> business , but more particularly in venturing some funds in the last voyage of the celebrated navigator jean <unk> ; so that you understand , <unk> ! — ” cried the citizen . watched their approach from the window . the <unk> of your cellars are guarded , and i could say to you , as that good la ramee said to me of the duc de beaufort , you must be either bird or mouse to get out . ” be saddled , and himself went as guide to the young guardsman . he bowed . as it did from a man generally so polite and respectful ,	107.2093276977539
struck a mortal blow at the pride of villefort . seen him . ” repeated the doctor . natural and instinctive love of life made me wish to avoid endangering my own . play the part of heroes ; the choice is easy . ” so dull as not to perceive that he was one too many ; but he was not sufficiently broken into the fashions of the gay world to know how to extricate himself gallantly from a false position , like that of a man who begins to mingle with people he is scarcely acquainted with and in a conversation that does not concern him . of joy in the officer ’ s eyes , which vanished immediately , for he knew nothing of mazarin	98.70347595214844
’ s purpose . the rays of the setting sun , and the combat began with an animosity very natural between men twice enemies . all were in their places , and m. de morcerf entered at the last stroke . , ” said morrel . , and therefore he retained the entire confidence of his superior , la ramee , who now relied upon him more than he did upon himself , for , as we have said , la ramee felt at the bottom of his heart a certain weakness for monsieur de beaufort . bertuccio , shaking his head , “ are only related under the seal of confession . ” ? ” . d ’ artagnan , “ not in the least . ”	46.208377838134766
de condé , a prince of the blood royal , arrested by my mother-in-law , maria de medicis ; they saw my mother-in-law , their former <unk> , expelled by the cardinal ; they saw monsieur de vendome , that is to say , the son of henry iv. , a prisoner at vincennes ; and whilst these great personages were imprisoned , insulted and threatened , they said nothing ; and now for a <unk> god ! ride him a little every day , and that will accustom you to his maneuvers . ” mingled with his hair , which was still thick and matted , while his bronzed features and determined glance well suited an old sailor who had braved the heat of the equator and	105.14132690429688
the storms of the <unk> . a <unk> pistol which he held in his hand , and fell on his knees before his mistress . fowls , to <unk> the <unk> and to find his way home by day or by night , that ’ s all . memoirs of a man who was concerned in some few of these defeats and in many of these victories . lord , ” said philip in a low tone , “ and i will show you something <unk> ” morcerf entered , and in place of the usual target , he saw some <unk> fixed against the wall . morrel had ever so spoken , but he said it in a tone of paternal kindness , and julie did not	63.19004440307617
dare to disobey . out one ’ s inheritance somehow . ” before the god who hears me . the signor sinbad , franz ’ s host , had the honor of being on excellent terms with the smugglers and bandits along the whole coast of the mediterranean , and so enjoyed <unk> privileges . the door , that she might go and die with him , but it was fastened on the inside . , his services will cost you something . anxious glance at d ’ artagnan , whose good looks seemed to have made an impression on her . franz ; “ and it is to punish them that duelling is tolerated . ” , you shall have it ! ’ swear upon your honor	78.71514892578125
and i upon my word , and then it will be pretty evident that one of us will have lied . amusement seemed to me rather tame , i proposed to chevalier de <unk> that we should be spectators instead of actors , and , in order to see to advantage , that we should mount the bronze horse . firmly impressed on the mind as the memory of our early childhood , and with the exception of the two scenes i have just described to you , all my earliest reminiscences are fraught with deepest sadness . ” ” aramis , with a grimace of disgust . sloop . headache , ” said albert . albert , breaking in upon his discourse , “ never mind the	121.4739990234375
past ; let us only remember the present . ” replied milady . ” cried aramis , taking from his saddle-bags a second pistol , “ i think if your pistols have been discharged you are a dead man . ” ? ” are engaged with a <unk> like yourself ? ” said bertuccio , in so calm a tone , and with so steadfast a look , that andrea was moved to the very soul . i hoped , how i struck every piece of turf , thinking to find some resistance to my spade ! , ” said baptistin , who had followed his master with indescribable terror , “ but i think i see a carriage down there under the trees . ” strike m.	81.1146469116211
de morcerf ; it is providence which <unk> him . ” valliere ? ” asked athos , quickly . sapphires of such a fine water existed . ; and the duke put the quill to the paper . an elder brother , who was in the service of the emperor ; he had become lieutenant in a regiment composed entirely of corsicans . considered myself the agent of thy vengeance , and other wretches , like morcerf , danglars , villefort , even morcerf himself , must not imagine that chance has freed them from their enemy . answer of the newcomer to this proof of affection , m. de tréville seized his right hand and pressed it with all his might , without perceiving that athos ,	105.91130065917969
whatever might be his self-command , allowed a slight murmur of pain to escape him , and if possible , grew paler than he was before . ville , my dear fellow . ” ” his father ; but that father was dead . ” , ” said she , lowering her voice and going close to the old man . but his desire to make julie decide immediately made him reply . week from this time i will ascertain who this m. de monte cristo is , whence he comes , where he goes , and why he speaks in our presence of children that have been disinterred in a garden . ” you know where he is ? ” awkwardly let it fall ? ” piece	70.0406265258789
étienne entered , and announced to eugénie that the horses were to the carriage , and that the baroness was waiting for her to pay her visits . thousand piastres , but of these six thousand albert had already expended three thousand . . those only who ought to see them . one or two others for whom he was interested ; and as there could be no doubt but that the queen was leaving paris full of terrible projects of vengeance , every one had warned parents and friends of what was about to <unk> ; so that the news of the approaching <unk> ran like a train of lighted gunpowder along the streets . got the idea of his famous machine from witnessing an execution in	116.5765609741211
italy . she owed this information to the cardinal . full gallop , to cut off my head . cried , in an accent of despair , “ the count has deceived me ; i am yet living ; ” and extending his hand towards the table , he seized a knife . . that of a christian , i knew ; but without doubt , that eternal enemy of our souls , that lion roaring constantly around us , breathed it into my mind . me . your mouth has just <unk> is to say , with what view you have exposed yourself to the dangers of a sea so perilous , or at least so troublesome at this <unk> i sent my <unk> to meet you	83.83129119873047
. respect . had doubtless given you the plan of this house , in the hope the count would kill you . , <unk> still had he a dread of being sent away . that this fish which i go and sell , and with the produce of which i buy the <unk> i <unk> , —i feel very keenly , fernand , that this is charity . ” abbé adelmonte has its entrails taken out by his cook and thrown on the dunghill ; on this dunghill is a <unk> , who , <unk> these intestines , is in her turn taken ill , and dies next day . , ” said d ’ artagnan , smiling . a spy would be about here ? sir ,	109.35871887207031
that you are asking me very strange questions , and that i am very foolish to answer them ? ” have heard it , and to enlighten <unk> true , one lives <unk> ” want , dear grandpapa ? ” said valentine , and she endeavored to recall to mind all the things which he would be likely to need ; and as the ideas presented themselves to her mind , she repeated them aloud , then , <unk> that all her efforts elicited nothing but a constant _ “ no , ” <unk> said , “ come , since this plan does not answer , i will have recourse to another . ” the evening at the cardinal rospigliosi ’ s , and there mention was made	82.83641052246094
of something like a pardon for one of the two men . ” my little benedetto . , edmond ; what you have just done is <unk> is grand ; it is sublime . ” diverted from this fancy . to destroy yourself ! ” further interrogations to make , leave me , i beseech you , ” she said . he left here he was taken to the palais de justice . ” a <unk> boy between twelve and fifteen years of age whom he fancied he had seen not twenty minutes before under the guise of a chorister . right , ” said the notary , who feared to lose his fee . very lightly of it ; i should like to see you with a	63.307125091552734
brief preparing in your house . ” i will go there also , for a few minutes , ” said the duchess ; “ do not quit his salon until you have seen me . ” , brother-in-law of that <unk> . ” the opera , the vaudeville , or the <unk> ; i purchased mine at constantinople ; it cost me more , but i have nothing to fear . ” prove not a devouring fire ! ” often , ” said danglars , drawing himself up ; “ he is a particular friend of mine . ” the house ? ” i want you to take me up in your fine carriage , and carry me <unk> ” andrea turned pale , but said nothing .	49.94133758544922
the door groaned upon its hinges . <unk> immediately . ” hitherto unknown arising in his mind . and here i am . ” orders on that point . ” then ? ” said the host in spanish . call it ? sensation throughout the house ; madame de villefort would not believe it , and valentine was thunderstruck . way of all gentlemen , and i know only one way , ” answered athos , haughtily . . ” and aramis uttered a cry of joy . re right , ” replied the companion . , he sprang toward jussac himself . to his attendant , who drew near . i assure you , count , they want nothing that can render them happy ; they are	54.63091278076172
young and cheerful , they are tenderly attached to each other , and with twenty-five thousand francs a year they fancy themselves as rich as rothschild . ” almost fainted , revived . i wish more , ” replied mazarin . at the same time as his letter . ” a tear , and then , summoning up all his firmness , drew his daughter toward him , recommending her to be pious and resigned . helder , on <unk> <unk> may , half-past <unk> <unk> . ” giants , and sheep for armies ; d ’ artagnan took every smile for an insult , and every look as a <unk> it resulted that from tarbes to meung his fist was constantly doubled , or his hand on	124.08806610107422
the hilt of his sword ; and yet the fist did not descend upon any jaw , nor did the sword issue from its scabbard . d ’ artagnan , ” said athos , “ do not affect to be strong-minded ; there are tears in your eyes . , madame ? ” said mazarin , uneasily . the valet de chambre , entering the room , “ a dragoon has brought this despatch from the minister of the interior . ” to set out again as soon as possible . ” , and if you let yourself die of hunger that will be your own fault . ’ his name . ” for a statue . end to the interview , he pushed by her , and	41.025089263916016
closed the door , as if to exclude the pain he felt . , “ my father was a royalist ; they need not have asked his sentiments , which were well known . ” ? ” full of sense , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ but unfortunately i have very little time to spare , having an appointment at twelve precisely . the first posting-house , ” said danglars to himself . virtue , why the devil don ’ t you make use of it with respect to her majesty ? you may kill me , but i shall not fight . ” done , then , dear grandpapa ? ” said valentine ; “ you no longer seem to love any of us ?	49.874229431152344
” of d ’ artagnan , who urged his horse , though he stood in need of no <unk> , and they proceeded at a rapid pace . abbé took the diamond from his pocket , and giving it to caderousse , said , “ here , my friend , take this diamond , it is yours . ” asked de guiche . answer , villefort had drawn him aside . , attempting to look across the hedge of guards which surrounded him . ” poor porthos when he comes up , ” said aramis . . ” . website which has the main pg search facility : www.gutenberg.org . it , did they not ? ” lost . , on awaking , found his breakfast waiting for	64.06362915039062
him . bertuccio , “ it leads to the garden . ” indulge all your fancies ; besides , should you find your income insufficient , you can , for the sake of the past , madame , make use of mine ; and i am ready to offer you all i possess , on loan . ” like it , but—— ” and scarron , through sheer obstinacy , had seen monsieur de gondy only the more frequently . , you will see whether a cavalcanti is to be treated like a common person ! ” ’ artagnan . to him and told him , as if to please him , that he was going to plant a bed of asparagus for his especial use . for	71.78362274169922
m. de <unk> ! door , where he again assured albert that no motive of personal hatred had influenced him against the count of morcerf . ” which appeared possible to the young man . in france , my lord ? ” lad , then ? ” continued caderousse . when we said good-bye to each other in the late cardinal ’ s time . ” noirtier ’ s intelligent eye . to everything , and , like <unk> , when young , he drew on his slate sheep , houses , and trees . her embarkation for the twenty-third , and it was now the morning of the <unk> . ? king ’ s hand , but charles clasped his and pressed it to his heart .	68.01313018798828
? ” said milady ; “ oh , my god ! franz and the sailors in unison . , placed his back against the <unk> of the carriage , making a rampart of his horse , drew his pistols from their holsters and fastened them to his belt , and began to fight with the back sword , like a man accustomed to the <unk> of his weapon . the host , and will repeat to him the word ‘ forward ! ’ ” said edmond with a friendly nod , and the two lovers continued on their way , as calm and joyous as if they were the very elect of heaven . exclaimed , retreating to the farther corner of his cell . is popular ,	54.77698516845703
and does honor to the title they have adorned it with ; but you are too intelligent not to know that according to a prejudice , too firmly rooted to be <unk> , a nobility which dates back five centuries is worth more than one that can only reckon twenty years . ” ’ s clerk , elevated to the extraordinary dignity of a provincial <unk> . , or may the devil take me . expected these words of cocles , “ the agent of thomson & french . ” ” faria , how well did you judge men and things ! ” for access to , viewing , displaying , performing , copying or distributing any project gutenberg™ works unless you comply with paragraph 1.e.8 or 1.e.9	164.53404235839844
. replace your pistols in your belt . ” question , he dragged the table beneath the window . two , and saluted each other politely . no more knew where aramis was than where athos and porthos were , and the affair was becoming a matter of great perplexity , when he fancied he heard a pane of glass break in his room window . ” signed noirtier . this , mother ? ” a frenchman , for i speak french with the same facility and purity as yourself . and horses , servants . ” , and a servant introduced him to the count . like , but we will not . ” will not recover your liberty through me ; living , you will not	83.54170227050781
lose your life through me . ” said grimaud , from the bottom of the hold . single instant that we are watching over your safety ; observe the smallest gesture , the least bit of song , the least sign from any one near you ; watch everything , hear everything , interpret everything . ” my dear sister , ” replied he , “ what makes you come to england ? ” a card or <unk> . ” as <unk> , when they darted forward like mad things , and galloped away at so fearful a rate , that there seemed no other prospect for myself and my poor edward but that of being dashed to pieces against the first object that <unk> their progress ,	105.1658935546875
when a <unk> man , —an arab , a negro , or a nubian , at least a black of some nation or <unk> a signal from the count , whose domestic he is , suddenly seized and stopped the infuriated animals , even at the risk of being trampled to death himself ; and certainly he must have had a most wonderful escape . ; peppino will have warned the sentry of our coming . ” feverish arm . cramped with looking at it , but at the end of a year i became used to it ; and then we have our hours of recreation , and our holidays . ” awakened himself , and as he awoke , stood up exactly like a soldier under	112.5833511352539
arms . left , down a corridor which had escaped the attention of the two friends , but as he opened the door he paused , as if in thought . to arouse from his lethargy ; in fact , he did not notice the offered hand . in hopeless expectation on my part , while i must do the magistrate the justice to say that he used every means to obtain information of the person i declared could <unk> me if he would . so i was . scarcely less afraid of monsieur de beaufort than the cardinal himself , and who was almost as superstitious as he was , made him repeat word for word all la ramee ’ s praises of his deputy . man	101.35918426513672
was not aware of the <unk> of his words , while milady was reading with her lynx ’ s eyes the very depths of his heart . ” cried caderousse . that ! ” said porthos . d ’ artagnan was that his friends had never thought of this . no account consent to pull his bed to pieces again for porthos , but for a consideration of four louis that the latter paid him for it , he consented that porthos should share his couch with him . the conversation and had understood it . cried d ’ artagnan , “ will allow no man to laugh when it displeases me ! ” , for i see i shall not get to the chamber this morning ,	52.91055679321289
and i must make up for it . ” fell dead ; the rest of the troop took to flight . much surprised that one flower of her crown of pride , with which she had so superbly decked herself , should be disputed . him , and made him inhale some salts , which recalled him to life . . the wretched woman , mournfully shaking her head , “ the prosperity of which you speak , and which , from the bottom of my heart , i pray god in his mercy to grant him , i can never enjoy . door . ” exclaimed caderousse ; and , not knowing how this strange apparition could have entered when he had bolted the doors , he	85.08909606933594
let fall his bunch of keys , and remained motionless and stupefied . though you bade me call forth the dead or walk upon the water . ” it is useless . ” said caderousse , “ all my happiness is <unk> by one thought ? ” majesty , and as if touched by a spring , and looking at the cardinal with the haughty dignity which in the days of her youth had made her so powerful : “ you are insulting me ! ” she said . ” said a loud voice outside the room , “ in the name of the law ! ” as no attempt was made to prevent it , the door was opened , and a magistrate , wearing his official	57.673492431640625
scarf , presented himself , followed by four soldiers and a corporal . , ” said d ’ artagnan , emptying his glass , “ that is all i wanted of you . are mining for the outer wall of the fortress . ” rejoin us as soon as you can . ” and <unk> by the constant sight of so much suffering , was yet a man . to tell me ? ” still she <unk> news of edmond , no news of fernand , no companionship save that of an old man who was dying with despair . albert . often and often , but <unk> , as we say in italy ; next , after monsieur de condé , comes the duke of orleans .	55.62389373779297
” in such shocking spirits all the evening , my friend , ” said the baroness . danglars says , you are rich , and perfectly free . he said , “ it seems , my dear friend , that something vexes you ; you are ill , perhaps ? he , laughing , “ there are all my hopes about to be destroyed . ” to me now , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i am no longer hungry . ” corsican . friend , ” said faria , “ i may now avow to you , since i have the proof of your <unk> paper is my treasure , of which , from this day forth , one-half belongs to you . ” days	32.716243743896484
of leave , raoul ? ” , which was near him , and hoped that with wine , bread , and cheese , he might make a dinner ; but wine was wanting , the bottle was empty . since . ” history of the hundred days , m. bertuccio , ” said the count ; “ unless i am mistaken , it has been already written . ” the abbé scarron , for whom i have a letter of introduction and at whose house i expect to meet some of my friends . ” was an object of almost paternal interest to one of the principal <unk> of the day , who excited her to spare no pains in the cultivation of her voice , which might	53.599971771240234
hereafter prove a source of wealth and independence . be innocent or guilty ? , only there is one misfortune , and that is that monsieur bonacieux is known at the louvre , and would be allowed to pass ; whereas you are not known there , and the gate would be closed against you . ” well know what , but still something . ” , and pushed d ’ artagnan aside with his hand . ” he said , “ that when you entered i was on the point of signing five little bonds ; i have already signed two : will you allow me to do the same to the others ? ” , the terrible witness to whose charge you dare not plead “	75.39385223388672
not guilty ” ? , friend ? ” match ? ” you , so i am going to tell you where he is . ” killed him . ” in the course of two hours it will be dark , and you will not be able to see anything . ” france , near <unk> , in the gulf of juan , two hundred and fifty leagues from paris , on the 1st of march , and you only acquired this information today , the 3rd of march ! contrary , whose maiden name had been madeleine radelle , was pale , meagre , and <unk> . the greatest regard possible for you , ” said monte cristo . he took his hand ; the tumultuous agitation of	47.692935943603516
the young man was succeeded by a profound stupor . ? her . the president , seeing that charles was determined to remain silent , “ so be it . ! ” said d ’ artagnan , embarrassed ; “ you promised me— ” to my health . ” from ? ” he said to teresa , ‘ are you ready to share my fortune , whatever it may be ? ’ a dying man are sacred ; but with a sailor the last requests of his superior are commands . selfishness , caderousse readily perceived the solidity of this mode of reasoning ; he gazed , doubtfully , <unk> , on danglars , and then caution supplanted generosity . my lord ! ” replied d ’ artagnan	80.89875793457031
, surprised . , they will not be occasioned by my <unk> , that i solemnly promise you . ” de chatillon . . the mission with which you wish to charge me ; and as i desire to continue to merit the confidence of your eminence , deign to unfold it to me in terms clear and precise , that i may not commit an error . ” us , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ we must relieve each other in mounting guard over my lord and each of us must watch three hours at a time . to leave the rue du helder without taking anything with you . and mean to get a housekeeper . ” cristo is always an early <unk> ;	58.976688385009766
and i can answer for his having been up these two hours . ” <unk> , bertuccio , ” said the count , “ and show me the apartments . ” de lorme , and several other gay women . and shut twenty times the drawers of the secretaries , it became necessary , whatever hesitation he might <unk> became necessary , i say , to come to the conclusion of the affair ; that is to say , to search the queen herself . his lips again moved . joined the crusades , and supposing it to be only that of st. louis , that makes you mount to the thirteenth century , which is tolerably ancient . ” do you leave ? ” lover ; but	75.27401733398438
as you are satisfied of my love , you must , in your turn , satisfy me of yours . the path that was opened to me . charles stuart . ! ” cried the young man , whose <unk> breath at times , when his head went under water , under the wave , exhaled and made the icy waters <unk> . <unk> i am saved ! ” the servants , “ it is even probable that we have not been seen ; the shots were fired about a hundred paces in advance of us , in the thickest part of the wood , and we returned to ask your advice . ” upon the most incredulous ; and far from being incredulous , mazarin was superstitious	59.9770622253418
. and returned in five minutes with a phial . <unk> restore me the handkerchief ? ” have once devoted your life to your enterprises , you are no longer the equal of other men , or , rather , other men are no longer your equals , and <unk> has taken this resolution , feels his strength and resources doubled . ” you , ” answered the countess . ” francs at the beginning of the month , but on the <unk> we made up for it , and we now find that our accounts , reckoning from the first day of <unk> up to yesterday , when i closed them , showed a capital of <unk> francs , that is , <unk> for each of us	66.41730499267578
. seat to m. de boville , who took it without ceremony , and quickly drew up the required assignment , while the englishman counted out the bank-notes on the other side of the desk . had i better do ? ” my guardsmen , and search the two houses thoroughly . ” it conveyed me from nice to genoa , from genoa to turin , from turin to chambéry , from chambéry to pont-de-beauvoisin , and from pont-de-beauvoisin to paris . ” a <unk> procurator was a very rare variety in the species , smiled a little , and colored a great deal . would be easier than to furnish all i desired . to negotiate with the pope for a cardinal ’ s hat for him	110.53606414794922
; but he knew how little reliance should be placed on such promises , made by the queen and mazarin . italian , ” said he . terrible imprecations . that well enough before speaking to me , ” said andrea , becoming more and more excited . morrel ’ s features ; he seized monte cristo ’ s hand . them he did not cease to look at them and seemed to burn with the wish to speak to them . the count , “ i was making a suit . ” eminence ’ s orders . ” against you ; leave off , i command you . ” with that large quantity of <unk> which we know he possessed , compared himself with de wardes ,	57.146766662597656
and asked himself why , after all , he should not be beloved for himself ? , count ? ” asked julie . , ’ murmured my mother , <unk> quietly to await the approach of death . ; all were eager to speak to him , as is always the case with those whose words are few and weighty . room ! ” said the same voice . , and bertuccio remained with noirtier . muttered ; “ fatality ! ” , madame ; do me that honor , my queen , and i will find a messenger . ” guided by mousqueton , took up the way toward the house , already almost restored to their former gayety ; for they were now , as athos	67.49079895019531
had said , all four once more united and of single mind . appears , franz declined the honor . ” , you seem to throw a sort of magic influence over all in which you are concerned ; when i listen to you , existence no longer seems reality , but a waking dream . voice , the tone of which was at once polished and jeering , “ this is nothing but a butchery of horses and not a combat between men . friend , with what hope i was inspired by that last letter . that the young woman took from her pocket a white object , which she unfolded quickly , and which took the form of a handkerchief . another kind of recreation	95.68270111083984
, in which a handkerchief is filled with sand , pebbles , and <unk> pieces , when they have them , which the wretches beat like a <unk> over the head and shoulders of the unhappy sufferer . perceived that the top of a wardrobe and the marble of a commode were covered with empty bottles . ” myself , or call , or cry out ? ” that <unk> like those of the <unk> spaniards , <unk> , and <unk> , and the other has fists big enough to crush an ox at one blow . the failure of his first search , he began a second , after having told gaetano to roast one of the two kids . hours , as porthos did not come	91.83296966552734
, not any news of him , they resumed their journey . necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition . is no longer hatred , but vengeance . ” of gift yesterday . ” it , you speak in <unk> ” to punish , madame , ” he added , with a flaming glance ; “ any other woman , were it the queen herself , i would send to the executioner ; but to you i shall be merciful . experienced something of the sensation of a bird which , looking up , sees the murderous trap closing over its head . father ? ” ! ” he cried , falling back a step ; “ it is monsieur d ’ artagnan ! the	66.48374938964844
same , ” said athos , who was an <unk> when things were concerned , and a <unk> when men were in question . the head , danglars signed to the count to be seated , pointing significantly to a gilded armchair , covered with white satin embroidered with gold . ” comb . ” , and passed not only her finger but her whole hand through the opening . <unk> us of a fact of which until now we had remained in ignorance . ! ” he said , raising his fine eyes to d ’ artagnan , moist with tears , “ the count has left paris without seeing me ? ” porthos , “ it would be a pity ; animals which cost me a	62.46711349487305
hundred pistoles each . ” his pocket . you , i think , from what they told me the day before yesterday . reflected a little , and wrote the following lines , which he immediately submitted to the approbation of his friends . and more astonished . , and do not take off the bandage until he himself bids you . ” annuity his family papers , his library , composed of five thousand volumes , and his famous breviary . madame danglars , “ it was enough to drive you mad ! ” fixed upon the spot indicated by the sailor , and on the blue line separating the sky from the mediterranean sea , they perceived a large white sail . . ” out at	70.65771484375
a grand gallop ; five hours after that he passed through arras . shall get it . ” do , monsieur bertuccio ; spare these gentlemen all such domestic arrangements . de chevreuse ? ” accompanied her ? ” you were obliged to leave us , monsieur , ” said madame de villefort , “ and you were about to tell us why when your attention was called to some other subject . ” only repeat , may god protect you and all dear to you ! ” conversation would have seemed a sublime manoeuvre to any one who could have read the gascon ’ s soul . me , maximilian . that athos took these precautions , but aramis had very <unk> reminded him that they had	69.27729797363281
no right to be imprudent , that they had been charged by king charles with a supreme and sacred mission , which , received at the foot of the scaffold , could be accomplished only at the feet of queen henrietta . of blue , red , and gold . debray . ” deprive you of those three millions , ” said danglars ; “ but do not fear it . its ferocity in the second generation . said caderousse , “ you must make me a promise . ” d ’ artagnan , “ i ’ ve one last favor to ask of you , monsieur de comminges . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , affecting surprise ; “ is that possible , my god ?	44.0477409362793
—good and beautiful as you are ! ” port ? ” fire yet with his hot blood , for it is not thirty hours since it was drawn from the wound . ” said porthos ; “ i think she wants to ride on horseback . ” as a <unk> ; flints and pebbles had been inserted around it , so as to conceal the orifice ; this species of <unk> had been covered with earth , and grass and weeds had grown there , moss had clung to the stones , <unk> had taken root , and the old rock seemed fixed to the earth . ? ” entreat of you , who and what you are ? ” said he at length . , and you	92.84712982177734
did not show any <unk> was your duty ; today you serve napoleon , and you ought to protect him—it is equally your duty ; i come , therefore , to ask what has become of him ? ” interrupted master edward , snatching the feathers out of the tail of a splendid <unk> that was screaming on its gilded perch , in order to make a plume for his hat . you , madame ; but either i was deceived or hell has resuscitated you ! ” why should you make up your mind that i am to be killed ? ” cried the gascon from the door , “ we must set out in ten minutes ; give the horses some hay . ” seven francs	86.58274841308594
... ... <unk> ... ... . 7 . mazarin , sitting down , “ we shall soon see something startling . ” then , ” resumed aramis . i have two guests . it is as good as another . ” you please , sir , ” said the king , who began to give way to the emotion which had showed itself in blacas ’ s face and affected villefort ’ s voice . that , won by his mild charity , seeing that he was acquainted with all the habits and customs of my own country , and considering also that pardon for the only crime of which i was really guilty might come with a double power from lips so benevolent and kind , i	87.31893157958984
besought him to receive my confession , under the seal of which i recounted the auteuil affair in all its details , as well as every other <unk> of my life . dreadful thing , ” said the young musician ; “ who would have suspected it ? been occupied with the preparations , and <unk> no one but himself , he had visited personally the successor of pere marteau . <unk> , pointed and sculptured , that we catch a glimpse of yonder , are similar to those that i have heard described at <unk> . ” to see all that , ” cried he ; “ how beautiful it must be ! ” ! ” cried tréville . is no other than lord ruthven himself in	78.73981475830078
a living form . ” vases , and sold them ; but as they were preparing to escape together , they were both arrested . for the prisoner , as well as for those who were preparing his escape ; only for him it passed more slowly . i incur on my own account can not stop you , think of those you may yourself run ! ” of the sailor , that he was unable even to thank edmond , whose receding figure he continued to gaze after in speechless astonishment . three thousand lire , and three thousand lire are a fortune for two poor orphans who are going to be married . will wait for you in the port of bastia , it will be	102.1440200805664
called the <unk> . him as a master would not buy him as a slave . spite of all my precautions , i am at last obliged to fight , will you not be my second ? ” ” cried milady , looking at lord de winter with eyes almost starting from their sockets . the envelope of the letter . court . , aramis said : recover your position , sir , without touching those three million ? ” ’ artagnan , ” said kitty , in a voice full of compassion , and pressing anew the young man ’ s hand . hands three times . triumphant , like the avenging angel ! sir . man whom d ’ artagnan upset at the corner of the	49.86459732055664
<unk> saint jean in paris , and who was no other than the councillor broussel . a strange emotion ; he trembled all over ; he seemed eager to put a question which yet he dared not ask . , ” said one of the servants , “ horsemen dressed in yellow , creeping along the bed of the stream . ” asked the fruiteress . ” not belong to him ; because , as i have told you , it has to do with a great queen . ” to this marriage as a means of <unk> her of a guardianship which , over a girl of eugénie ’ s character , could not fail to be rather a troublesome undertaking ; for in the tacit relations	75.97441864013672
which maintain the bond of family union , the mother , to maintain her ascendancy over her daughter , must never fail to be a model of wisdom and a type of perfection . toward the port . should not have reached beaucaire . ’ a miserable creature ! ” continued mme . d ’ artagnan to himself , noticing that silent play of countenance , “ i am sure of it . ” ” replied planchet , rather astonished at the unexpected honor conferred upon him . ” youth , d ’ artagnan , ” interrupted the cardinal , tapping him <unk> on the shoulder , charmed at having vanquished this rebellious nature . be ? have been beaten down by serving men . domains of a	87.1559066772461
value equal to that of his principality of <unk> , and the title of prince , granted to him and to those belonging to his house . noticed him ? ” shoulder . far behind the two friends that he disappeared , completely hidden between them . , perceiving his youth and that he did not belong to the corps , invited him to retire before they attacked . ” to <unk> on my <unk> , and my cashier was quite proud of it when i explained to him who the cavalcanti were . sake , ” he cried , pale and bewildered , without seeing whom he was addressing , — “ for pity ’ s sake do not call assistance ! england he combated buckingham ;	91.3900146484375
that in <unk> over england he triumphed over <unk> short , that in humiliating england in the eyes of europe he humiliated buckingham in the eyes of the queen . to present to you m. franz d ’ épinay , a delightful travelling companion , with whom i made the tour of italy . low as the least of her <unk> from her high estate . ” there will no longer exist a telegraph for me ; it will be nothing more than a sign from m. <unk> , or from m. <unk> , transmitted to the prefect of bayonne , mystified by two greek words , <unk> , <unk> . , ” replied franz ; “ i am curious to know what work you were perusing with	103.48786926269531
so much attention as we entered . ” loathe it ! ” least , few that i have not seen , ” said the count coldly . ” said he ; “ i want a hundred pounds , and as for my <unk> ” and he emptied them inside out . smile of contempt . perhaps he would say nothing , but he would see . nothing to lose , —i should go . ” passes in doing these things , and his intellect is exhausted by reflecting on them . i see , ” said the cardinal ; “ we must be discreet with this sort of letters ; but nevertheless , we may show them to a confessor , and you know i have taken orders	55.0821533203125
. ” continued the <unk> , “ i ’ ll take care it shall not happen , even if i should be forced to sit by the whole night to watch when the strawberries are ripe . ” , as if by magic , in proportion as the fire ascended , i saw yellowish characters appear on the paper . bernouin , ” she said . xv . very well off here . and planchet . does not speak french , that i might tender him my compliments . ” again , ” said the cardinal . me to make a confidant of a friend and reveal to him the love i bear you ? ” ” one man in every district who can do as much and	75.77774047851562
by to-morrow we shall have quite a powerful army . nature , like that of milady , days not spent in climbing are inauspicious days . give it , ” said the musketeer . the accused appeared . , ” said franz , speaking in an undertone to albert , “ that if this person merited the high <unk> of our landlord , he would have conveyed his invitation through another channel , and not permitted it to be brought to us in this <unk> way . , ” said dantès ; “ but the corridor you speak of only bounds _one_ side of my cell ; there are three <unk> you know anything of their situation ? ” store for him ; turning around , he saw	97.91859436035156
near the door a beautiful fair face , whose large blue eyes were , without any marked expression , fixed upon him , while the bouquet of myosotis was gently raised to her lips . i <unk> you were , —the man i always loved . ” said the gascon . , ” said emmanuel , “ that i see two young men down there , who are evidently , waiting . ” cavaliers received presents from their king without shame . mistake , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ there is more selfishness in my toast than perhaps you may think—for it is only in prosperous <unk> that one is well received . among the branches , and his keen eyes plunged through the transparent panes	112.60472106933594
into the interior of the pavilion . , yes and no . ” still heightened by emotion , entered the room just after her parents had quitted it . ? ” man is he ? ” m. cavalcanti ? ” said , “ i thought i saw winter move ; if he still lives , by all you hold most sacred , do not abandon him . ” ! ” answered the queen , endeavoring to assume something of her former dignity . good ambassador in france ? ” ; these two can not have drunk all the cellar . s mansion , they perceived the phaeton and servant of m. andrea cavalcanti . the tavern of the golden harrow , give the password to the landlord ,	70.39949798583984
and you will find , as you have here , a horse ready saddled . ” explain to you . ” and the most <unk> is my condition as a mortal being . there is any truth in what i am going to tell you , but it is , at least , a ray of light in a dark night ; by following it we may , perhaps , discover something more certain . ” for a gambler to lose not only what he possesses but also what he has not . ” the stalk of a flower , unable to reply and thoroughly uncomfortable ; for when turned from the eyes of athos he encountered those of aramis . four days ago and we have reason	75.98579406738281
to believe that he has reached paris before us . ” compliment , my young friend , ” replied aramis , “ we can see from whom you learned courtesy . had an appointment with a duchess , he endeavored even to borrow it of athos . far you pledge yourself , my good friend , for i may remind you of your promise at some , perhaps , not very distant period , when i , in my turn , may require your aid and influence . ” in the army one regiment on which you can implicitly rely ? ” to take counsel . police have found that out , have they ? the grating with a board . ” became scarlet , and he <unk>	87.6084976196289
, in order to have an excuse for putting his handkerchief to his mouth . , dantès asked to take the helm ; the <unk> , glad to be relieved , looked at the captain , and the latter by a sign indicated that he might abandon it to his new comrade . him put to the test , ” replied raoul , “ but he is a <unk> , which promises something . ” . more painfully perceived by young d ’ <unk> so was the don quixote of this second <unk> <unk> his not being able to conceal from himself the ridiculous appearance that such a steed gave him , good horseman as he was . s death and his son ’ s exile , it	85.32804107666016
was supposed that the spada family would resume the splendid position they had held before the cardinal ’ s time ; but this was not the case . fellow , ” said monte cristo , when the journalist was gone ; “ is he not , albert ? ” with some great misfortune ? ” king again ? ” , and are able to give me advice ; yet i repeat to you , albert , be prudent . ” to bayonne . ” s all very sensible , athos , ” said d ’ artagnan . , that it seemed to <unk> to one who had been long <unk> , and who was incapable of resuming the healthy glow and hue of life . pleased with you	46.53519821166992
? ” yesterday . ” aramis . , and again dipped it into the golden box . leveled at them , and divided between fear and curiosity , remained noisy and excited . , which was to break the jug , and with one of the sharp fragments attack the wall . de longueville ; and if the worthy broussel were there , whom you so stupidly helped arrest , i should tell you to excuse yourself to him at once and kiss him on both cheeks . ” them what were their intentions , the master replied that he had forty charges to fire , and that he and his lackey would fire to the last one before he would allow a single soul of us to	97.37085723876953
set foot in the cellar . any extreme circumstance it might not only extricate us from some great embarrassment , but even a great danger . wounded my father , and it was he who had given utterance to these frightful cries . mordaunt , looking at athos and aramis with bloodshot eyes , “ these are frenchmen , i imagine . ” ” replied mousqueton , his eyes filling with tears , “ why did you re-enter the army ? that best ? ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ do you live in this way always ? ” little , and made him endure the siege with patience ; but it did not prevent his getting very tired , or from talking at every moment of	70.89632415771484
returning to <unk> that if the messengers and the spies had failed , his eminence , notwithstanding all his <unk> , would have found himself much embarrassed . that when i came in , although i had the key of your apartment in my pocket , and that key had never quit me , i found a letter on the green table cover in your bedroom . ” ” cried scarron , “ i should compromise you too much . ” edmond , as i told you , i too have suffered much ; i repeat , it is melancholy to pass one ’ s life without having one joy to recall , without preserving a single hope ; but that proves that all is not yet over	85.38265991210938
. have simple soldiers , because they have the advantage of serving in a privileged corps , thus to play the great lords ; discipline is the same for them as for everybody else . ” of extreme kindness and benevolence the thanks which morrel lavished on him for his timely intervention on behalf of valentine and <unk> intervention which had saved them from despair . . ’ sir ! course , to the chief banker of the town to make inquiries . will do nothing of the kind ; the moment they come from government you would find them <unk> . ’ s letter twenty times in the course of the day . implacable eyes interrogated villefort , who , on his side , glanced from noirtier	132.08053588867188
to d ’ avrigny . ’ artagnan to be of bad augury . albert , but you know these roses , <unk> , and <unk> throw out at first , before one is used to them , such violent perfumes . ” ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ it was not the measured step of a foot soldier , nor was it the gait of a horseman . ” he called out in his gascon accent , “ what do you want ? , ” replied raoul , blushing ; “ thank you a thousand times . ” but though he nearly broke the cord no one answered . said richelieu , surprised . like a man who acknowledges the superiority of the master as great ,	55.47712326049805
and retired . in <unk> is to rescue him from the hands of the banditti ; he <unk> himself to madame <unk> is that he may give her a royal present ; your step-mother and her son pass before his door—it is that his nubian may save them from destruction . hark ! , but coquettish to excess . might get the better of him , he clutched with one hand the branch of a tree against which he was leaning , and with the other convulsively grasped the dagger with a carved handle which was in his belt , and which , unwittingly , he drew from the scabbard from time to time . culpable indolence manifested by m. de villefort towards his own relations , i	117.69796752929688
ought to have denounced him to the authorities ; then i should not have been an accomplice to thy death , as i now am , sweet , beloved valentine ; but the accomplice shall become the avenger . to arrest that insolent fellow before he leaves the court . ” sin to bore through a wall , or destroy a staircase ; but i can not so easily persuade myself to pierce a heart or take away a life . ” “ the basket , ” because wedding gifts were originally brought in such a <unk> . think not , ” replied monte cristo ; “ dormice are bad neighbors for us who do not eat them preserved , as the romans did . ” the combat	147.83067321777344
, the dream must succeed to reality , and then the dream reigns supreme , then the dream becomes life , and life becomes the dream . meet a man she hated and despised . failed in his career , but circumstances had been adverse to him . am , proving at once that i am really neither the one nor the other , by entreating you to keep your promise on that score . ” fetch your wife from the louvre , did you always return directly home ? ” which you could ascend by the grand , and go out by the back staircase , the servants passed with curiosity , and bertuccio with terror . d ’ artagnan , “ they ’ ll suppose us	129.6638641357422
to be stronger than themselves , as we ’ re in pursuit ; they ’ ll be afraid and will disperse . ” though he were in a <unk> , and was becoming as mad as those he saw . smile , count , ” said maximilian , who had followed him with his eyes . his stool , starting at the least noise ; and when the first rays of the sun penetrated into his chamber , the dawn itself appeared to him to have taken funereal <unk> . , even attempt the least resistance , and went out of the cottage . the room . by the melancholy noise of the surf . elapsed , ere he saw everything as distinctly as by daylight . shadow	79.7706527709961
in the gloom ; she supported herself with one hand upon the arm of the chair , and advanced her head as if to meet a certainty . where the most beautiful and active of the frondists was at midnight ? replied that since every opportunity of distinguishing himself in arms was taken from him , he wished to make himself celebrated in the arts ; since he could not be a bayard , he would become a raphael or a michael angelo . and followed his guards silently , while m. bonacieux uttered lamentations enough to break the heart of a tiger . ! ” said he , “ come here : so thou hast changed thy trade ; thou art no longer a choir boy nor	124.40734100341797
a tavern boy ; thou hast become a horse <unk> ? ” signor pastrini , no joking ; we must have a carriage . ” , in the shipwreck of <unk> life is an eternal shipwreck of our <unk> cast into the sea my useless encumbrance , that is all , and i remain with my own will , disposed to live perfectly alone , and consequently perfectly free . ” want for a journey of a fortnight , and follow me . ” thin , pale , with light blue eyes and <unk> <unk> hair . ” that it should take place as soon as possible . that but to the <unk> should read to the bottom of my soul ! ” what monsieur de richelieu did	69.51518249511719
? the sound of fireworks , let off on the piazza del popolo and the piazza di venezia ( heard with difficulty amid the din and confusion ) announced that the races were about to begin . , and i did not know what to do with myself ; i was still stupid from our yesterday ’ s <unk> . ” , ” repeated he , mechanically ; “ and why her rather than another ? ” expend considerable effort to identify , do copyright research on , transcribe and proofread works not protected by u.s. copyright law in creating the project gutenberg™ collection . <unk> me to give you this . ” ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ do not let us lose our time	97.08804321289062
in jesting . ” said the monk , with one of those smiles that made bragelonne shudder . vertebra made a great noise in the learned world , and the gentleman , who was only a knight of the legion of honor , was made an officer . ” me in your way ; i saw a woman knocking at the window of one of my friends . ” than that consideration , my dear d ’ artagnan , to persuade myself to adopt the role of jailer . thing ; i shall be brought home . ” was ignorant of the news . . let us know when the wedding is to be , for fernand here is so obstinate he will not tell us . ”	46.190555572509766
the west , and is <unk> by his commonplace but ambitious followers , not only as a leader and <unk> , but also as the personification of equality . ” his discourse , fixing his <unk> ’ s eye upon poor bonacieux , he bade him reflect upon the gravity of his situation . objections you have raised , and the explanations you have demanded , which certainly must have some motive . ” to foot and as if his determination had been taken with the rapidity of lightning , he struck one of the panes of glass with his elbow ; the glass was shivered to atoms , then withdrawing the curtain he saw morrel , who had been writing at his desk , bound from his	104.06167602539062
seat at the noise of the broken window . work by the abbé faria upon the kingdoms of italy . he , “ is the hotel on fire ? ” on approaching the hotel of the roe he found , however , that it was in front of the next house the mob was collected . was talked of as near and certain , and the jolly sailors were having a <unk> . them myself or shall send a courier directing you to bring them to me . ” he say then ? ” god will forgive me , since my crime is <unk> . ” , ” replied athos , in his gentle but decided voice , “ we came here to defend king charles ; we	90.23867797851562
have but ill defended him—it remains for us to save him ! ” , indeed was almost unknown , and scarcely interrupted the course of events . sir ; a young man , who still <unk> to my fallen fortunes , passes a part of his time in a <unk> at the top of the house , in hopes of being the first to announce good news to me ; he has informed me of the arrival of this ship . ” excuses to the marquise and mademoiselle renée , whom i leave on such a day with great regret . ” ” said caderousse , letting his hand drop on the paper , “ there is here wherewithal to kill a man more sure than if we	87.18109893798828
waited at the corner of a wood to assassinate him ! was taken , according to your orders , to the baron danglars , rue de la chaussée d ’ antin , no . murmur without became an explosion ; nothing was to be heard but oaths and blasphemies . s <unk> arrived there by scaling the wall . his hat on the ground , pushed back his chair to the wall and bowed to mordaunt with true french grace . cried mazarin , with well acted surprise . continued athos , shaking his head mournfully , “ upon my soul , you make me the most miserable of men ; you <unk> a heart not wholly dead to friendship . ? ” said beauchamp ; “ that	89.59152221679688
is quite another thing . in the united states , you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook . and he fired two pistols . looked upon as dangerous . replied danglars ; “ but i hear that he is ambitious , and that ’ s rather against him . ” ” said noirtier ’ s look . when the count arrived , having gazed at him with all their eyes , retired after that reasonable delay which politeness admits and curiosity requires . in ten minutes present himself to receive the amount of a bill of 287,500 francs , i will not say granted , but offered me three months . long , but would not show	90.67816162109375
his grief before the people . this <unk> to all except athos he was unknown . , monsieur ; he persists in remaining there . sent for me , it is doubtless to question me on what happened there . dantès , staggered at the enormous amount . piquant <unk> and a <unk> of beef . ” an expression of smiling tenderness , such as franz had never before witnessed in them ; his black eyes especially were full of kindness and pity . a fashionable , elegantly dressed lady , and yet the door remained almost closed . to , so as to avoid wounding any susceptibility ? the arrival of porthos , frequently cast his eyes with great uneasiness upon a large chest placed in front	159.2939453125
of his oak desk . dust , and he inquired if he could not instantly cross over to england . the meridian , and his scorching rays fell full on the rocks , which seemed themselves sensible of the heat . , a small cap upon your head of the same color as your robe , and in that cap a heron ’ s feather . was made , the witnesses were brought , it was approved by the old man , sealed in the presence of all and given in charge to m. deschamps , the family notary . but you know the more hearts are worth the capture , the more difficult they are to be won . ” you allow me to ask you a	85.98616790771484
question ? ” to england ? ” stupid fellow , ” said d ’ artagnan ; and laying hold of the <unk> , he let himself gently down from the first story , which fortunately was not very elevated , without doing himself the slightest injury . champs-élysées . that the fifty louis which i send are equally for aramis as for you—for you as aramis . ” brought them good fortune , while honest men have been reduced to misery . ” ! <unk> i should say that would bring him ill-luck . ” with white hangings ? ” asked the countess . , ” added madame danglars . ! ” cried the stranger to his servant , without checking the speed of his horse ; and	76.3033447265625
the man , after throwing two or three silver pieces at the foot of mine host , galloped after his master . only to take the right-hand staircase in the courtyard , and knock at number five on the second floor . ” a servant , opening the door , “ a man in the dress of a penitent wishes to speak to you . ” ’ artagnan , “ i beg you will have a care what you say ; for if you utter another word like that , be you marquis , duke , prince or king , i will thrust it down your throat ! ” she replied , “ every confidence ; speak . ” carefully , and detected , or fancied he detected	75.21693420410156
, the ingenious artifice . , ” he said , “ only ask advice not to follow it ; or if they do follow it , it is for the sake of having someone to blame for having given it . ” that such is his intention , ” said morrel . out no longer ; she broke the silence . ” required but one glance at mademoiselle danglars to comprehend the justness of morcerf ’ s remark . head , allowed the torrent to flow on without replying , hoping that it would cease of itself ; but this was not what louis xiii . guards set forward alone on their march , the musketeers waiting for the king , which allowed porthos time to go and	91.90941619873047
take a turn in his superb equipment in the rue aux ours . signora , ” said albert , “ i am listening with the most intense delight and interest to all you say . ” , but in a very different way from that which de bassompierre supposed ; for after the death of richelieu everything went on , contrary to expectation , in the same way as before ; and bassompierre had little chance of leaving his prison . by athos , and the lackey furnished by porthos . ? payments then due ; he had collected all his resources , and , fearing lest the report of his distress should get <unk> abroad at marseilles when he was known to be reduced to such an	110.08186340332031
extremity , he went to the beaucaire fair to sell his wife ’ s and daughter ’ s jewels and a portion of his plate . your excellency this to deter you from your project , ” replied gaetano , “ but you questioned me , and i have answered ; that ’ s all . ” that , ” said danglars , angry at this <unk> of the jest , — “ as for that you won ’ t get them at all . will you ? ” said danglars , pretending to restrain caderousse , who , with the tenacity of <unk> , leaned out of the arbor . felton , covering that hand with his kisses . those of the queen , and a smile	55.77068328857422
of terrible joy passed over his lips ; the queen did not wear her diamond studs . devil that pursues ! ” he cried ; drawing his sword and preparing to attack the new foe . up in strict accordance with oriental ideas ; the <unk> were covered with the richest carpets turkey could produce ; the walls hung with <unk> silk of the most magnificent designs and texture ; while around each chamber luxurious divans were placed , with piles of soft and yielding cushions , that needed only to be arranged at the pleasure or convenience of such as sought repose . on the same spot where happiness was once all my own . ” that was her name ; and now absolve me , for	188.5308380126953
i am dying . ” ! ” ” cried barrois , who felt another fit coming . ” asked the italian . in vain to shake off the heavy darkness of the sleep from which i could not rouse myself . ? strong mind , maximilian . de la fontaine , no . but they who so assiduously try to buy things cheap ought to permit others to seek more generous <unk> ” and porthos , turning on his heel , made a step to retire . to a gallop . of what was going on in the chateau , wondered that the idea had not occurred to him sooner . the procurator ’ s wife ; she doubted not there was an intrigue between this lady and	69.51836395263672
porthos . ” replied aramis . us to ruin . ” the cardinal , made a terrible clamor . ; there ’ s one way of <unk> this , ” said jacopo . absent . ; i have nothing more to ask of <unk> have seen you again , and have found you as noble and as great as formerly you were . my suspicions were directed towards an angel , <unk> suspicions which , even when there is no crime , are always alive in my heart ; but after the death of valentine , there has been no doubt in my mind , madame , and not only in mine , but in those of others ; thus your crime , known by two persons ,	71.69044494628906
suspected by many , will soon become public , and , as i told you just now , you no longer speak to the husband , but to the judge . ” easy a matter , for the streets were thronged with people , and rome was already a prey to that low and feverish murmur which precedes all great events ; and at rome there are four great events in every year , —the carnival , holy week , <unk> <unk> , and the feast of st. peter . sire , that he is too deeply interested in the question to be a very impartial witness ; but so far from that , sire , i know the duke to be a royal gentleman , and i	94.52847290039062
refer the matter to <unk> upon one condition , sire . ” ” placed it on a projecting stone above the bed , whence its tremulous light fell with strange and fantastic ray on the distorted countenance and motionless , stiffened body . herself releases you from your promise . ” , i have said , ” answered caderousse . whim on his part , for he is falling , they say , into second childhood , but i love him for showing so much interest in you . ” ” said groslow . for him , cardinal , ” said the queen ; “ he is a child , not yet able to understand his obligations to you . ” horseback and place yourself in the midst	79.15160369873047
of us ; we will cross the tyne , reach scotland , and you will be saved . ” of the coadjutor , and at that moment ten o ’ clock struck . then ? ” of the ancient jailers were still there ; but they had all been <unk> , or had passed on to some other employment . , ” he said . the faubourg saint germain , went down the rue <unk> , and stopped at the passage du pont-neuf . of my refusal , this valor , should a struggle occur , will even go the length of carrying me off in the midst of my court , to deliver me into the hands of the fronde , as you propose to deliver my	54.75196838378906
minister ? ” heard in the room but a succession of sobs , while the <unk> from their grateful hearts mounted to heaven . so , ” was edmond ’ s reply , “ than suffer the inexpressible agonies which the slightest movement causes me . ” ” said porthos , “ aramis is of the same height , and something of the shape of the duke ; but it nevertheless appears to me that the dress of a <unk> ” ” said albert . monte cristo , sighing . one remedy ; i will tell you what that is . inarticulate words , then let her head again drop upon her knees , and went into a fit of ague , leaving the two speakers to resume	69.6053695678711
the conversation , but remaining so as to be able to hear every word they uttered . had been closed to screen them from sight , but they were forced , when the door was open , to pass through a throng of curious glances and whispering voices . and implored him , and at last he agreed . continued the englishman who first gained his composure , “ he was drowned ? ” not mistake . would never live in it . ” sire , the same who had so nearly rescued you when colonel harrison made his <unk> entrance . ” my courier from greece , ” said danglars . you ; do not let her flee from your embrace . were talking with over there	107.57536315917969
? ” she asked . d ’ artagnan looked or listened with avidity . ‘ if you return home safely , i shall believe god has forgiven you , and i will forgive you also . ’ ” hundred steps ere he perceived the strange change which had been made in the streets of paris . should expect you , sir , as soon as you had finished dressing . ” me at leghorn , you can leave me there , and i will pay you out of the first wages i get , for my food and the clothes you lend me . ” these houses with her ? ” times—the ordinary signal of lovers ; but nobody replied to him , not even an echo .	75.76798248291016
repulsed d ’ artagnan ’ s attempted embrace by a violent blow on the chest , as she sprang out of bed . persons who have the key to that door , ” murmured morrel , “ cocles and julie . ” a native ? ’ tell me , did he put all these questions to you ? ” not a person to excite either interest or curiosity in a place of public amusement ; his presence , therefore , was wholly unnoticed , save by the occupants of the box in which he had just seated himself . for him , he will rejoin your eminence . ” athos , “ we foresaw this ; and if lord winter ’ s men but do their duty ,	67.29387664794922
we are saved , instead of lost . ” danglars , the <unk> , and therefore the most guilty ? ” by they ? ” shout ; the cries , the noise of the shot and the <unk> smell of powder produced their usual maddening effects . them a cry was heard from the other two combatants . window . ? ” with you , then ? arms of porthos and aramis , and threw himself like a madman on the corpse of his mistress . a sign with his head . a most excellent sister . ” and i am his slave ; he has the right to notice nothing . ” <unk> , and such dreadful people as that , ” interposed renée , “ it	53.57614517211914
matters very little what is done to them ; but as regards poor unfortunate creatures whose only crime consists in having mixed themselves up in political <unk> ” are young and active , delay not on my account , but <unk> give you back your promise . ” , ” said mercédès . gossip , i hope ? ” in one of these , and we shall be in peace . ” strongest <unk> he could find , stripped off its branches , inserted it in the hole , and used it as a lever . young man who was talking with her , and saying a few words to him , pointed with her finger to teresa . three-quarters of a league to the <unk> and kept	97.34272766113281
on for corsica . gentlemen . in the most smiling and graceful manner . said d ’ artagnan , “ i consent to bazin with all my heart , but grant me planchet . in the same way that an honest man does ; a hypocrite does not shed the tears of a man of good faith . door and here ’ s the key . ” ! ” said morrel ; “ what do you mean ? ” complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the united states . , will you confess it ? ” young man , and tell me what you wish . ” slope had been formed , and the rock had slid along this until	68.99878692626953
it stopped at the spot it now occupied . man , since you have made your first passage of arms , and have acquired the right to go where you will without consulting me . ” plan , believe me . ” daring rascal , ” whispered the count . , so brave , and handles his sword so skillfully . ” to the presence of anne , who , silent and lofty as ever , listened to the speeches and complaints of the deputies ; but when they had finished their <unk> not one of them could say , so calm remained her face , whether or no she had heard them . had not the slightest doubt that my father would give me the capital instead	100.79051208496094
of the interest of my property . else . ” the family a very long while , ” returned monte cristo , “ a sort of treasure expressly forbidden to be touched for a certain period of years , during which the accumulated interest has doubled the capital . my lord ! ” said he to the baron . , money and tranquillity were restored to you , and you , who had been condemned to a felon ’ s life , might live as other men . heart ; that other was absent , had disappeared , perhaps was dead . cried villefort , “ i can not tell you all i feel at this moment , <unk> , grief , madness . ” the hill of	64.16094207763672
saint <unk> . then ? ” said porthos . . said aramis . while single men passed from one group to another . definite answer . , by my troth , i shall always remember those three nights with a certain pleasure . ” who <unk> us , and who , in the darkness of this night <unk> us , never shall my sword cross yours , never my eye express a glance of anger , nor my heart a throb of hatred , at you . distribute this work in any binary , compressed , marked up , nonproprietary or proprietary form , including any word processing or hypertext form . his legs sank under him , and he would have fallen had not florentin supported him	144.964599609375
. . ” said ; “ i don ’ t suppose there is a more contented man at this moment in all the kingdom than yourself ! ” electronic work is derived from texts not protected by u.s. copyright law ( does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder ) , the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the united states without paying any fees or charges . profound attention . he ; ‘ the enemy will not rally for fifteen days and until that time i have no need of your service . boy ! ” as you did in the old <unk> still , perhaps ; i do nothing else all day . ” was	69.60334777832031
heard , and valentine fled through the avenue . he could not stop . on . marked as such and sent to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation at the address specified in section 4 , “ information about donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation . ” lift your hand to your queen ? ” said anne of austria , drawing herself up to her full height , and fixing her eyes upon the chancellor with an expression almost threatening . boat you want , sir . any doubt that the cardinal had been carried off by the three prisoners , since the prisoners had disappeared at the same time ; and he had hastened to saint germain to warn the queen of that disappearance .	56.55766296386719
you , my son , but fifteen crowns , my horse , and the counsels you have just heard . has been drained by me to the very dregs , and i feel that the grave is not far distant . , for i say once more that is all i can promise , and i will promise no more than i can bestow . ” speech , beauchamp bowed coldly to albert , turned his back upon him , and went to the press-room . as it was dark his pallor was not perceptible . of your alarms , madame , ” said the count , carefully examining the child , “ but i assure you there is not the slightest occasion for uneasiness ; your little	60.322532653808594
charge has not received the least injury ; his <unk> is merely the effects of terror , and will soon pass . ” his fears lest , at the <unk> , the parisian mode of life should displease the traveller in the most essential point . man ? ” remained fixed , by which expression he intended to intimate that his resolution was unalterable . were both inspired at the same time with some horrible thought . , ” said morrel , rising from his seat , “ let us go and see , and heaven have pity upon us if it be false intelligence ! ” in molière ’ s comedy of _l ’ <unk> . horse entered by the name of vampa ? ” a musketeer	97.39110565185547
, ” said aramis , humbly . old man ’ s eyes , which were raised towards heaven with an expression of infinite gratitude . pistols ! ” , and bringing back to jacopo the shirt and trousers he had lent him , that edmond reappeared before the captain of the lugger , who had made him tell his story over and over again before he could believe him , or recognize in the neat and trim sailor the man with thick and matted beard , hair <unk> with <unk> , and body soaking in <unk> , whom he had picked up naked and nearly drowned . the castle of the man in whose service he was—— ” , down a little staircase , and you are in	93.26347351074219
it . ” aramis , “ they will doubtless treat us like the prisoners of the <unk> . ” albert , “ here he comes . five o ’ clock d ’ artagnan arose , and descending to the kitchen without help , asked , among other ingredients the list of which has not come down to us , for some oil , some wine , and some rosemary , and with his mother ’ s recipe in his hand composed a balsam , with which he anointed his numerous wounds , replacing his bandages himself , and positively refusing the assistance of any doctor , d ’ artagnan walked about that same evening , and was almost cured by the morrow . whom i love , whom	84.89808654785156
i adore , has just been torn from me by force . ” we had ours ; we didn ’ t exchange them . answered porthos , “ seem to me agitated . ” boat , the chain that closes the mouth of the port was lowered and in a second they were , as dantès knew , in the <unk> and outside the inner harbor . , a valet entered ; he composed , with a little groom named john , and who only spoke english , all albert ’ s establishment , although the cook of the hotel was always at his service , and on great occasions the count ’ s <unk> also . know what you mean : we shall do very well at	95.45443725585938
the parpaillot . ” dine three times a week , ” said mme . , ” cried milady , with a feigned exultation , “ on the day when i shall have suffered sufficiently for my faith . ” time raised his head , looked at benedetto as if he had been gazing at the head of medusa , and became livid . abbé , i am not mad ; perhaps i shall be , but at present , unfortunately , i am not . out ? idea into your head ? ” have begun . ” nebuchadnezzar ? ” said mordaunt , with a terrible smile ; “ no , it is charles the first , the king , the good king charles , who <unk> his	40.74588394165039
subjects to enrich himself . ” boville , with a tone of entire incredulity , “ five millions to that gentleman who just left , and who bowed to me as though he knew me ? ” try and find me a situation with him as grandfather , since he holds the <unk> ! ” these peasant costumes , like those of the young women , were brilliant with gold and jewels . the baron , “ look at this woman . , i had but my son , and he has left me ! ” i was writing . of the mother ? ” said the count . as long as the almighty took to make the world ! so far , come a few steps further	59.16642379760742
; conduct us , my lord , to the wall . ” storm which <unk> within her doubled her strength , and she would have burst the walls of her prison if her body had been able to take for a single instant the proportions of her mind . to date contact information can be found at the foundation ’ s website and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact ” said d ’ avrigny , with surprise . ? ” repeated the young girl . the means , as you frenchmen say , does it not ? ” the marquise , without wincing in the slightest degree at the <unk> remembrance thus called up ; “ but bear in mind , if you please , that our respective parents underwent	94.50675201416016
persecution and <unk> from <unk> opposite principles ; in proof of which i may remark , that while my family remained among the <unk> adherents of the exiled princes , your father lost no time in joining the new government ; and that while the citizen noirtier was a girondin , the count noirtier became a senator . ” , ” he said , “ monsieur le chevalier d ’ artagnan , lieutenant of his majesty ’ s musketeers , a devoted friend and one of the most excellent , brave gentlemen that i have ever known . ” , ” said the abbess ; “ today even . , and it is absolutely necessary to procure them . ” consequences , with the help of his servants	72.47753143310547
carried the wounded man into the kitchen , where some trifling attentions were bestowed upon him . rospoli palace ; but the count and the blue domino had also disappeared ; the two windows , hung with yellow damask , were still occupied by the persons whom the count had invited . only to natural scruples under similar circumstances . ” them ; she was engaged in <unk> the beatings of her heart , and restraining the tears which were ready to gush forth . other motive unknown to us ? ” king or no king ; if he be acknowledged as sovereign of france , he should be upheld in peace and tranquillity ; and this can best be effected by employing the most inflexible agents to	134.4351043701172
put down every attempt at <unk> ’ tis the best and surest means of preventing mischief . ” creature , my pretty hostess , and i am much obliged to you . ” <unk> year . is now in the gallery prefers being alone , and never practices in the presence of anyone . ” you ’ ll find the word in <unk> . ” pardons , ” said the count , “ there is nothing the matter , but i slipped down and broke one of your panes of glass with my elbow . study to learn the art of <unk> ? ” asked monte cristo . or , placed <unk> , ” said he . and have i not been richly paid for that obedience ?	68.5452880859375
manner and withdrew , as was his custom on the entrance of his superior . destroyed his first will and made a second , than , for fear he should make a third , he is struck down . well ! ’ returned the old man in a hoarse voice ; ‘ embrace me , my son . ’ <unk> at cairo , one at smyrna , and one at constantinople , preside at a wedding ? —never ! ” if it were known that we met thus , we should have no further resource . ” introduced , and my dear grandmother , on whom i depended as my only support , not only declared herself favorable to it , but is so anxious for it ,	96.94884490966797
that they only await the arrival of m. d ’ épinay , and the following day the contract will be signed . ” ” said morrel ; “ it is extraordinary ! ” de winter , “ i thought i had already made you aware that i am weary of this persecution ; withdraw , then , or i shall call and have you turned out as you were in london . , uttered a slight exclamation , and let fall the pistol he held . managed so secretly but that it became known to the queen . the king in person , the king who has come to ask for some account of what has happened . ” your hopes ; the anger of heaven will not	46.665592193603516
pursue us , since you are pure and i am innocent . complained of great pain in his knee , a feeling of <unk> in his head , and severe pains in his loins . instant , the carriage was placed on board and the two travellers embarked without delay . planchet , “ i am in all things at your service . ” laughter . ” said she , “ i place full confidence in you , my friend ! ” me ? ” said de winter , cunningly . proofs ! ” said the president ; “ remember this <unk> of horrors must be supported by the clearest proofs . ” ? ” asked kitty . he . part of this project gutenberg™ electronic work ,	48.27037048339844
you indicate that you have read , understand , agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property ( trademark/copyright ) agreement . as day , ” said he ; “ and you must have had a very confiding nature , as well as a good heart , not to have suspected the origin of the whole affair . ” a carriage , which appeared to have come from paris , had made a deep impression in the soft earth , which did not extend beyond the pavilion , but turned again toward paris . his legs lost their <unk> , and he was almost breathless . such a chaos of iniquities . . ” ” said the sergeant ; “ we will lay	63.079891204833984
your case before the commandant of the post . ” follow me ! ” , 1815 , the <unk> at <unk> de la <unk> signalled the <unk> , the _pharaon_ from smyrna , trieste , and naples . monsieur bertuccio , to walk alone here in the garden . such months , ” continued monte cristo , in the same tone . and i were lost in admiration . ” to ask his support and three times he ordered his servants to turn me away . ” money to the <unk> to withdraw . are very <unk> . ” you , my <unk> ” monte cristo expected a burst of passion , but he was deceived , for morrel turning round , said calmly , — the old	63.89096450805664
ones destroyed , and the poor <unk> found himself with three months before him to collect his resources . fear ; besides , you will accompany me . has abandoned his representative on earth and left him to die thus miserably ? assassinated ! ” cried all present , with one voice . the baron come himself ? ” demanded buckingham . are never used . poop with a rope ; put the oars into it , so that it may follow in the track and there will be nothing to do except to cut the cord . ’ s reply to those who await it . ” and she continued : however , as he could perceive no threatening object , as nothing indicated that he ran	101.9589614868164
any real danger , as the bench was comfortably covered with a <unk> cushion , as the wall was ornamented with a beautiful <unk> leather , and as large red damask curtains , fastened back by gold clasps , floated before the window , he perceived by degrees that his fear was exaggerated , and he began to turn his head to the right and the left , upward and downward . dispatch at the place where he had been interrupted . have fallen a victim , had not the treatment he has been pursuing for the last three years <unk> the effects of the poison ? ” his departure , although she was seated at the little window of the room which had been occupied by old	80.42869567871094
dantès . well <unk> in the management of the sword , while i am only moderately so ; i know , too , that you are a good <unk> we are about equal . you ? am determined to have the announcement of yesterday contradicted . knife , felton , a terrible idea occurred to me . ” and d ’ artagnan rushed into athos ’ s chamber . me . woman in his own name ; and as this vengeance appeared to him to have a certain sweetness in it , he could not make up his mind to renounce it . , and you will understand afterward . ” know that my hand stretches far , and that you shall pay very dearly for the hundred	56.785491943359375
louis you have from me . ” is large ! ” , tell him all ; his consent would be your justification in god ’ s sight . known , ” said the inspector ; “ and the abbé ’ s plan has not even the merit of originality . ” , his eminence will be forced to renew his company in three weeks , and i to put the edicts in force in all their <unk> . seen any of our other friends ? ” added the gascon , smiling , “ pardon , i forgot you are no longer athos ; but never mind , let us hear your plan for dinner , porthos . ” his carriage , and was immediately driven to the bank	57.806915283203125
. aware that the king has no money in his treasury ? ” bonacieux , “ nothing . support monarchy , in order to support ourselves . to convey the prisoner from one carriage to the other , the people , catching sight of him whom they called their liberator , uttered every imaginable cry and knotted themselves once more around the vehicle . she , returning the knife to the young officer , “ this is fine and good steel . laporte was at the lodge ; in two words d ’ artagnan informed him where mme . such a manner that kitty remained in her great <unk> . ? ” to laugh . the remainder of the bouquets into the carriage . , under any circumstances	86.37833404541016
! ” said caderousse , who drank as he spoke , and on whom the <unk> of the wine began to take effect , — “ under any circumstances fernand is not the only person put out by the fortunate arrival of dantès ; is he , danglars ? ” the marquise , “ it seems probable that , by the aid of the holy alliance , we shall be rid of napoleon ; and we must trust to the vigilance of m. de villefort to <unk> marseilles of his partisans . but do you not remember that he spoke of the fact to you ? ” which was <unk> given him as one of the family , ascended the stairs , and introduced mme . eminence .	58.33969497680664
” all the night without being discouraged ; but after two or three hours he encountered an obstacle . whispered the count , who depended on the secret spring , which was unknown to the <unk> , clever as he might <unk> “ try again , you have a few minutes ’ work there . ” head , and set off at full speed . , ” cried porthos . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ do you begin to believe that it ’ s a ruined cause , and that what with your <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and cromwells , we shall never get the upper hand ? ” was about to retire , she was <unk> with a ray of hope , for she	46.085933685302734
thought he was about to speak ; but his lips moved without any sound leaving his mouth , and making a powerful effort to control himself , he sent back to his heart the words that were about to escape from his lips , and went out . ” said the stranger , becoming attentive , “ he put his hand upon his pocket while pronouncing the name of monsieur de tréville ? the queen . commands to leave with me , my father ? ” inquired maximilian in a faltering voice . or flemish spy , ” said he , putting his hand to his pistol . ? ” ” and he took his sword and cloak . ” murmured the king . ” continued beauchamp ,	38.5088996887207
“ to be able to exercise so much self-control ! ” therefore , upon reflection , appeared to the baroness as if shaped for their mutual advantage . <unk> were grated ; he had changed his prison for another that was conveying him he knew not whither . , and without sitting down , wrote a few lines upon a parchment of which two-thirds were already filled , and affixed his seal . ? ” but take care . without wincing . young men separated , agreeing to meet again at four o ’ clock with athos , and leaving planchet to guard the house . ’ s uniform and nothing but the manner in which he threw back his head and advanced his foot , athos instantly	98.22101593017578
took the place which was his due and consigned the ostentatious porthos to the second rank . he heard a sob . these simple words ; then he fixed his eyes on mercédès . the comte de guiche had returned to paris and he was quite lonely . to act , and have no fears for the result . ” , monsieur ? taking a crown from his pocket , could save morrel ; he had but to pass his word for a loan , and morrel was saved . to me ? ” replied monte cristo , shrugging his shoulders ; “ do i know those people ? see him ? ” said he . winter saw buckingham was dead , he ran to felton , whom	51.141780853271484
the soldiers still guarded on the terrace of the palace . you are my sister in religion . countenance , took his arm , and passed with him under a low arched door , which by a vaulted passage , lighted only at the farther end , led to a stone staircase around an angle of stone . ! ” said porthos , slowly raising his head and looking at his friends with an air of astonishment , “ i understand english , then ! said she , when the lackey had gone out , “ everything is ready . the gate the count recognized cocles ; but as he had but one eye , and that eye had become somewhat dim in the course of nine years	60.49879455566406
, cocles did not recognize the count . set the fuse myself , but be careful to conceal your face , so that you can not be recognized by them . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ pray how many men have you on board , captain ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ they have just told the people that you are asleep ; you see , you still are king . ” said porthos . ” if you will drink my health . ” . bottle . ” madame , by my uniform , that i am an officer in the english navy , ” replied the young man . to love , my lord . and let us go . ”	28.4362735748291
burst into tears . implicitly . full , just as it was when she threw the contents into the ashes . steps from here . ” he had no secrets from me , and if this had been so he would have confided in me . ” , upon my soul ! ” was his <unk> . the case , my dear count : on the contrary . her own room , valentine , having once gained her liberty , entered the gallery , and , opening a small door at the end of it , found herself at once in the garden . while making researches in the royal library for my history of louis xiv. , i stumbled by chance upon the memoirs of m. d	81.28411865234375
’ artagnan , <unk> were most of the works of that period , in which <unk> could not tell the truth without the risk of a residence , more or less long , in the <unk> amsterdam , by pierre rouge . you rouse me at this hour ? ” now happily extinguished , mother , ” said villefort ; “ m . in the meantime ? ” the right wing , resting on aunay . ” returned monte cristo ; “ it is very convenient , then ? ” your heart , the vicomte , for your devoted , friend , , my dear <unk> horses ? ” he said , “ but can ’ t we have post-horses ? ” even see her if you like	62.14982986450195
, my dear mr. o ’ reilly . human justice i <unk> to be that of the justice of god . ” than enough to think about ; accordingly he fared at chess as he had fared at tennis ; he made blunder upon blunder and the officer with whom he played found him easy game . patrick . of himself , took the letter , which was in a large , coarse hand and not particular for its orthography . by and a bridge across it . three notes , and , as he sealed the last , the steward appeared . noirtier . , ” said lord de winter . moment of quitting milady felt only the liveliest regret at the parting ; and as they	137.95269775390625
addressed each other in a reciprocally passionate adieu , another interview was arranged for the following week . grimaud , beginning a fresh sum . have uttered your name with the sigh of melancholy , with the groan of sorrow , with the last effort of despair ; i have uttered it when frozen with cold , crouched on the straw in my dungeon ; i have uttered it , consumed with heat , rolling on the stone floor of my prison . had an arm broken ; his horse had received a bullet in his neck and he had difficulty in controlling him , maddened by pain . have the honor of seeing you again , your excellency ? ” asked cavalcanti . the house to which	104.01350402832031
that garden belonged . was now high time to come to the assistance of anne . dantès has gone to the catalans ? ” must die , ” replied the president calmly . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that i must have that letter . hasty , it ’ s true , but at bottom i have discovered two good qualities in <unk> is <unk> and stupid . ” planchet when he saw d ’ artagnan on the summit of the ladder , “ this way is easy for monsieur aramis and even for you ; in case of necessity i might also climb up , but my two horses can not mount the ladder . ” short the projects of escape . ” replied	58.892295837402344
athos , “ for myself i have nothing to demand . who have calculated everything with such nicety , have you forgotten to calculate one <unk> mean where the revelation of your crimes will lead you to ? as follows : me . eyes kindled in secret , but he restrained himself . but to buy your majesty . ” came down again , holding in his hand the small shagreen case , which he opened , to assure himself it contained the diamond , <unk> to hesitate as to which pocket he should put it in , then , as if dissatisfied with the security of either pocket , he deposited it in his red handkerchief , which he carefully rolled round his head . that he	107.38865661621094
remains there ? ” asked gondy . most assuredly , ” said the eyes of the paralytic , for he closed them with an expression which valentine could not mistake . to the queen ; the duke wore the uniform of the musketeers of m. de tréville , who , as we have said , were that evening on guard . from the table , folded their napkins more slowly still , bowed , and retired . i will allow no one to annoy you . ” a trap-door communicating with a cellar , from which one could get into the orchard . his legs , he would have rejoined us by this time , ” said athos . ” cried bonacieux , terrified ; “ of high	46.42146301269531
treason ! , and awoke mad . ” perhaps , ” he muttered . by the affable smile and gallant manners of an old governor of the port , who kissed her hand , she only remained long enough at boulogne to put into the post a letter , conceived in the following terms : chat , brother , ” said she , with a kind of <unk> , decided as she was to draw from the conversation , in spite of all the dissimulation lord de winter could bring , the revelations of which she stood in need to regulate her future conduct . in the morning , our four adventurers left paris by the barrière st. denis . ” ” , for he is only fit	77.27603912353516
to hold the horses . rose , bowed to aramis and d ’ artagnan , and advanced toward the door . you should always strive to see clearly around you . she , “ that need not make you uneasy , however difficult it may at first sight appear to be . monte cristo . be gone , too . as it had been for the last three days . not know either m. or mme . six o ’ clock . tell you , wretched man . ” and paris so civilized a city , that you will not find in its eighty-five <unk> say eighty-five , because i do not include <unk> will not find , then , in these eighty-five departments a single hill on	84.9852523803711
which there is not a telegraph , or a grotto in which the commissary of police has not put up a <unk> . his arm to porthos . they had heard no tidings of her whatever , only that she must have made her escape through the garden , on the sand of which her footsteps could be traced , and the door of which had been found shut . fee of 20 % of the gross profits you derive from the use of project gutenberg™ works calculated using the method you already use to calculate your applicable taxes . of the garden , where she was attentively watching penelon , who , entering with zeal into his profession of gardener , was very busy grafting some <unk>	117.48444366455078
roses . . ” her majesty ; and as a last <unk> ” —he looked round for some valuable <unk> “ you will <unk> ” porthos , who had just knocked down his man . blaisois , with whom i know not what to do , since i already have grimaud . ” at the first discharge announced the death of his four companions . perfectly corresponds with the features and character of the man before us . to undertake it with him , and i agreed . ” is certainly some magic underneath . ” papers ? ” danglars . ” that planchet may be chosen , more particularly as he has already been to london with me , and knows how to speak correctly : <unk>	85.3936996459961
, sir , if you please , and my master , lord d ’ <unk> . sure i am . your majesty ; but i shall be always happy and proud , sire , to sacrifice myself to the harmony which i desire to see reign between you and the queen of france . ” ” returned julie , “ it is treason in my brother to bring you thus , but he never has any regard for his poor sister . be ? ” sir . ” on the fourth floor , he paused to inquire whether caderousse the tailor still dwelt there ; but he received for reply , that the person in question had got into difficulties , and at the present time kept a	60.1011962890625
small inn on the route from bellegarde to beaucaire . justice here , and it is for justice to avenge those she has been unable to protect . ’ mademoiselle danglars and mademoiselle d ’ armilly accomplished their transformation and flight ; the fact being that everyone was too much occupied in his or her own affairs to think of theirs . the duke , who took a knife with a silver blade to raise the upper crust ; but la ramee , who was afraid of any harm happening to this fine work of art , passed his knife , which had an iron blade , to the duke . , did you not ? ” the cardinal had mentioned these diamond studs to the king .	90.6037826538086
nothing remains to me except to proffer my respectful homage , ” said chatillon , who felt confused and ashamed beneath the stern gaze of athos . pistols . debray , who , joining in his friend ’ s conversation , added some passing compliments , the source of which the count ’ s talent for finesse easily enabled him to guess . a double hold , where our goods were <unk> a number of other vessels that bordered the banks of the rhône from beaucaire to arles . , unfolded it , and , raising his hand , “ heaven be praised , and his holiness also , ” said he in a loud voice ; “ here is a pardon for one of the prisoners !	96.61859130859375
” entrance triumphantly into the fort l ’ evêque , whence he delivered the musketeer , whose peaceful indifference had not for a moment abandoned him . on the mother ’ s side . before one is over forty . in leaving his house that m. de caderousse was murdered by his friend benedetto . other side of the french frontier , and offer him hospitality at bourges . ” . , watched over the barricades with menacing looks ; words of command , patrols , arrests , executions , even , were encountered at every step . why i should delay you . ? ” valets ? ” all do not retreat in aversion at sight of that flat , receding , serpent-like forehead , round ,	157.21328735351562
<unk> head , and <unk> nose , like the <unk> of a <unk> ? vast chamber , where , according to the cardinal ’ s directions , he was treated with all the courtesy due to a nobleman . long white beard , but i loved him ; he was sixty years old , but to me he was handsomer than all the fine youths i saw . ” ’ t return ? ” albert . s perceptions remained tolerably clear , owing to the constant presence of m. noirtier , who caused himself to be carried to his granddaughter ’ s room , and watched her with his paternal tenderness ; villefort also , on his return from the law courts , frequently passed an hour or	61.978416442871094
two with his father and child . wanting in grandeur ; i see but one impediment . ” , ’ that is quite sufficient . ” le gascon ? ” asked mazarin , supporting his elbows on his desk and his chin on his hands . prayers , have availed me nothing . surrounded by the more prominent chiefs . devoted to them , ” repeated porthos ; “ and <unk> whom are you devoted now ? ” ; but is this little woman , then , to escape his eminence ? ” in the morning , the dinner was brought in at its usual time . for half an hour , when the same luminous track was again observed , and the <unk> was soon on board	62.65304946899414
. ” and now i believe you are right , and that you have really saved my life ; be assured i will return the favor hereafter . ” , in your place , i should like to have answered . ” , then taking leave of old dantès , he went downstairs to rejoin danglars , who awaited him at the corner of the rue <unk> . young , and youth is invariably <unk> . , your excellency ! de villefort promise to call on him , and i hope the visit will be returned . saint <unk> , ” replied the man , turning to the originator of the tale . and sanctity , each in a <unk> . ’ groslow came . d ’ artagnan	48.59263610839844
, looking at porthos . ” said the count ; “ i received a letter from him yesterday , but i do not think the hour was mentioned . ” s service ? ” amongst the descendants some were soldiers , others diplomatists ; some churchmen , some bankers ; some grew rich , and some were ruined . friend in the world who will aid me either to live or to die ? ” , then , so much confidence in your servant that you can intrust him with a secret you will not allow me to know ? ” disturbed when he read the letter that had brought me into this scrape . porthos , “ i see him . just , monsieur de tréville ,	58.36690902709961
and by and by , by and by we will see . ” said albert . , the insolent dog ! milady , “ for you i will wait . ” you like me to converse with him ? ” <unk> ” having said this , the abbé bowed to imply he wished to pursue his studies . lackeys with pistols and musketoons ; if they send an army out against us , we will give battle , and the survivor , as d ’ artagnan says , will carry the letter . ” gentleman fell like a log . but only as no . dry land ; the young man stamped on the ground to shake off the wet , and looked around for someone to show	91.71175384521484
him his road , for it was quite dark . so formal as bankers in <unk> business ; i intended this money for the charity fund , and i seemed to be robbing them if i did not pay them with these precise bonds . the count , “ the friends that we have lost do not repose in the bosom of the earth , but are buried deep in our hearts , and it has been thus ordained that we may always be accompanied by them . made this passage ? ” the poor old gentleman is entirely helpless ; the mind alone is still active in this human machine , and that is faint and flickering , like the light of a lamp about to expire	107.8953628540039
. of villany ; you have <unk> have assassinated . ” the agitated mercer , “ do me the pleasure , monsieur , to tell me how my own proper affair can become worse by anything my wife does while i am in prison ? ” ” cried danglars . look which made villefort ’ s blood run cold . dark mass , against which it seemed as if the carriage was about to dash ; but the vehicle turned to one side , leaving the barrier behind and danglars saw that it was one of the ramparts encircling rome . she resumed , “ that he sold <unk> sold it in order to save me another <unk> be able to send a messenger to the duke to	90.40962219238281
warn him of his <unk> sold it to monsieur des essarts , on whose finger i remarked it . wedding would shortly take place , as the young man was received at the banker ’ s as the betrothed . musketeers were in paris ; they had not exceeded their leave of absence , and that same evening they went to pay their customary visit to m. de tréville . of you . ” buckingham chapter xiii . dread of a pen , a bottle of ink , and a sheet of paper , than of a sword or pistol . ” , monte cristo ’ s joy was not less intense . is , ” replied monte cristo . be sent by his eminence ? sir ?	60.87629318237305
” lost in wonder to find myself promoted to an honor of which i feel myself <unk> of being the husband of mercédès . ” any one . ? the vast resources of his genius were at work night and day , engaged in listening to the least report heard in any of the great kingdoms of europe . and determined to venture everything in order to see valentine once more , and be certain of the misfortune he feared , morrel gained the edge of the clump of trees , and was going to pass as quickly as possible through the <unk> , when the sound of a voice , still at some distance , but which was borne upon the wind , reached him . week	93.42682647705078
at leghorn before the hold of his vessel was filled with printed muslins , contraband <unk> , english powder , and tobacco on which the excise had forgotten to put its mark . you do it ? ” asked the lieutenant . , but the brave young man only acknowledged one duty , which was to obey . replied la ramee , “ my lord—— ” to leave ? ” said morrel , sadly . the shape of the figure of 8 , thus , in its windings , making a walk of sixty feet in a garden of only twenty . this man was speaking in a manner half jesting , half bitter , that franz ’ s ear recalled most vividly the deep sonorous , yet	115.36788940429688
<unk> voice that had addressed him in the grotto of monte cristo , and which he heard for the second time amid the darkness and ruined grandeur of the colosseum . , ” she said . felt exactly the same sensation at sight of that man when he said , ‘ why do you ask me that ? ’ and looked so strangely at me . ” we must warn . the room . so they called dantès ) had said this , it was sufficient , and all went to their <unk> contentedly . looked also for his sister and brother <unk> ; he soon discovered them in another box , and kissed his hand to them . , from anxiety doubtless , —at any rate they	88.4676513671875
postponed the matter for two months . not altogether impossible he might have had , for he made me promise several times never to speak of that letter to anyone , assuring me he so advised me for my own interest ; and , more than this , he insisted on my taking a solemn oath never to utter the name mentioned in the address . ” ? ” ? ” the honor to sup with me ? ” back . wife of the first magistrate in the capital shall not , by her infamy , soil an <unk> name ; that she shall not , with one blow , dishonor her husband and her child . ” as i do , ” replied raoul , urging his	84.18087005615234
horse vigorously forward . ” said anne of austria , “ people will laugh . ” extraordinary in it ; but the hesitation with which he proceeded , stopping and listening with anxious attention at every step he took , convinced franz that he expected the arrival of some person . the convent of the <unk> of <unk> . different <unk> , selected two written in a small and delicate hand , and enclosed in scented envelopes , opened them and perused their contents with some attention . fixed on the dictionary . , do <unk> still more , with cardinalist politics ? mine ; gad , he was not so proud then , —he was an <unk> to the good m. morrel . fellow , excuse me	113.05654907226562
; i am lodged like a chartreux . , valentine , ” said morrel ; “ all you do will be well done ; only if they disregard your prayers , if your father and madame de saint-méran insist that m. d ’ épinay should be called tomorrow to sign the <unk> ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you have a wicked smile . happened to brutus the night before the battle of <unk> ; i have seen a ghost . ” was deemed not only the prettiest , but the most graceful woman in france . ” . , but as he had foretold , that hit was a mortal one ; the sword pierced his heart . ” queen is known ; and they	51.719844818115234
wish either to remove her from her mistress , or to intimidate her , in order to obtain her majesty ’ s secrets , or to seduce her and make use of her as a spy . ” delivering some bandit or criminal from the bonds of the law . , ” replied the gascon ; “ on the contrary , we think of announcing very soon that we have you here . ” ’ ” was so well turned , that in spite of the great wish felt by the courtiers to laugh , they could find no point on which to vent their ridicule . have said , the whole camp was in motion . the parisians and the parisians on the court ; and the	61.91249084472656
<unk> , though not mortal , were painful , as are all wounds inflicted by the weapon of ridicule . mention such a thing , ” said the count . yours are very <unk> to be hanged . ” brave young man ; besides , your fortune may perhaps be the result of your devotedness . ” then ? ” cried all the witnesses of this scene . were in the capital . d ’ artagnan , “ what matters it to me , after all , if cromwell , who ’ s an englishman , revolts against his king , who is a scotchman ? longer endure this conversation , which had made him bewildered . ” said the guide ; “ i have forgotten the other	52.97317886352539
key . ” ? ” said athos to his adversary . , ’ said the president , ‘ do not allow yourself to be cast down ; answer . hundred francs to each of these good fellows , ” said morrel . the unanimous answer . person addressing him with a long and searching <unk> even seemed a disposition on his part to court a similar scrutiny on the part of the innkeeper ; then , observing in the countenance of the latter no other expression than extreme surprise at his own want of attention to an inquiry so courteously <unk> , he deemed it as well to terminate this dumb show , and therefore said , speaking with a strong italian accent , “ you are ,	88.5105209350586
i presume , m. caderousse ? ” beggar , my lord . ” cards as usual , a king for d ’ artagnan and an ace for himself . we can depend , i hope . ” de tréville , who held out his hand to him ; d ’ artagnan pressed it with a respect mixed with gratitude . the wind and rain , he fell into the deep , sweet sleep of utter <unk> . nine o ’ clock , in the day at one o ’ clock , and in the evening at eight . s proposition he instantly winked his eyes . first who told me of the haitian funds . had neither listened nor heard . once full of spirit and resignation ;	54.77424240112305
i have become simple in my tastes , and am without passion , i hope . ” said the inspector ; then , turning to the governor , “ on my word , the poor devil touches me . go , ” said albert in a firm , calm voice ; “ you love me too well to wish me to remain useless and idle with you ; besides , i have signed . ” been done by porthos and d ’ artagnan afterward they were as ignorant as all the inhabitants of the chateau . . ” said porthos . de tréville to the others , as may be perceived ; but he thought this addition would do no harm . me ! ” ” quickly ,	39.08866500854492
and come up to me , ” said andrea to his groom . i do not in the least suspect your <unk> ; i ask if you are certain of it ? ” de villefort , “ it is really frightful . ” a wandering troop of partisans ; it was an entire army . . at my service ? ” asked mazarin . you , madame ? ” said athos , laughing ; “ he has insulted you , and he shall die ! ” and son-in-law stepped into the same carriage , and morrel , seeing them pass , became uneasy . we say ; she never goes to bed before midnight . ” my lord , ” said felton ; “ the circumstances are more	37.67143630981445
serious than you perhaps believe . ” are you going to do with it ? ” asked athos . without seeing a human face , and had been left to <unk> myself in the company of bottles . ” they entered milady ’ s chamber they had brought her breakfast . some time since , as the insolent dandy who so gracefully mounted his horse in the champs-élysées . ” infallibility which you appear to possess , i rank that of candidly acknowledging a fault . your assistance ! ” accompany me to the opera ; and if you can , bring château-renaud with you . ” against visitors as soon as the clock struck five , ” replied the valet . , we will do better than	75.06673431396484
<unk> each take a half . ” bankers , ” said monte cristo in a freezing manner , which <unk> impertinence ; and he turned to the door , just as the valet de chambre announced : ” place , his yacht is not a ship , but a bird , and he would beat any <unk> three knots in every nine ; and if he were to throw himself on the coast , why , is he not certain of finding friends everywhere ? ” the absence of his rival afforded him , he reflected , partly on the means of deceiving mercédès as to the cause of his absence , partly on plans of <unk> and abduction , as from time to time he sat sad	95.8015365600586
and motionless on the summit of cape pharo , at the spot from whence marseilles and the catalans are visible , watching for the apparition of a young and handsome man , who was for him also the messenger of vengeance . ” must risk something . ; she ground her teeth <unk> ; her eyes followed the motion of the door as it closed behind lord de winter and felton , and the moment she was alone a fresh fit of despair seized her . i do , sir ; it is the <unk> <unk> of the ancients . boy ; no doubt . , ” replied the impassive young man ; “ your lordship may be assured that it requires more than the tricks and coquetry	57.90140151977539
of a woman to corrupt me . ” , ” said the young man . said monte cristo <unk> , “ it is a hard blow for a third-rate fortune . ” in bands <unk> from one hundred to two hundred , pale and haggard men , clothed in rags , who bore a sort of standard on which was inscribed these words : “ behold the misery of the people ! ” wherever these men passed , <unk> cries were heard ; and there were so many of these bands that the cries were to be heard in all directions . favored by fortune , burst into a loud laugh . my poor mother ! ” said albert , gazing through his tears at his mother ’	70.98860168457031
s portrait ; “ if you know this , how much must you suffer ! ” go into the garden , sent away barrois , and after having seated himself at his father ’ s right hand , while madame de villefort placed herself on the left , he addressed him thus : ” a kind of admiration ; he was not insensible to such a proof of courage . been made in these caves ; the treasure is in the furthest a ... ngle in the second ; which treasure i bequeath and leave en ... tire to him as my sole heir . ” ? ” ? the cardinal resolved to know all about d ’ artagnan immediately ; of course he could not inquire from	74.34934997558594
d ’ artagnan himself who he was and what had been his career ; he remarked , however , in the course of conversation that the lieutenant of musketeers spoke with a gascon accent . far mortal that , without the three drops i gave you , you would now be dead . . be planned with impunity , for , as we have said , since that morning he had ceased to be “ the queen ’ s invalid . ” and fearful of being left to perish on the desolate island , i swam off on a piece of <unk> to try and intercept your course . de morcerf . one son , but two ; then , monsieur de coligny was killed , and—— ”	64.429443359375
good ! a waiter , on which was placed a decanter containing lemonade and a glass . me , for i thought you took the liveliest interest in all my affairs ! ” be in the army commanded by the duc de beaufort . ” of avoiding him the stranger jumped from his horse , and advanced to meet d ’ artagnan . him , sir , as is most agreeable to you . ” also defective , you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem . it when you anticipated me . ” morcerf . ” maintained the speed at which he started ; but when out of sight he turned his horse to the right , made a circuit ,	65.62396240234375
and came back within twenty paces of a high hedge to watch the passage of the little troop . the king , monsieur ; i was going to drink a small glass of it if fourreau had not told me i was called . ” of nature ? ” its way towards père-lachaise from the faubourg saint-honoré . bathed in an infernal joy . ’ s cell was paved , and it had been by raising one of the stones in the most obscure corner that faria had been able to commence the <unk> task of which dantès had witnessed the <unk> . ? ” asked debray , in a whisper , of madame danglars . difficulties , but the count of monte cristo produced a permit from	68.23675537109375
the governor of rome , allowing him to leave or enter the city at any hour of the day or night ; the <unk> was therefore raised , the porter had a louis for his trouble , and they went on their way . house for this grand ceremony , but on the same <unk> with everyone else , and without any particular privilege . we meet ? ” he asked again . ” those on the same floor , had but one outlet to the gallery in the sight of everybody . robe as quickly as he could , mistaking one sleeve for the other , so greatly was he still agitated . , he would speak as she passed ; if she was accompanied , and	73.68631744384766
he could not speak , still he should see her , and know that she was safe ; if they were strangers , he would listen to their conversation , and might understand something of this hitherto incomprehensible mystery . you have been freed from confinement ? ” her perfectly <unk> is just my idea of what <unk> must have been . ” freely . ” said porthos . thing that engaged his most anxious <unk> what way was the escape to be effected ? ” assembled at one of these moments , a word , thrown forth occasionally with a violent effort , was the share athos furnished to the conversation . ? ” said she ; “ and you stopped there ? ” differently from what	88.6514663696289
he expected that he was stupefied with wonder . , and read in a slow voice , dwelling upon every syllable : s hand , and set off at a quick pace . took up the portmanteau , which she had placed for a moment on the ground , and they reached the archway under the shadow of the wall . challenged m. de monte cristo at the opera yesterday , he apologized on the ground today . ” about it . ” felton , i can do nothing but die . “ all ’ s over . ” your mind to avenge yourself on this man , did it not ? ” cried felton . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and you mentioned it	41.38356018066406
to me ; but who knows what has become of him ? cavaliers , one covered with a gilt cuirass , the other wearing simply a buff doublet , from which fell the sleeves of a vest of blue velvet , charged in front . had most to do with was some minutes before he could speak , so i took advantage of his silence to walk off . ” , ” cried aramis , “ but i swear to heaven ! far , madame ; and that i am authorized to seek for the suspected paper , even on the person of your majesty . ” the tree , behind me the rock . pass freely from this dungeon , let me take the place of the	74.18273162841797
dead ! ” , ” said she ; “ i am not strong enough ; do you shut it . ” m. bertuccio , who understands <unk> windows so well ? ” instead , therefore , of being at saint denis or at charenton , will be near compiegne or villars-cotterets . ” he called pistache , he was often shut up for hours alone , superintending , as every one supposed , its education . followed by barrois . mind ! ” resumed the cardinal , with a smile which indicated that he knew the story as well as he who wished to relate it . deputies and men connected with the revenue , was explaining a new theory of <unk> which he intended to adopt when	85.09181213378906
the course of events had compelled the government to call him into the <unk> . of joy and turning to mordaunt : but these suspicions appeared to be disagreeable to monsieur the commissary , and i no longer have them . ” gratify villefort ’ s ambition . , i am wrong . comprehended that she was <unk> herself by allowing him thus to read her soul ; she collected her features , and in a complaining voice said : “ in the name of heaven , sir , tell me if it is to you , if it is to your government , if it is to an enemy i am to attribute the violence that is done me ? ” but you must endure your captivity	59.03456497192383
quietly . the newcomer , “ you are , as i am , in search of a woman who , ” added he , with a terrible smile , “ must have passed this way , for i see a corpse . ” ” she said , “ what next ? ” t let us talk of that , m. morrel . ” then , to this postscript , my dear monsieur cavalcanti ? ” , although your name is bernajoux , to have only to deal with an apprentice musketeer . . served under napoleon , did he not still retain royalist sentiments ? let there be no more question of what ’ s past , and let aramis resume the letter from his cousin where the	53.56148147583008
cardinal interrupted him . ” you it is a fancy you have taken in your head . ” and pride . he seemed moved by this last remark . porthos , “ if any one had told you in the old times that the day would come when planchet would rescue rochefort and that you would protect him in it—— ” . your eminence . i understand very well , ” ejaculated the baroness ; “ never , i swear to you . ” dantès ’ father . to frenzy , arose from the report morcerf ’ s adventure had made in the world , for the affair at the opera was generally known . you ? ” of vision <unk> by time or space . , though	65.44112396240234
, for an old and thin man , ” said one , as he raised the head . sent for us ; my mother had been crying all the night , and was very wretched ; we found the pasha calm , but paler than usual . ; when he saw franz , the servant came up to him . a sort of mental superiority over those whose lives we know better than they suppose . balm for wounds ; and my poor grimaud here was obliged to dress those you had inflicted on him . ” ? ” said the baron , suspiciously . de guiche to his father and kept bragelonne near his own person ; but the two young men sought the privilege of passing	97.63237762451172
the night together and it was accorded them . sir , and god keep you ! ” d ’ artagnan had ever refused a request from athos . as if <unk> confession weighs on my mind . ” to shake cocles ’ belief ; the last month ’ s payment had been made with the most scrupulous exactitude ; cocles had detected an <unk> of fourteen sous in his cash , and the same evening he had brought them to m. morrel , who , with a melancholy smile , threw them into an almost empty drawer , saying : but death ? ” named m. franz d ’ épinay ? ” ” said the young man , “ that i should be exceedingly grieved to leave it	71.00675201416016
. ” but where and how shall i see you again ? ” ? ” asked felton . not possibly suspect what frightful cruelty was behind the rampart of that pure brow , behind those brilliant eyes in which she read nothing but interest and compassion . hypocrite , ” said andrea ; “ you love me ! ” resigned , my friend . ” objects with his eyes , his alarm every moment increasing . ” asked gondy , feigning astonishment , “ that her majesty summoned me to ask for my opinion ? ” the meantime , had taken the head of his detachment without a word and with that ready and profound obedience which marks the character of an old soldier . guard . ”	75.2438735961914
the louvre without difficulty . the first time at marseilles , twenty-three years ago , the day of your marriage with mademoiselle de saint-méran . yes , ” replied the duke . ? ” , ” said the count with a haughty expression . the duke , who from time to time looked at the clock , the fingers of which seemed to move with sickening slowness . the castle of yanina ! , then . ” rather than yesterday or tomorrow ? of it . it ? ” inquired athos . , and he died day before yesterday . ” done the evening before , she fell on her knees and repeated her prayers aloud . my lord , till you tell me of what exploits you	39.03934097290039
speak . ” april , 1498 , be ... . ” said albert , coldly ; “ there are circumstances in which one can not , except through cowardice , —i offer you that refuge , <unk> to admit certain persons at least . ” , as i generally do when i am weary without having the courage to amuse myself , or when i am hungry without feeling inclined to eat . ” , ” said aramis , “ but under these robes i have a coat of mail , a pistol and a dagger . ” mazarin , “ you did not make so many difficulties with regard to the king and queen . ” out , and did set out at that very instant ,	64.49574279785156
carrying with me the beginning of my great work , the <unk> of the italian kingdom ; but for some time the imperial police ( who at this period , quite contrary to what napoleon desired so soon as he had a son born to him , wished for a partition of provinces ) had their eyes on me ; and my hasty departure , the cause of which they were unable to guess , having aroused their suspicions , i was arrested at the very moment i was leaving piombino . d ’ artagnan , “ a half-pistole for that paper ! ” will make you then sign your declaration , and confront you with him you have denounced ; i will supply you with the means	110.53916931152344
of supporting your accusation , for i know the fact well . , and that was at not hearing any tidings from his friends . a registered trademark . wish to go ? ” asked he . had received the account of the adventure from the mouths of the heroes of it , related it in all its details to his eminence , not forgetting the <unk> of the napkin . laid for her ? duke . ” porthos fell . of <unk> ” the muzzle of a gun pointed at him , and remembering the recommendation of athos , he , with the rapidity of lightning , made his horse rear as the shot was fired . . the same impulse . ? ” said mercédès .	58.74989700317383
the bandit , “ that is only another way of killing me . king ’ s left and as i am the chief person threatened , remain at the coach door to the left . ” one <unk> a blow that is the <unk> way to strike . looked around , for his was already a very celebrated name . artagnan , ” added he , in a tone so solemn that it made the young man shudder , “ consider that béthune is a city where the cardinal has given rendezvous to a woman who , wherever she goes , brings misery with her . athos , “ i am arrested . ” parry , ” said he , “ what is the matter , and what	48.48167037963867
can affect you in this manner ? ” : he was recommended to me by a good abbé , who may be deceived . to me , for you form a part of my existence , and , if i may venture to tell you so , i also feel anxious . , but it belongs to d ’ artagnan . , your honor—— ” dance around the venerable st. <unk> , <unk> about famously the sheets of the thesis , which had fallen on the floor . , madame , on different subjects ; of perugino , of raphael , of manners , customs , of the famous _aqua tofana_ , of which they had told you , i think you said , that certain individuals in	69.9309310913086
perugia had preserved the secret . ” on the pretext of business , he questioned the father and son upon their mode of living ; and the father and son , previously informed that it was through danglars the one was to receive his 48,000 francs and the other 50,000 livres <unk> , were so full of <unk> that they would have shaken hands even with the banker ’ s servants , so much did their gratitude need an object to expend itself upon . to require the doctor she had recommended to her aged relative . . ” , ” said he ; “ here is monsieur d ’ artagnan ; and you are his friends , messieurs athos , porthos , and aramis . ” ,	74.31351470947266
opening his great wondering eyes . the usurper ? ” m. andrea cavalcanti . ” across the landing , which was all that separated them from the apartments of the count , rang at the bell , and , upon the door being opened by a servant , said : to dine at the minister ’ s . i take a ride in the fields and on the property of my <unk> , in order to pick up a nice little quarrel , which i am really in want of , but nothing happens . temple ! ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ and with that , white teeth , a piercing eye , dark complexion , black hair , and haughty <unk> , that ’ s	51.47087860107422
my man of meung . ” ” beauchamp , “ we shall see our friend ! ” read , ” exclaimed the queen , indignantly ; “ read , i command you , for i am resolved that everything shall be finished to-night and never will i recur to this subject again . dozen men at the most . ” villefort was a powerful protector ; to his enemies , he was a silent , but bitter opponent ; for those who were neither the one nor the other , he was a statue of the <unk> man . pity ! . ! ” said she ; “ i have been here six months without the shadow of recreation . that letter ? ” transact business , ”	55.260257720947266
said danglars . five-and-twenty years , spared no pains to understand the people of france and the interests which were confided to me ; and now , when i see the <unk> of my wishes almost within reach , the power i hold in my hands bursts and <unk> me to atoms ! ” ” asked athos . ” said porthos , “ there is nine o ’ clock . where is that ? ” came as usual ; but milady allowed him to preside over all the preparations for breakfast without addressing a word to him . darkness , silent as phantoms ; they saw a light <unk> in the midst of some trees . noirtier , fixing a majestic look on the young man . ,	59.36008071899414
the infernal project has been <unk> in her brain . ” box in the hole he had made , then , while he stamped with his feet to remove all traces of his occupation , i rushed on him and plunged my knife into his breast , exclaiming : the agitation of the night was legible in his pale and careworn visage . , my leader , my head , my father , and i ask you , master , are you contented with me ? ” ” said porthos . a new acquaintance . ” , ” said mazarin aside ; “ they are carved from <unk> ” then he added aloud , “ but you have relations left you ? ” shall sacrifice myself and go	60.048343658447266
and see anne of austria . ” as the yard . a sign to d ’ artagnan to follow him . the plan , gentlemen ? ” was manifested by a bright color which seldom appeared on the face of that imperturbable man . apparently . cried porthos ; “ indeed , my dear d ’ artagnan , i don ’ t know how you manage , but you are always full of ideas ; let us go and embrace raoul . ” ” said bazin , clasping his hands <unk> . herself , ” said d ’ artagnan . the abbé , “ we may hope to put our design into execution . ” i have barely escaped ; but i am a good sailor . on	28.511356353759766
his highness ’ s account , whose mandate i had , for the sum of four hundred thousand francs . ” said he ; “ do you know this house , monsieur ? ” monte cristo , “ i allow of no excuse . only never drank , but more , that he had a kind of repugnance to wine . , —something wonderful , an <unk> , a miracle , —of what nature he alone can tell who has mingled with our reason that folly we call hope . the world . deep reverie . comfortably furnished . of teasing me with going all over that again ? ” to rome ? ” exclaimed emmanuel . to follow me ? ” have committed , my lord ,	68.89163970947266
has no call upon human justice , and you can only deliver me from it by blessing me frequently , as you have just done . ” and installed himself across the doorway , while grimaud went and shut himself up in the stable , undertaking that by five o ’ clock in the morning he and the four horses should be ready . this time his legs did not tremble , and his sight was clear ; he went to a corner of his dungeon , detached a stone , and with it knocked against the wall where the sound came . knot ? ” inquired the first speaker . man you take me for ; you are in captain rogers ’ s post , are you	65.00252532958984
not ? the vessel , the time she left marseilles , the course she had taken , and what was her cargo . ” become of your mother ? ” political difference ? ” your sister , my dear cousin . ? ” asked the baroness . own . ” one of the cardinal ’ s favorite means ; he has not one that is more expeditious . matter ? ” asked aramis . granddaughter , mademoiselle de villefort ; it is she who has nursed and tended him for six years , and has , by her devoted attention , fully secured the affection , i had almost said the gratitude , of her grandfather , and it is but just that she should reap the fruit	50.23189926147461
of her devotion . ” mazarin , “ i have been proving it to you this last hour . ” me the happiest of men ! ” he resumed ; “ what a fine plain for <unk> shooting . ” another man , also <unk> as a cavalier , was talking to a scotch sentinel , and , though a foreigner , he seemed to understand without much difficulty the answers given in the broad <unk> dialect . you ’ ll be shut up again in the bastile . ” ? ” chair , drew it toward her , and sat down close beside her . his eminence ? ” the other side of the wall ; the prisoner had discovered the danger , and had substituted a	51.96624755859375
lever for a chisel . quite patent of not drawing back a foot from the accomplishment of the commission with which he was charged , and as the attendant of an executioner might have done in the chamber of torture , he approached anne of austria , from whose eyes at the same instant sprang tears of rage . ! ” sitting upon the board as if on horseback , commenced his perilous descent . shall be accompanied by one who will blow your brains out at the first attempt you make to return to england or the <unk> . ” the rapid gallop of a troop of horsemen . his eminence , the cardinal , whom god preserve for the happiness of france and the confusion of	75.7520523071289
the enemies of the kingdom , is on the point of putting an end to the <unk> rebellion of la rochelle . of athos , d ’ artagnan chose a moment when the ship rolled backward , so that he had only to plunge into the water , which was already up to his waist . these garments fit me ? ” to porthos . him . ” than in the doorway . ” it will be a <unk> action on your part , and i will thank you for it ! ” not hesitate ; but i really pity this poor comte de wardes , since you have ceased to love him . lights , ” said the inspector . . ” ” said madame danglars ,	36.42210006713867
“ i do not require you any longer . ” ” ’ , says the gospel , ” replied the cardinal . to the capitals of their kingdoms . it ; i do not want it , ” said the old man . thing ; namely , to find a man who will not fight . ” ” said valentine , “ depend on me to <unk> the <unk> and arouse the memory of grandpapa ? ” ” put in porthos . you were going , i think , to visit madame de longueville . ” meeting with my son this morning ? ” asked the general . illumined that wretched countenance like the last ray of the sun before it disappears behind the clouds which bear the	38.732818603515625
aspect , not of a downy couch , but of a tomb . madman ! ” murmured m. de tréville , “ unless , ” added he , “ this is a cunning mode of escaping , seeing that he had failed in his purpose ! ” hid the light . man who brought him from lucca ? ” the gendarmes , thrusting dantès forward . to this , du vallon ? ” sum ; a banker never loses an opportunity of <unk> his capital . ” and her daughter haydée had <unk> ’ — ‘ did you know them ? ’ — ‘ my intimacy with the pasha and his unlimited confidence had gained me an introduction to them , and i had seen them above twenty	91.77558135986328
times . ’ been a stranger , a foreigner , a simple lord , like that englishman who came to demand satisfaction three or four months since , and whom i killed to get rid of , i should not have taken this trouble ; but i thought this mark of consideration due to you . any hesitation , only waiting to press the count ’ s hand fervently , he swallowed the mysterious substance offered by monte cristo . my boots ; and when he has done , i will , if you like , send him to you to brush your shoes . ” precious privilege of assuring you of my fond , faithful , and unalterable affection , whenever you visit your favorite <unk> ,	87.71642303466797
unless , indeed , it <unk> your pride to listen to professions of love from the lips of a poor <unk> , clad in a <unk> and cap . ” pocket a small paper , on which two lines were written , accompanied by a signature and a seal , and presented them to him who had made too prematurely these signs of repugnance . see his own valet de chambre , whom he had not brought , that he might not inconvenience monte cristo . drew a line , or in other words projected a street , at the farther side of the kitchen-garden . , ” said the soldier . sir , ” and the sailor took from his coat a handkerchief , tied at each	61.95318603515625
corner . , your prisoner ? ” too much ! ” cried buckingham , making a step toward the door . englishman chapter xxxi . glance around him . been an ancestor of your eminence . ” no inclination to laugh , such a real ear <unk> did porthos appear . the room without having spoken to the beautiful girl with the soft eyes , who by a strange fancy , although she bore no resemblance , reminded him of his poor little louise , whom he had left in the chateau de la valliere and whom , in the midst of all the party , he had never for one moment quite forgotten . leave the matter to me , ” returned signor pastrini in a tone	51.82457733154297
indicative of unbounded <unk> . mazarin , “ as women suffer in avenging themselves . . ” then ? ” , d ’ <unk> ambition , porthos ? ” is the custom of these soldiers to act thus and that it is usual for the regiment to form themselves into two solid walls when the king goes by ? ” ; he then heard a noise of something falling , and all was silent . he uttered the comte roused himself from the kind of lethargy in which he had sunk . way , i beg , sir , ” quickly exclaimed the cardinal , “ be so good as to pass by yonder gallery , by which you can regain the hall . our papers were quickly	87.19918060302734
written out , and certainly do not come very <unk> ” this joke elicited a fresh burst of applause . name in france , but is common enough in <unk> and epirus ; it is as if you said , for example , chastity , modesty , innocence , —it is a kind of baptismal name , as you parisians call it . ” said the queen , “ be as grateful as you like , it does not implicate me ; you are here safe and sound , that is all i wished for ; you are not only welcome , but welcome back . ” m. franz , to provoke him , and to fight with him ; all that would be folly . of this	70.6038589477539
ether and water ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ our honor as soldiers is lost to us forever ! ” whose name had never once been uttered by athos , gave d ’ artagnan uneasiness . of milady ’ s countenance , she said , “ pardon me , madame ; you know him by what title ? ” refund of any money paid by a user who notifies you in writing ( or by e-mail ) within 30 days of receipt that s/he does not agree to the terms of the full project gutenberg™ license . anything alone , ” said d ’ artagnan , shaking his head . creaked and a man appeared in the dress of a cavalier , wrapped in a brown cloak	54.53639221191406
, with a lantern in one hand and a large beaver hat pulled down over his eyes . now what did i do with that letter ? ” buckingham in my behalf , and you will tell him i am acquainted with all the preparations he has made ; but that they give me no uneasiness , since at the first step he takes i will ruin the queen . ” walk i will call on him and we will talk . solitary confinement , and to be closely watched and guarded . the gascon , “ this is a promising beginning . ” ? ” for example , ” said richelieu : “ when , in <unk> , for a cause similar to that which moves the	55.869937896728516
duke , king henry iv. , of glorious memory , was about , at the same time , to <unk> flanders and italy , in order to attack austria on both sides . points of english horses . ” palais royal d ’ artagnan saw a sergeant , who was <unk> six or seven hundred citizens . ” he said . murmured baron danglars , “ this must surely be a prince instead of a count by their styling him ‘ excellency , ’ and only venturing to address him by the medium of his valet de chambre . let me die , for if i live i shall lose my reason and become mad . one of us , ” said porthos . , ” replied d	77.11367797851562
’ artagnan , coolly . to the house of a spaniard , who , he said , had become <unk> as an englishman by the guineas of his new compatriots . his course toward paris , and reaching paris went straight to rue tiquetonne . ask m. de monte cristo for letters to the directors of the theatres at rome and naples , i expressed my fears of travelling as a woman ; he perfectly understood them , and undertook to procure for me a man ’ s passport , and two days after i received this , to which i have added with my own hand , ‘ travelling with his sister . ’ ” . ” ” said athos , “ i will take care of	48.35338592529297
that . ” he said , when he saw that dantès had read the last line , “ put the two fragments together , and judge for yourself. ” dantès obeyed , and the <unk> pieces gave the following : he in a low voice . word of honor . ” , we will not forget you ; make your mind easy . madame de villefort has poured into your glass , <unk> would have been doomed ! ” seeking for me in paris , i would take , without sound of drum or trumpet , the road to picardy , and would go and make some inquiries concerning my three companions . sort of courier , covered with dust , the bearer of a letter from the	55.682861328125
duke to the cardinal , giving testimony to the valor of d ’ artagnan and porthos . he said to porthos . her for an instant with an expression of the deepest tenderness , then , turning towards the notary , he significantly winked his eye in token of <unk> . she , “ it is superfluous for me to tell you that valentine ’ s marriage is broken off , since it was here that the affair was concluded . ” for the pleasure you give me in thus affording me the opportunity of thanking you as i have blessed you , from the bottom of my heart . ” albert . aware you may go alone , since i once met you in <unk> to accompany	40.68740463256836
the mysterious monte cristo ? ” now disturbed the heavy atmosphere . misfortune which threatened her and the abandonment in which she was left , she broke out into sobs and tears . swimming toward us . dignified step , and some little haste . gnashing his teeth and wringing his hands with fury . ” asked the count with deep emotion . know , ” said de guiche , haughtily . ! ” cried the gascon , who reckoned upon this letter for making his way at court . ” replied mercédès , with her eloquent glance ; “ you are right , my love ; let us prove to those who are watching our actions that we are worthy of compassion . ” yes , that	58.3875617980957
is <unk> ” she was thinking of something else . find it so yourself , ” said aramis , with a sigh . you wish me to do ? you . ” villefort , “ he had put it in the foundling hospital . ” his ear , to which the officer replied by a motion of his head . extricate yourself from your present difficulties ; and when you are full of money again , you can redeem it , and take it back <unk> from its ancient stains , as it will have passed through the hands of <unk> . ” ? ” athos , when aramis and he were in the boat again , “ are you beginning to be convinced that we should have	37.4461555480957
done a bad turn to all these people in arresting mazarin ? ” each other . ” said , with desperate politeness , “ it seems to me that you change your costume almost as rapidly as i have seen the italian <unk> do , whom the cardinal mazarin brought over from <unk> and whom he doubtless took you to see during your travels in france . ” in the war for <unk> . paris , danglars ’ heart failed him , and he lived in constant fear of dantès ’ return on a mission of vengeance . cried d ’ artagnan , enlightened by a sudden idea , “ my lord ! ; at that period of his life , i lost sight of my young comrade	73.49436950683594
. ” the sounds spread to a distance beneath the vaulted roofs , and carried with them a magic charm to soften the hearts of her jailers . that the place you may select have a small harbor , creek , or bay , into which my corvette can enter and remain at anchor . ! ” cried porthos , “ this butcher of unarmed <unk> ! ” the major . office is located at 809 north 1500 west , salt lake city , ut 84116 , ( 801 ) 596-1887 . we , too , belong to a party ? has saved a queen and made monsieur de richelieu confess that in point of talent , address and political skill , to him he was only a	179.70431518554688
<unk> . ” exert a mysterious and almost uncontrollable influence over all the members of our family . ” sir , ” continued she , “ and i thank you for having made such haste to bring it to me ; without this letter i should not have heard till to-morrow , perhaps after <unk> last of all paris . ” ” said albert , “ whatever disease or doctor may have killed her , m. de villefort , or rather , mademoiselle valentine , —or , still rather , our friend franz , inherits a magnificent fortune , amounting , i believe , to 80,000 livres per annum . ” from all the rest of the world , and they only spoke in broken words , which	70.15617370605469
are the <unk> of a joy so extreme that they seem rather the expression of sorrow . in the orangery ? ” he asked in a trembling voice , remembering the visits he had been paying to his treasury . one , two , or three more are added ? ! —on me ? ” , ” said porthos , in his tranquil way . ) our clothes . ” half a mile when planchet came close up to d ’ artagnan . whole thing . athos , “ we have another reason ; it is <unk> : in france at this moment everything is poor and paltry . listened , and she heard nothing . an extraordinary story , ” said beauchamp ; “ is it not	70.70756530761719
? ” lackeys retired . will , ” replied aramis and porthos , with admirable promptness and decision , as if that were the simplest thing in the world , “ to be sure we will get you out ; but meantime , as we are to set off the day after tomorrow , you would do much better not to risk this bastille . ” orangery to the hunting lodge . the king , “ undoubtedly my haste accuses you wrongfully ; without doubt the rioters are in prison , and you come to tell me justice is done . ” barely enabled him to stifle the secret dantès had so nearly divulged . i have written to you to tell you that i love you .	69.60819244384766
escape <unk> in order to secure success , the magic of a <unk> seduction was necessary . moment , and <unk> his pale cheeks with his nails . week to <unk> all that . the confidential valet of the duke , who , having accompanied him in all his voyages , spoke french perfectly well ; he told him that he came from paris on an affair of life and death , and that he must speak with his master instantly . added , addressing the boy who waited . in a promising quarter and you will soon , i hope , have news that will be agreeable to you . ” the stairs ; she pretended to be descending , but in reality she was waiting for	59.552188873291016
him . to dine . at the sudden <unk> of my ingots ? has returned to paris , has she ? ” inquired the baroness . a <unk> in the rue bourdonnais . ” villefort let her son slip from her knees , valentine rose , pale and dumb as a statue . have claimed his attention , franz was too deeply occupied with the beautiful greek to take any note of it ; while she seemed to experience an almost childlike delight in watching it , her eager , animated looks contrasting strongly with the utter indifference of her companion , who , during the whole time the piece lasted , never even moved , not even when the furious , <unk> din produced by the trumpets	100.7729263305664
, <unk> , and chinese bells sounded their loudest from the orchestra . ballet , which was one of those excellent <unk> of the italian school , admirably arranged and put on the stage by henri , who has established for himself a great reputation throughout italy for his taste and skill in the <unk> <unk> of those <unk> productions of grace , method , and elegance in which the whole <unk> de <unk> , from the principal <unk> to the humblest supernumerary , are all engaged on the stage at the same time ; and a hundred and fifty persons may be seen exhibiting the same attitude , or <unk> the same arm or leg with a simultaneous movement , that would lead you to suppose that	120.18016052246094
but one mind , one act of <unk> , influenced the moving mass . this place , at the inn of the red dovecot . ” dwell upon her with the same expression . the queen ; “ how is that ? ” minutes they perceived the carriage drawn up by the roadside ; a cavalier , richly dressed , was close to the door . ’ think , what he had not for a long time dared to believe , that there were two mercédès in the world , and he might yet be happy . am but a man , and your admiration is as unmerited as your words are sacrilegious . ” is there anything to be so surprised at ? ” he said .	55.59339904785156
? ” there is a fight , he must flee . find athos ? danglars , “ since we can not leave this port for the next three months , let us hope that ere the expiration of that period dantès will be set at liberty . ” with the demon of hatred , and endeavoring to insinuate in the ear of the shipowner some evil suspicions against his comrade , and follow dantès , who , after having traversed la canebière , took the rue de noailles , and entering a small house , on the left of the allées de meilhan , rapidly ascended four flights of a dark staircase , holding the baluster with one hand , while with the other he repressed the beatings	64.47102355957031
of his heart , and paused before a half-open door , from which he could see the whole of a small room . blow the pickaxe struck against an iron substance . that ? ” said mordaunt . before this majestic spectacle , as if he now beheld it for the first time ; and indeed since his captivity in the château d ’ if he had forgotten that such scenes were ever to be witnessed . i will go myself . ” morcerf ; “ you are , then , going to a <unk> will be very dull for you . ” refuse , my son ? ” inquired the old man . pours there is no antidote . ” acknowledged no other king but his eminence	42.270851135253906
. not quit their hotel in the rue du helder , their walk on the boulevard de gand , and the café de paris . ” of the king ’ s health , a report of his convalescence began to prevail in the camp ; and as he was very anxious to be in person at the siege , it was said that as soon as he could mount a horse he would set forward . here , ” she said , “ anything but general conditions ; the interests of the prince de conti or of the <unk> de beaufort , de bouillon and d ’ elbeuf and of the coadjutor , are <unk> consulted ; but with regard to yours ? ” xxx . touched the	41.312355041503906
ground when a door opened and the voice of the valet-de-chambre called out : no , ” said the general , smiling faintly , “ i did not come for that purpose ; you are right .	13.61524772644043
Average perplexity: 95.41560347865904
