heard , so he redoubled his blows . procureur , looking at the doctor with uneasiness , “ if you wish <unk> you demand it , why then it shall be done . him that one part of the wall gave forth a more hollow and deeper echo ; he eagerly advanced , and with the quickness of perception that no one but a prisoner possesses , saw that there , in all probability , the opening must be . . ” the host , “ we will do all in our power to procure you <unk> is all i can say . ” tréville , ” said the king ; “ listen to him ! power and he let us go . doubtless have failed had they	102.38824462890625
not been assisted by twenty soldiers of the regiment of italians in the king ’ s service , who are in garrison in this town so that your friends were overpowered by numbers . ” , that we may act well and quickly . ” ” , think so ? ” inquired the marquise . cried the queen , “ you forget that i have never said that i love you . ” the door the coadjutor knocked . to <unk> ? ” and i was not mistaken . ” in all times and in all countries , particularly if religious <unk> exist in those countries , <unk> who ask nothing better than to become martyrs . up to the last moment . ” and shut , and	109.69125366210938
i remained overwhelmed , less , i confess it , by my grief than by the mortification of not having avenged myself . my eyes that there is nothing but devotion and sympathy in my heart ? ” a touch of vanity , has many excellent qualities . . ” said the minister of police to villefort , as they left the tuileries , “ you entered by luck ’ s <unk> fortune is made . ” secretaries , will remit this letter of introduction to his eminence , the cardinal mazarin , in paris . suspicion ; and when next day , taking a fowling-piece , powder , and shot , dantès declared his intention to go and kill some of the wild goats that were seen	157.04432678222656
springing from rock to rock , his wish was <unk> into a love of sport , or a desire for solitude . madame ? ” . ” up to the present time because we believed each other dead , and because a remembrance is less <unk> than a living creature , though a remembrance is sometimes devouring . ” trust , excuse me , monsieur , for not calling you by your title when i first addressed you , ” he said , “ but you are aware that we are living under a popular form of government , and that i am myself a representative of the <unk> of the people . ” monsieur , you are well informed . ” speak frankly to you . feverish	91.5047836303711
impatience . <unk> of this <unk> . ” was brought up in corsica ; you are old and obstinate , i am young and wilful . count ? ” continued he . the sensations of the moment . man , of fair <unk> little too fair , <unk> in manners ; but you will see and judge for yourself . ” died away when signor pastrini himself entered . danglars received a most flattering epistle from the count , in which he entreated her to receive back her favorite “ dappled grays , ” <unk> that he could not endure the idea of making his entry into the parisian world of fashion with the knowledge that his splendid equipage had been obtained at the price of a lovely	140.4900360107422
woman ’ s regrets . ” all the doors in with a single push of his shoulder ; and i expected to see him leave rueil in the same way as <unk> left <unk> . say what it was ! ” porthos . no , ” said grimaud . and baptistin , springing from the box , inquired whether monsieur and madame herbault and monsieur maximilian morrel would see his excellency the count of monte cristo . family affairs , perhaps ? ” shall not only go alone to the duke of bracciano ’ s , but also return to florence alone . ” prefer sacrificing the whole , so that it would obtain me a happy and affectionate home . ” said the officer . of a	109.87252044677734
woman could contain of haughty contempt and disdainful words , i poured out upon this man . not in your right senses , i swear . ” the countess to pieces ; he tied her hands behind her , and hanged her on a tree . ” the jailer was coming . and manner in which the command was given , betokened such growing hostility that the two young men perceived , for the first time , that the mandate was addressed to them . would then be the accomplice of an assassination . ” motives that person may have for trying to extract all he can from you ? ” anxiety to know what had become of edmond . impatience . quarter after midnight collect your men	165.8617401123047
. destroy it ? ” is why m. and madame de saint-méran have died ; that is why m. noirtier was sentenced the day he made you his heir ; that is why you , in your turn , are to <unk> is because your father would inherit your property , and your brother , his only son , succeed to his . ” ; receive me , oh , my lord ! ” for , desired , and coveted , is the life of an artist , free and independent , relying only on my own resources , and accountable only to myself . you and the count and countess of morcerf to this dinner , i should give it the appearance of being a matrimonial meeting	126.87793731689453
, or at least madame de morcerf would look upon the affair in that light , especially if baron danglars did me the honor to bring his daughter . speak to me always in the same strain about him . ” left off laughing , now that you speak french . ” ; like you , i hesitated , but the count ’ s eloquence <unk> me . ” <unk> tavern , and the host , who recognized him , was delighted to see him again with such a numerous and promising company . was : , blushed like a rose , and leaned against the baluster . allow me to assure you that your blow was so well directed that you have nearly killed your man .	122.40705871582031
” avoid this dangerous enemy , and returned as late as possible in the evening . chapter lvi . tréville and walking with him toward the embrasure of a window , “ well , monsieur , ” continued he , “ you say it is his eminence ’ s guards who have sought a quarrel with your musketeers ? ” precedes ordination , a thesis is always a requisite . ” exclamation on seeing the young men together . am looking for , ” thought d ’ artagnan ; “ but alas ! a hurry that you have no time to pass the time of day with your friends ? ” answered mazarin , “ desires me to do only what i was going to ask you to	70.72321319580078
let me do . all who knock . it is for you to accuse her first . ” the four friends turned round . and mingled in the crowd who followed on foot . all that was <unk> is , until nine the next morning . his hand across his brow . the prize given by the jockey <unk> gold cup , you <unk> a very singular circumstance occurred about that race . ” he , “ m . dragged himself to the door of the cell . it is true ; but what signifies that ? albert , with a sigh , “ it seems you are determined to marry me . ” , that they had insisted on my keeping the matter a secret , and	95.44451904296875
begged me not to tell you anything of it . full casks , ” said blaisois , “ for he has already been in the hold with monsieur le chevalier d ’ artagnan . of the pickaxe between the coffer and the lid , and pressing with all his force on the handle , burst open the <unk> . and relate your secrets , but , as for me , i do not like anyone who is alarmed by such <unk> , and i do not choose that my servants should be afraid to walk in the garden of an evening . beauchamp . reflect upon in eternal darkness ! monsieur , ” said the duchess , “ you are a true nobleman ! silence which death seemed	72.28559112548828
to impose ; at length valentine ventured . going ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . , ” said the music <unk> , seating herself by the side of her friend . kinds better than anything ; so that he related to me how in the plains of the <unk> the natives hunt the tiger and the wild bull with simple running <unk> which they throw to a distance of twenty or thirty paces the end of a cord with such nicety ; but in face of the proof i was obliged to acknowledge the truth of the recital . to be in possession of these secrets without the hope of seeing the victims and society generally revenged . ” beaufort , but he is the least dangerous	129.81289672851562
among them . and yet i recollect all things as clearly as if they had happened but then . tent , reclining on a truss of hay , of which his horse stole some mouthfuls ; the young man ’ s eyes were red and he seemed <unk> . shall live here , like the mercédès of other times , gaining my bread by labor , would not be true , nor would you believe me . saw him until that moment , and have not seen him since . ” is the dignity of your rank alone which makes you cruel to me ; i can believe that , had you been madame de chevreuse , poor buckingham might have hoped . you really are ? ”	135.07470703125
said he , “ who were repeating the whole of the sorrowful story ; from them i learned it all . ” joy and terror , such as this man of stupendous emotions had already experienced twice or thrice in his lifetime . only before sparkling , but now you are brilliant ; take compassion on us , or , like jupiter , you will <unk> us up . ” right ; go up the first flight and knock at number one . had only two rooms and a parlor on the third floor , which he offered at the low charge of a louis per <unk> . accustomed to the count ’ s pallor , which had so forcibly struck him at their first meeting . began	161.83462524414062
mousqueton timidly . he said , “ now , my lad , you may claim your seven hundred livres , but you did not run much risk with such a note as that . ” saying that m. noirtier having at the commencement of the discussion been attacked by a sort of apoplectic fit , the affair would necessarily be deferred for some days longer . not let me out by the door ? ” for a short time among her flowers , but without gathering them . my soul much more than in my body . ” lord , ” replied the prisoner , with majesty ; “ for though i hear your words , i declare i do not understand them . ” of the king	92.56929016113281
was now and then uttered <unk> amid all these cardinal jests , a sort of gag seemed to close for a moment on all these jeering mouths . said , bazin had not , by his fortunate return , removed more than a part of the uneasiness which weighed upon the four friends . <unk> , while he was about it , to have made some <unk> in the garden , but the count had positively forbidden it to be touched . call acting generously , knowing your conspiracy and not informing against you , that is what i should call becoming your accomplice . . leave me alone with maximilian . ” . reappear , bringing with it all those <unk> remembrances , which are like perfumes	204.96022033691406
more than thoughts . highness ’ s <unk> i must beg for half an hour ’ s leave of absence . ” d ’ artagnan , “ from this very day ; and mind , if the wine is bad , we will send him to find better . ” ? ” conquer , as she had hitherto done , men prompt to let themselves be seduced , and whom the gallant education of a court led quickly into her <unk> . who <unk> you , mademoiselle . ” kept her word ; she gave albert no sign of her existence the morrow or the day after . the old chateau the first person seen by our ambassador was maitre bernouin in person , who , standing on	145.43443298339844
the threshold , awaited news of his vanished master . . , and there is not the least question of love in this letter ; but , on the other hand , there is abundant question of you . ” approaching it to a light . to become of royalty ? ” a meeting six weeks ago in order to talk over and settle the affair ; but i had such a sudden attack of <unk> ” madame , ” replied the woman , “ it is as i have said . ” as may plainly be perceived , already sacrificing , in intention , the poor girl in order to obtain milady , <unk> . , are you worse ? ” exclaimed valentine , perceiving all these	90.07488250732422
signs of agitation . that you have inspired not only the <unk> government , but also the neighboring states , with such extreme fear , that they are glad of all opportunity of making an example . ” alone in the world ; he uses my property without <unk> for the use he makes of it ; he is sure never to leave my service . ” of italian the baron had learned from hearing his daughter sing italian <unk> with cavalcanti . which d ’ artagnan had generously relinquished . were heard hailing the concierge . the count , “ it is no longer in my power to restore you to happiness , but i offer you consolation ; will you deign to accept it as coming	127.89908599853516
from a friend ? ” thought , milady ’ s wound was not dangerous . , ” said the cardinal , “ it is not necessary to steal his confidence , but to present yourself frankly and <unk> as a negotiator . ” astonishing , when you think of the grief i ought to be in , that i shut myself up ? <unk> me ! ” , monsieur d ’ artagnan , give him that name . ” tréville , lowering his voice , and looking into every corner of the apartment to see if they were alone , “ now let us talk about yourself , my young friend ; for it is evident that your happy return has something to do with the joy of	63.165584564208984
the king , the triumph of the queen , and the humiliation of his eminence . in coming from the yard to this place ; then my strength gave out and i fainted again . ” louis xiii . leave france . de bragelonne , ” answered raoul , blushing at being unable to name his father , as the count de guiche had done . , “ i forgot the recommendation of de comminges , who advised me to take a guard and place it at this door , in order not to put myself at the mercy of that <unk> combination of <unk> ” and with a movement of impatience he turned to <unk> his steps . corsican that you <unk> mysteries or <unk> . with	78.50172424316406
his eyes until the two lovers disappeared behind one of the angles of fort saint <unk> ; then , turning round , he perceived fernand , who had fallen , pale and trembling , into his chair , while caderousse stammered out the words of a <unk> . a compatriot , a handsome cavalier , a brave youth , quite fit to make his way , should become the dupe of all these <unk> and fall into the snare after the example of so many others who have been ruined by it . for ten years of being your husband , mercédès , and to lose that hope , which was the only stay of my existence ! ” for ; i will apprise my mother of my	102.17222595214844
intention , and return to you . ” if the whole hostelry had been removed from his breast . ” ? ” flash of lightning , illumined the road , and with the flash was heard the whistling of balls , which were fired <unk> in the air . s nothing , ” said d ’ artagnan . and from this moment i will endeavor to model myself after him . ” wine , aramis ? ” said athos . prisoner toward the table , and upon a sign from the commissary drew back so far as to be unable to hear anything . man was beside him . ? , or rather , so much the better ; it has been so ordained that he may have	53.88624572753906
none to weep his fate . ” shore , abandoned themselves gaily to the current . your excellency , ” said peppino , with an eagerness which danglars thought favorable to him . a serene smile just at the moment he was bowing to her . be content with that answer , ” replied the visitor , “ for i come from one to whom everyone must be at home . ” cried the duke . would be useless . think now of the affair ? saw his way more plainly in proportion as he went on towards the light , which served in some manner as a guide . story simply , with the <unk> of names . generous heart should be accepted generously . had been	112.49357604980469
closed on morrel ’ s entrance , it was again opened for the count . ’ s consent i shall fulfil the promise which i have made you . ” considering the singular shudder that had passed over the count of monte cristo at the moment when he had been , in some sort , forced to give his hand to albert . think , there are paltry country <unk> who have all some title or another and pretend to go back as far as charlemagne , or at least to <unk> <unk> . he asked , “ where does your eminence wish monsieur comte de la fere to be lodged ? ” common gray <unk> and velvet cap , but his carefully arranged hair , beard and	106.75332641601562
moustache , all of the richest and <unk> black , ill accorded with his plebeian attire . , then ? ? ” asked raoul . to remain in the department of the <unk> , one of the most open and strictly guarded in france ; this was quite out of the question , especially to a man like andrea , perfectly conversant with criminal matters . madame , in my wish ” ( he laid an emphasis on the word ) , “ that your majesty should receive the coadjutor . ” did not fall , as he did not declare himself conquered , but only broke away toward the hôtel of m. de la trémouille , in whose service he had a relative , d ’ artagnan	107.07740783691406
was ignorant of the seriousness of the last wound his adversary had received , and pressing him warmly , without doubt would soon have completed his work with a third blow , when the noise which arose from the street being heard in the tennis court , two of the friends of the guardsman , who had seen him go out after exchanging some words with d ’ artagnan , rushed , sword in hand , from the court , and fell upon the conqueror . the banker ; “ i have appeared rather ridiculous since that affair of benedetto , so i remain in the background . ” efforts of <unk> of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life . where is this house	125.72522735595703
that i purchase ? ” asked the count carelessly , addressing himself half to bertuccio , half to the notary . never , ” said the marchioness . ” asked the wounded man , fixing his half opened eyes on grimaud . ” ” said milady . he handled in his pocket the fifty pistoles he had gained from groslow with a degree of satisfaction which betrayed itself in his whole bearing . said d ’ artagnan , “ go and announce to the people through the grating that they are going to be satisfied and that in five minutes they shall not only see the king , but they shall see him in bed ; add that the king sleeps and that the queen begs that they	85.37301635742188
will keep silence , so as not to awaken him . ” athos and aramis and held out his hand to them . monsieur , ” replied madame de chevreuse with her most gracious smile . ’ clock in the morning when a slight noise like a stifled sigh reached his ear . ” he said , “ did i alarm you much ? ” to ? ” he inquired . s face suddenly brightened . house of my noble protector , but i do it from choice . wine is beyond all price near rome . ” i have reflected on your arguments and i am convinced . came . ” host , who entertained no doubt that it was the presence of the young man that	64.51303100585938
drove the stranger from his hostelry , <unk> to his wife ’ s chamber , and found d ’ artagnan just recovering his senses . the affirmative . , “ i much fear that what you ask for are very rare things in this detestable and barren country , and i think we should do better to go and seek hospitality from the owner of a little house we see on the fringe of the forest . ” paulet , for she was always very much the fashion . villefort , “ what is it ? —who rang ? —who asked for me ? ” hill the count dismounted and began to ascend by a little winding path , about eighteen inches wide ; when he reached the	147.90548706054688
summit he found himself stopped by a hedge , upon which green fruit had succeeded to red and white flowers . him . ” , ” he shouted , “ the queen is signing ! ” accustomed to darkness that he could see a pin in the darkest corner of his dungeon . ” and examining the smallest object with serious attention , he thought he could trace , on certain rocks , marks made by the hand of man . places by the <unk> . told you , to reach the outer wall , pierce through it , and throw myself into the sea ; i have , however , kept along the corridor on which your chamber opens , instead of going beneath it . milady	138.41783142089844
, with a solemnity full of melancholy , “ imagine that your sister , the daughter of your father , speaks to you . small piece of paper , on which were written these <unk> ‘ from lord ruthven to countess g—— . ’ ” for i could swim along the ditch without being seen , and i reached the canal in safety . was alighting from his horse at the gate of the jolly miller , without <unk> , waiter , or <unk> to hold his <unk> or take his horse , d ’ artagnan <unk> , though an open window on the ground floor , a gentleman , <unk> and of good carriage , although of rather a stern countenance , talking with two persons who	129.69384765625
appeared to listen to him with respect . letter of advice ? ” i saw them , and yet whenever i have seen the king in danger i have thought of them . ” out ; depend upon it the custom-house people went <unk> about the ship in our absence , and discovered poor dantès ’ hidden treasures . ” of having reached the end of the route he had only <unk> its beginning , and he therefore turned round and <unk> his steps . the cardinal . themselves in a little harbor , formed in a natural creek ; the boat <unk> on the fine sand . which you know will be agreeable to her . ” , ” continued the cardinal , “ you performed sundry	101.85307312011719
superb exploits in the last reign . ” is perfectly <unk> ! i have three or four more , so that you will not inconvenience me in any way . ’ clock they reached the first houses in noisy ; every one was in bed and not a light was to be seen in the village . took his place on the sofa , closed the open book , and placing himself in a dreadfully <unk> attitude , he began playing with the dog ; but the animal , not liking him as well as debray , and attempting to bite him , danglars seized him by the skin of his neck and threw him upon a couch on the other side of the room . , ”	84.13495635986328
said the queen , “ you are seriously afraid of a public tumult . ” it by listening to her conversation with the cardinal . ” when she was plunged in the deepest and darkest of these reflections that the door of the chamber opened , and the king entered . felton , “ till tonight . ” choice of your costumes to me , ” said the count to the two friends , “ i have had these brought , as they will be the most worn this year ; and they are most suitable , on account of the <unk> ( sweetmeats ) , as they do not show the <unk> . ” which he lived furnished , passed only a few hours in the day	60.48313522338867
there , and rarely slept there . . ” a smile of visible satisfaction ; but this smile soon disappeared , and returning to the adventure of meung , “ tell me , ” continued he , “ had not this gentlemen a slight scar on his cheek ? ” long ago , ” answered porthos . please . to make one remark ? ” stabbed just as i was trampling the ground to fill up the hole ; while doing so i had leaned against a <unk> ; behind me was an artificial <unk> , intended to serve as a resting-place for persons walking in the garden ; in falling , my hand , <unk> its hold of the <unk> , felt the coldness of the stone	143.554931640625
. , ” cried guitant . turn , bowed , and an imperceptible smile appeared on the face of grimaud , who kept behind la ramee . to be clever , athos , ” observed aramis , “ i really do think you would be <unk> than poor monsieur de voiture . ” your wishes , grandpapa ? ” said valentine , addressing noirtier . order you to treat me in this way ? ” not the count of monte cristo . ” to resume the cassock . off guard , complained of having a cold , and <unk> from time to time <unk> . triumph . ” dear companion , ” said he , “ you speak of the <unk> , <unk> , and princesses of others	60.565731048583984
? ” not forsaken him . height he had ascended the previous evening , and strained his view to catch every peculiarity of the <unk> ; but it wore the same wild , barren aspect when seen by the rays of the morning sun which it had done when surveyed by the <unk> glimmer of eve . mother ; château-renaud recounted it at the jockey club , and debray detailed it at length in the salons of the minister ; even beauchamp accorded twenty lines in his journal to the relation of the count ’ s courage and gallantry , thereby <unk> him as the greatest hero of the day in the eyes of all the feminine members of the aristocracy . d ’ artagnan , “ and	169.05203247070312
spur for your dear lives ! ” , so i left off there . ” eh ! ” stammered caderousse . his auditors ; “ at the moment you left his house ? ” m. dandré ! ” cried de blacas . stake the furniture against the horse . ” rival who was beloved ; it was himself who was apparently beloved . my master always is to receive the vicomte , ” said baptistin ; “ and i should therefore never think of including him in any general order . ” what do you say to la <unk> ? , unlimited , ” said monte cristo . present was an ineffable abyss . a large hall in which waited the deputies from la rochelle , headed by	120.44681549072266
the prince de <unk> , and introduced him into a closet where buckingham , just out of the bath , was finishing his toilet , upon which , as at all times , he bestowed extraordinary attention . the englishman , “ i have the key of that door ; ” and he opened the door , with a trembling hand , into the second compartment , where mousqueton and blaisois were preparing supper . to the utmost . ? ” understand me ! commission with which i deign to charge you , and on that condition i pardon everything , i forget everything ; and what is more , ” and she held out her hand to him , “ i restore my love . ” or	63.136192321777344
three years i had allowed myself some respite . father , that they should either ask the cardinals to open the cupboard , or shake hands with them ; but alexander vi . he ; “ is that you ? the queen , “ i think myself as much honored to have received you this evening as if you had been a prince , and i wish to know your name . ” fere . ” the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg™ license when you share it without charge with others . found on their return that the count of monte cristo , who had come to visit them in their absence , had been	70.705810546875
ushered into the drawing-room , and was still awaiting them there . grimaud . if you please , or tomorrow at the latest , we will meet . ” , his majesty ’ s lackey . ” penetrating gray eyes were opened to the utmost . ’ clock danglars had remained in his study , <unk> his <unk> , and becoming more and more sad every minute , <unk> figure upon figure , and receiving , among other visits , one from major cavalcanti , who , as stiff and exact as ever , presented himself precisely at the hour named the night before , to terminate his business with the banker . horse , ” cried he . replied noirtier . a corner of the room ,	126.23933410644531
where he himself would be in deep shadow , while the light would be fully thrown on the narrator ; then , with head bent down and hands clasped , or rather clenched together , he prepared to give his whole attention to caderousse , who seated himself on the little stool , exactly opposite to him . , but these details are necessary , and you promised to be patient . ” a ring which comes from my sovereign ? concealed behind a small ruin , where morrel had often waited . bethune , who has just been brought in here , assassinated by spaniards , and who is now being confessed by an augustine friar . ” grimaud , still <unk> his accounts . only grumbled	167.50706481933594
. ” asked madame danglars . then , a valet de chambre who knows paris ? ” said beauchamp . a smile of condescension was stamped upon his lips . the great d ’ <unk> m. de villefort , to come , but have not much hope of seeing him . ” ” ” that we are making a great trouble of a very simple thing . him , sir ! —he only <unk> , he never bites . ” so completely transformed , thanks to the old clothes that the departing husband had left behind , that d ’ artagnan himself could hardly recognize him . ” bed and appeared to listen with profound attention . villefort ; “ oh , doctor , what a dreadful word	85.04901885986328
is that . ” ; but it would have been more <unk> not upon the scaffold . ” sitting down , “ sir , ” said he , “ i just now accompanied m. de morcerf , as you saw . ” should soon grow weary of a convent life ; she resolved , then , to risk something in order that she might know how to act afterward . with his <unk> <unk> were replaced in the pocket-book , the gold put back into the bag , and the whole carefully locked in the cupboard . memory is equally short in everything , vampa , ” said the count , “ and that not only do you forget people ’ s faces , but also the conditions	76.82875061035156
you make with them . ” are going to spoil <unk> is going on famously . the count , taking her two hands in his , “ all that you could say in words would never express what i read in your eyes ; the thoughts of your heart are fully understood by mine . but i am severely . ” he , “ my good friends are down yonder , and they will not allow me to be carried away without a struggle . , followed by m. de villefort . system . bitter laugh <unk> from the depths . was a tremendous clap of thunder , accompanied by a flash of lightning so vivid , that it quite eclipsed the light of the lamp . of	111.1122817993164
the great man ! ” cried bonacieux . , this worthy porthos has just received a sword wound and i am taking him to his country house at saint cloud . ” d ’ artagnan , who began to understand . and , continuing to read , he threw back his head , saying : towards the glass , but as soon as her trembling arm left the bed the apparition advanced more quickly towards her , and approached the young girl so closely that she fancied she heard his breath , and felt the pressure of his hand . ! ” said mme . might be the triumph gained over so vulgar a being as bonacieux , did not the less enjoy it for an instant ;	103.63487243652344
then , almost immediately , as if a fresh thought has occurred , a smile played upon his lips , and he said , offering his hand to the mercer , “ rise , my friend , you are a worthy man . ” replied villefort ; “ i say that this marriage <unk> be consummated . ” arms he became almost supreme <unk> of <unk> , epirus , and adjacent territory . doing with me ? ” within him at the sight of those two children , whom he had not seen for two years and whom he now met at the moment of death . words , the count rose to depart . , and i see nobody ! ” ; i like dantès . corridor	70.46807861328125
, all the doors of which he found open ; so , too , was the door of athos ’ s chamber and that of the park . poison he fell a victim to was intended for him ? ” <unk> the treaty proposed by the parisians . ’ ” come into possession of two horses , but i have lost my own . no mistake about it . ” angry with me , madame ; you sent me away . ” spurred their steeds and took the road to paris . brother of coligny . ” the palais de justice was opened , and they went through a long <unk> of gloomy corridors , whose appearance might have made even the <unk> shudder . that ? by	80.99645233154297
this delay , and you are now about to hear it . cavalier , henrietta ? ” asked the queen . the point from whence rome is first visible , the traveller evinced none of the enthusiastic curiosity which usually leads strangers to stand up and endeavor to catch sight of the dome of saint peter ’ s , which may be seen long before any other object is <unk> . said , turning to athos , “ was it not in compassion to my timidity that you told me that this lady was the duchess de chevreuse , and is she not the queen ? ” danglars , “ the sacrifice was no trifling one , when the beauty of the bride is concerned . biscuit in	110.99842834472656
a glass of spanish wine ; do the same . ” successive attacks , at intervals of some minutes , each one more serious than the former . ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ but kings and queens are strange beings and have odd fancies ; nevertheless , since they are the ones who have riches and honors , we are devoted to them . ” what design m. de monte cristo purchased a house at auteuil ? ” , who had left him only two hours before , the count raised his head , arose , and sprang to meet him . , and does not resemble him at all . before , only do not wait so long , all the springs of life are	104.19564056396484
now exhausted in me , and death , ” he continued , looking at his paralyzed arm and leg , “ has but half its work to do . which dantès , excited by the feeling of freedom , continued to <unk> the waves . well know , my sweet girl , ” said d ’ artagnan . of our companions , who is overtaking us . ” look of tenderness and gratitude that it was comprehended even by the notary himself . i am sure that his majesty is concerned for me and <unk> himself for my death . ” us play upon words , sir . milady , “ you are such a <unk> man , and such an expert swordsman . ” the neck of	84.68868255615234
his horse , in order that he might see without being seen . and find him ? ” inquired franz . the sea , <unk> than the sky , rose <unk> the vast stone structure , whose projecting <unk> seemed like arms extended to seize their prey , and on the highest rock was a torch lighting two figures . need of protection ; for it is fit you should know , monsieur d ’ artagnan , that i have received heavy and serious complaints against you . ” the unhappy fernand did that ? ” of “ live the musketeers ! lips on the same spot , on the old man ’ s forehead , where valentine ’ s had been . everything ; a carriage below	107.55366516113281
is waiting for your majesty . ” the young king to d ’ artagnan , on descending from the carriage , “ the queen has charged me to invite you to dinner <unk> and your friend the baron du vallon . ” in ignorance of the dangers that might <unk> a young girl of her age . seen this ring on the finger of milady ; it was a magnificent sapphire , encircled with <unk> . us concerns ourselves alone , my lord , ” replied d ’ artagnan . the doctor , with increased vehemence , “ there are occasions when i dispense with all foolish human <unk> . advancing toward the square , and the moment the coadjutor and the curate put their feet on the	78.83464050292969
first church step the mendicant arose and <unk> his brush . expect ? met barrois , and looked despairingly at the old servant . to spare a father ’ s feelings , or a mother ’ s sensibility , is not to do a good action , but a simple deed of humanity . ” nights ’ . ” and the rochellais eight or ten . ” follow my <unk> ; walk back and forth till some news of our friends reaches us or till we are visited by a good idea . and left the chamber . announcement of peace . , i beg of you , and let me go where my business calls me . ” in public opinion before the sentence of the law	123.25233459472656
could be pronounced . member of your family ? ” , monsieur de tréville , i am vexed with you ! ” on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement . porta del popolo , turned to the left , and stopped at the hôtel d ’ <unk> . of lemonade was standing just by his side ; poor barrois was very thirsty , and was thankful to drink anything he could find . ” you at that time ? ” porthos , opening his large eyes ; “ what have you got to say ? ” m. de tréville , “ that will be unjust to the guardsmen . <unk> it would	67.61820220947266
have been to serve the cardinal ! and mazarin ascertained that the seal was intact . they stood upon the terrace , from which a flight of stone steps led to the <unk> . ? ” , because my heart , which i thought dead , was only sleeping ; because it has awakened and has begun to beat again , because i have yielded to the pain of the emotion excited in my breast by a woman ’ s voice . behind them . i wish to incur guilt . old greek legend the <unk> , or children of <unk> , were doomed to punishment because of the abominable crime of their father . ? ” against without warning ? like a young man of twenty .	144.47499084472656
, ” murmured caderousse . planchet , “ can it be ? ” , ” stammered lucien . murmured cromwell . ” said château-renaud . ! ” exclaimed baptistin eagerly . <unk> , united , made lieutenant-general , the count of morcerf , peer of france ? ” , morrel , lest i call you ungrateful . ” message from the prince de condé ; he went to meet him at saint cloud and has not returned . ” intended witnessing an execution , but i have never been able to make up my mind ; and you , albert ? ” only ? ” cried caderousse , “ ah , sir , do not jest with me ! ” danglars , while the perspiration started from the	59.50895309448242
roots of his hair . both , ” returned the inspector ; “ i must <unk> perform my duty . ” hour the stone was <unk> from the wall , leaving a <unk> a foot and a half in <unk> . escape you would have to be turned into a bird . ” could not be mistaken in this one thing . that everyone entered heartily into the purpose for which they met ; besides , it would not be <unk> that they would have an opportunity of playing either the cardinal or his people an ill turn , and for such expeditions these worthy gentlemen were always ready . days and nights wholly to the king ’ s service . ” are the only two who are	96.59197235107422
armed . speak ; but she made an affirmative sign with her head as she lay on her father ’ s breast . man who rode at the side of the carriage , it stopped . corpse , endeavored to cry out ; but her swollen tongue could utter no more than a hoarse sound which had nothing human in it and resembled the rattle of a wild beast . ? ” inquired franz , taking the letter from him . but i do not understand what it is that <unk> you in this manner . ” him in that language ? ” raoul . ” two gendarmes gently pushed him forward , and the door closed with a loud sound behind him . , make verses ?	93.2961196899414
” asked raoul , naively , “ i thought it was <unk> . ” the adventure of the preceding night , and the embarrassment in which he found himself placed by not having sufficient cash by six or seven hundred piastres to make up the sum required , and finally of his application to the count and the picturesque and satisfactory result that followed . tell planchet that his master was requested , the instant that he left the trenches , to come to the quarters of the musketeers . have such a good memory . ” of giving him fresh strength , deprived him of it ; the pickaxe descended , or rather fell ; he placed it on the ground , passed his hand over his	94.07691192626953
brow , and remounted the stairs , alleging to himself , as an excuse , a desire to be assured that no one was watching him , but in reality because he felt that he was about to faint . ” said the duchess . that ? ” you . ” and although unknown to the rest of the world , i felt it live and <unk> at the bottom of my heart . the country , and acted as guide to the cavalcade . , gave him an order in a low voice , and peppino went away , taking with him a torch , brought with them in the carriage . longer any such thing , in italy as being condemned to the galleys ? ”	63.40887451171875
agony , and , quite out of his senses , rushed towards the door , exclaiming , “ help , help ! ” brave guitant , whatsoever command i may give you in that <unk> <unk> i may order you to do , will you not perform it ? ” chair , and listening to every sound , was watching the door ; he saw valentine , and his eye brightened . gutenberg™ electronic works , and the medium on which they may be stored , may contain “ defects , ” such as , but not limited to , incomplete , inaccurate or corrupt <unk> , <unk> errors , a copyright or other intellectual property infringement , a defective or <unk> <unk> or other medium , a	152.86029052734375
computer <unk> , or computer codes that damage or can not be read by your equipment . this , you will no longer have a husband . said he , “ appears to be an infamous creature , but not the less you have done wrong to deceive her . ” said he , “ what does this mean ? ” other five hundred , ” replied milady , placing her hand upon the bag of gold . moment that danglars was worth from six to eight millions of francs , and had unlimited credit . look and judge for yourself . ” inquired the jeweller , ‘ is the cash all right ? ’ <unk> is still an <unk> , it is forbidden to fight , after	94.86483001708984
all . ” had predicted , it became possible to find mme . , who resolved to allow themselves to die of <unk> death always appearing to them more slow and less sure than <unk> . , give me , if you have not lost it , the <unk> which contained the letter . ” cristo , drawing a small phial from his pocket , “ i have an infallible remedy . ” that the statement is false . ” the lamp rise softly , and disappear in the depths of the ceiling ; my chamber was filled with darkness and obscurity , but i made a strong effort to penetrate this darkness and obscurity . , the trademark owner , and any distributor under this agreement will	99.0547866821289
not be liable to you for actual , direct , indirect , <unk> , <unk> or <unk> damages even if you give notice of the possibility of such damage . an english crew , whose captain is on my side , awaits you at the mouth of <unk> , at fort la <unk> . of the louvre , he turned to the left , galloped across the <unk> , passed through the rue <unk> , and , <unk> from the rue de la <unk> , he arrived at m. danglars ’ door just at the same time that villefort ’ s <unk> , after having deposited him and his wife at the faubourg saint-honoré , stopped to leave the baroness at her own house . , but he	76.86792755126953
had lifted the rum to his lips and was drinking it with so much composure , that suspicions , if the captain had any , died away . more ; have you any cause of complaint against me or monsieur d ’ herblay ? own way . ” dear athos , ” said he , “ do me the kindness to tell me where we are going ? ” asked porthos , warmly . albert , “ i am better informed than you are , and know who the owner of that horse was . ” madame , when i am commanded by so gentle a voice . ” of death ? ” like a child , into the arms of his mistress ’ s father . girl	62.85209655761719
, ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ you can not but perceive that all this must end , some way or other . my people could tell me nothing on that head . ” ” quantity of rats in that cellar . ” of emotion , in proportion as the proofs that faria , had not been deceived became stronger , so did his heart give way , and a feeling of <unk> stole over him . with yellow damask , and the centre one with white damask and a red cross . blind not to have seen . ” , “ will you apprise the count of monte cristo that m. de morcerf is arrived , and we are at his disposal ? ” . to	78.57186126708984
him and whispered in his ear : . great deal ? ” still in confusion and turned around almost mechanically when a fine young man of fifteen years of age , dressed simply , but in perfect taste , entered the room , raising , as he came , his hat , adorned with a long plume of scarlet feathers . shall see her , ” said beauchamp , “ or do you keep <unk> as well as <unk> ? ” i could , eh ? ” to how he should <unk> seamen are welcome everywhere . . , and i am spanish . ” call ; crushed , enfeebled , he remained standing and with listening ear ; then only when he had heard the step of	116.15425109863281
the horse going away he fell back on a chair , saying : agitation . the count . no longer understand you , madame , ” said felton . artagnan did not constitute a body of horsemen , since he was alone , since he was not going away from rueil and was going to saint germain , no one paid any attention to him and his journey was not <unk> in any way . a year after the disappearance of his son the poor old man died . ” you since yesterday , ” returned fernand sorrowfully . said , “ do you reflect that you are bidding me to live ? ” rendezvous , had encountered there the adversary indicated , whose name he had never	72.04255676269531
known , had given him a pretty <unk> on the arm , then had gone toward aramis , who at the same time came to meet him , having already finished his affair . here , sir , to exchange hypocritical expressions of politeness , or false professions of friendship , ” said albert , “ but to demand an explanation . ” tell you , will escape ; benedetto will be punished . ” , and demand of the count of monte cristo , avenue des champs-élysées , no . ” she muttered , “ ah , sir , ” and this was all . , madame danglars , tired of waiting , returned home . find there ! ” one step backward , and to transport	87.44526672363281
themselves , the morning of that day of great catastrophes , into the <unk> , gilded salon we have before shown them , and which was the pride of its owner , baron danglars . ” ? know what it was . , ” said he , “ you are launched ; you have <unk> for friends , a marshal of france for godfather , a prince of the blood as commander , and on the day of your return you have been received by two queens ; it is not so bad for a novice . ” you are making ; one has offered a wealthy <unk> , the other a count ; you are going , then , to offer a prince , are you ?	92.52189636230469
” so <unk> assassinated in 1815 ? ” ’ clock in the morning and the coadjutor returned home . , where are you going ? ” ” said athos ; “ he has served your majesty longer than we have . ” , his beloved child , against the fatal effects of the poison , which has failed because your system was already <unk> with it . dose has been double , the poison changed , and that this time it has succeeded . of prisoners that were being taken into the town , mordaunt turned his steps toward the rising ground from whence cromwell had witnessed the battle and on which he had just had his tent pitched . it consist ? ” ” said the old	100.66967010498047
man , “ be comforted , my poor child ; there is still hope ! ” near . you ? ” for him , and he was in such haste to know the reason of his doing so that he had not stopped to take a cab , placing infinitely more <unk> on his own two legs than on the four legs of a <unk> . follow us , ” said he , in an undertone . may be made with the worst intentions in the world ; but the voice was all . discretion in first love . rochefort ? ” with us ? ” he asked of groslow . ” said porthos . i told you , ” replied danglars , “ that i considered the	48.61533737182617
circumstance of his having anchored at the island of elba as a very suspicious circumstance . ” i admire you , ” said villefort , who , for the first time in this strange conversation , used the aristocratic form to the unknown personage , whom , until now , he had only called monsieur . s orders , ” said he , “ conduct the prisoner to the <unk> beneath . ” do ? a visit from the examining magistrate , and too late for one from the director of the prison , or the doctor ; it must , then , be the visitor he hoped for . have my plan . coming in on which you can rely ? ” was engrossed by the clock	92.6622085571289
in her room , which marked the seconds . ? much money as i want ; mother assunta always <unk> me when i ask for it ! , such <unk> eloquence to this exclamation , that felton in spite of himself advanced some steps into the room . some stratagem ? once , the <unk> of lord de winter , the seductions of milady , her first attempts after her arrival . no property , ” interposed aramis . again , and both go under at once . that you dead , the fortune would naturally revert to your brother , unless he were <unk> ; and besides , the crime appearing useless , it would be folly to commit it . ” the english peculiarity , namely	153.36163330078125
, in a blue coat , with gilt buttons and high collar , in the fashion of 1811 , a white <unk> waistcoat , and <unk> pantaloons , three inches too short , but which were prevented by <unk> from slipping up to the knee . the notary , “ do you not intend making mademoiselle valentine de villefort your <unk> <unk> ? ” myself , and i had it hollowed out , which reduced its value , but rendered it more <unk> for the purpose i intended . ” therefore , by taking me first out of paris , will you not , my dear m. d ’ artagnan ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ you have come off well , ” said he to him	84.61304473876953
; “ there is your jussac thrust paid for . d ’ artagnan . ” said aramis , “ i am like the comte de la <unk> can see nothing remarkable about it . ” of the castle ; he ’ s posted there . ” ” he cried , in a tone which electrified the coachman . ” said the brigadier , who thoroughly understood the trick ; “ a bad sign to find the door open ! made an agreement with death to <unk> all his heirs , and he appears likely to succeed . milady , listening in her turn to the noise of felton ’ s steps , which withdrew in a direction opposite to those of lord de winter ; “ at length	72.20223236083984
you are mine ! ” ” resumed aramis . , his brow bathed with perspiration , he counted the seconds by the beating of his heart . off to great advantage ; and when he had bound the scarf around his waist , and when his hat , placed <unk> on one side , let fall on his shoulder a stream of ribbons , franz was forced to confess that costume has much to do with the physical superiority we accord to certain nations . it ; his languishing looks and <unk> tones when addressing mademoiselle danglars fully proclaim his intentions . all around him ; not one struck him . into the labyrinth of streets which led to his hotel , situated near the <unk> , for	167.49301147460938
having for so long a time lived near the place royale , lord de winter naturally returned to lodge near his ancient dwelling . . ” ” replied d ’ artagnan . madame , but here , sleeping in his bed . ” , according to custom , went to visit the queen , in passing the <unk> he heard loud voices ; wishing to know on what topic the soldiers were conversing , he approached with his wonted <unk> step , pushed open the door and put his head close to the <unk> . , then , sir . ” well as this larger knife , out of an old iron <unk> ” the penknife was sharp and keen as a <unk> ; as for the other	112.28424835205078
knife , it would serve a double purpose , and with it one could cut and thrust . ; i will get access to her without her suspecting me , and when i catch my beauty , i will strangle her . ” indeed he . do with all that ? ” , ” interrupted the count ; “ you have done a little of everything in your life . ” . and they neither saw nor heard of cucumetto . the entrance of raoul . monseigneur ! ” said bonacieux , hesitating to take the purse , fearing , doubtless , that this pretended gift was but a pleasantry . the major , hastily swallowing his biscuit , “ positively all . ” it , madame ,	97.66334533691406
but i acknowledge no other power but that of the great man whom i have the honor to serve . ” words in the ear of debray , who approached monte cristo , saying , “ the baroness wishes to know what you paid her husband for the horses . ” , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ but with our four horses we may bring back our three friends , if we should have the good fortune to find them living . ” and his lackey . ” , body and soul . ” was in very good spirits , would neither believe nor think of the misfortune , but mademoiselle valentine , at the first words , guessed the whole truth , notwithstanding all the	67.32552337646484
precautions of her father ; the blow struck her like a thunderbolt , and she fell senseless . ” athos , quickly , ” said d ’ artagnan . norman , and <unk> are obstinate . ” , ” said valentine , “ what reason grandpapa gives for leaving this <unk> ” noirtier looked at valentine to impose silence , but she did not notice him ; her looks , her eyes , her smile , were all for morrel . members . you forbidden ? ” by ten o ’ clock almost all the guests had dispersed ; those who were to fly with the court had the word of command and they were each <unk> desired to be from twelve o ’ clock to one at	97.91365051269531
cours la reine . is impossible , ” said mercédès , replying at the same time to what albert said as well as to her own private reflection . ? , whom i at first took for robbers , want with me , and why is monsieur bonacieux not here ? ” a rival of yours , for which he was severely punished ; that ought to satisfy you . ” , then , ” said beauchamp , “ with rendering the count all the little services in our power . said he , “ here is a proof of it . ” and contrived in the same manner that his friends should partake of them ; aramis had eight of them . cried d ’ artagnan .	69.31423950195312
had only been there since <unk> . to determine d ’ artagnan on the part he was to take . , and scarcely entering into the world , you have powerful enemies ; if you do not take great heed , they will destroy you . ” detestable , ” replied porthos . the fire of those scorching eyes . he , “ that <unk> ! ” for them . ” said beauchamp . mind may be quite at ease , ” replied the officer ; “ i have my answer ready . ” madame . me , when he saw the king was taken , and as they were passing before the house he begged in the king ’ s name that they would stop , as	55.30388259887695
the king was hungry . , then ? ” merit due to me , for we were informed of it . ” against an adjoining wall , <unk> by the same artificial heat . of the great charlemagne . ” . am growing old ? spite of prayers and entreaties , <unk> their regret at leaving so good a master and mistress , and especially mademoiselle valentine , so good , so kind , and so gentle . ; it depends on circumstances which depend on certain arrangements . ” dantès found himself on the deck of the tartan . him . and punishment by making a frightful example . elapsed in these <unk> , and edmond had become as skilful a <unk> as he had been a	144.29330444335938
hardy seaman ; he had formed an acquaintance with all the smugglers on the coast , and learned all the <unk> signs by which these half pirates recognize each other . . ” myself were intimate friends ! ” exclaimed caderousse , whose countenance flushed <unk> as he caught the penetrating gaze of the abbé fixed on him , while the clear , calm eye of the <unk> seemed to dilate with feverish scrutiny . a cry of joy on seeing so handsome a young cavalier , so far <unk> all that her maternal pride had been able to conceive . replied d ’ artagnan ; “ i must , however , first frankly tell you that you must change your mode of life . ” and adventurous	142.2614288330078
captain . ” ” cried the procurator ’ s wife , in a transport that surprised even herself . order in his hand . safe for a few days at least . ” ” the man in the red cloak remained standing alone in the middle of the room . , stopped for an instant , and then kept on his way without uttering a single word . at once broke upon the mind of the host as he was giving himself to the devil upon finding nothing . abbé , “ <unk> ” the hands of another , you , my dear father , would probably ere this have been <unk> ” villefort ’ s father laughed . would , perhaps , have done the same ;	62.24610137939453
but they all understood what carlini had done . idea of how i looked when i arrived in paris . already done us more honor than simple gentlemen could ever aspire to , therefore gratitude is on our side . watched , so she continued her prayers to the end ; and it appeared to her that the soldier who was on duty at her door did not march with the same step , and seemed to listen . sure ; must i say baron danglars ? ” said la ramee . it is here he lives , ” the servant replied to planchet , who was not in livery . <unk> thing for me to meet again those two men who caused the failure of our enterprise	132.74659729003906
. ” wounds might be examined he was <unk> , and his clothes were thrown into a corner , where the police picked them up , with the exception of the waistcoat , which they overlooked . ” hope for the best ; hope is so sweet a <unk> . was visible around the mouth , and he breathed painfully , and with extreme difficulty . , perchance , ” replied the banker ; “ for he comes so seldom , it would seem only chance that brings him . ” truth , monsieur le coadjuteur ’ s carriage , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ upon my honor i begin to think that heaven <unk> us . ” or other documents of a compromising character be	84.15731048583984
found upon him , will it not be taken for granted that all who <unk> him are his accomplices ? ” to pierce through the darkness . thought he , they have lowered it . , you are a great wit and i am really sorry to be on bad terms with you . ” <unk> ” and he made some steps toward the door . yanina , bringing a formidable array of documents ; and when we hesitated to publish the <unk> article , he told us it should be inserted in some other paper . ” for grimaud . ” in an hour . ” misfortune happen to me , ” replied monte cristo , “ i wish my daughter to be <unk> ” haydée smiled	87.1958999633789
sorrowfully , and shook her head . , in the name of the king , and without prejudice to the respect which i have the honor to owe to your majesty a close examination into all your papers . ” . ” of that poor de winter , for whom he seemed to have a great regard ; we will tell him that we have come as <unk> to see what is going on ; we will spend with him a <unk> each per day ; and i think that by taking all these precautions we can be quite undisturbed . ” supper . almost prayers , and prayers where two or three are gathered together invoke the mercy of heaven . french , but she had married	92.14018249511719
in england . ” appointed to secure the safety of paris ? ” was not only not lost , it grew even greater than ever ; but it was now applied to the little , instead of to the great things of <unk> the martial condition of the <unk> under the head of a good lodging , a rich table , a <unk> hostess . it will be necessary to act promptly . ” . be necessary to reflect before i give you an answer . ” ” said m. de tréville , “ i was so confident of your loyalty that i required no other <unk> before his majesty than yourself . yet able to speak , but he pointed with evident anxiety towards the door .	92.5257339477539
executioners were struggling on the ground , and he kept exclaiming , “ he ought to die ! —he shall die ! —i will not die alone ! ” , vast gray clouds rolled towards the west , and the blue firmament appeared studded with bright stars . your prisoner should escape ! ” said she . whether you have long possessed it ? ” . ” to descend . glass , but even then he could not distinguish anything . to flight will return <unk> ; if they find us here , we are lost . , during which time no noise was heard that might indicate that grimaud was discovered , and at the expiration of that anxious interval the two men returned , closed the	141.65200805664062
door after them , and repeating their orders that the servants should go to bed and extinguish their lights , disappeared . at the door for an instant . without speaking a word . of madame danglars <unk> , while that of villefort trembled . he touched him on the shoulder , saying , “ will your excellency please to awaken ? ” it is neither you nor i . ” reserve , as without hatred ; tell the truth , the whole truth ; i do not know , never may know , the persons of whom you are about to speak ; besides , i am an italian , and not a frenchman , and belong to god , and not to man , and i	70.81378173828125
shall shortly retire to my convent , which i have only quitted to fulfil the last wishes of a dying man . ” t set sufficient store on the cut of my <unk> to risk being hung at tyburn or sent for change of scene to the indies . the queen , “ in awaiting the cardinal ’ s decision let there be , if you please , a reference to the king only . ” to me when i call for it from the top of the wall , he throws me another ; that other ball contains a letter . you propose to do ? ” she , said at length ; “ come , speak . ” ” said athos . said villefort , in	107.59942626953125
answer to his wife , “ you know i have never been accustomed to play the <unk> in my family , nor have i ever considered that the fate of a universe was to be decided by my nod . suppose they are only assumed names , ” said athos . down by the discovery that i have been deceived . . door opened , and the young girl , her eyes bathed with tears , appeared . , and calls for gratitude and heaven has not taken away all my blessings when it leaves me your sympathy and kindness . ” see , have remained poor , wretched , and forgotten . ” engagement at the opera . must keep close to monseigneur ; the rest of	103.86397552490234
the start will rejoin us later . the <unk> <unk> there always is <unk> sure to be the last thought before sleeping , and the first upon waking in the morning . do ? ” the pier . the baron to the duke , “ all the servants of his majesty must approve of the latest intelligence which we have from the island of elba . of the garden without uttering a word . the simple manners which i should soon be under the necessity of <unk> . , the carpets from <unk> , and the bed , especially , had more the look of a fine lady ’ s couch , with its <unk> of fine lace and its embroidered <unk> , than that of a man	94.43782806396484
who had made a vow that he would endeavor to gain heaven by fasting and mortification . seen , had a character exactly opposite to that of athos . many sweet thoughts for milady ; so , rocked by them , she soon fell asleep . ” said athos , “ for we shall go to the <unk> , i presume . ” , ” said the light-horseman , “ that they will send pioneers this morning to repair the bastion . ” a bonapartist ? ” asked monte cristo ; “ i think i remember that you told me something of that kind . ” the horse furniture very much . horrible <unk> , he darted like an arrow into the <unk> water , and as he	73.7546157836914
did so he uttered a shrill cry , stifled in a moment by his <unk> beneath the waves . the commands of the personage to whom i have addressed the inclosed letter . ” was in that cellar one of those <unk> <unk> gigantic heroes of popular <unk> , into whose cavern nobody could force their way with impunity . —when one travels , and especially for three months , one never has a <unk> of money . you is—— on gaily , then , ” said porthos . seek revenge ? ” the rooms in his tower , ” said the curate . aramis . an equipage with four horses , at full speed , was seen to draw up suddenly ; it contained monte cristo .	192.39096069335938
see me already so <unk> can i introduce into my house so much scandal , after so much sorrow ? of my being late , and why i come disguised . said julie , “ will you restore him to us cured of his melancholy ? ” morrel turned away to conceal the confusion of his countenance . his cry , continued to wring the bandit ’ s wrist , until , his arm being <unk> , he fell first on his knees , then flat on the floor . irreproachable name , as i do , one is rather sensitive . ” count , husbands are pretty much the same everywhere ; an individual husband of any country is a pretty fair specimen of the whole race	175.46279907226562
. ” friend , you are brave , you are prudent , you have excellent qualities ; but the women will ruin you ! ” ” <unk> the matter greatly . at once . ” ” said caderousse , “ make one more <unk> me once more ! ” , ” said he . man darted through several rooms , till at length he reached valentine ’ s . passed the rue <unk> , and already perceived the door of his friend ’ s house , shaded by a mass of sycamores and clematis which formed a vast arch opposite the front of it , when he perceived something like a shadow <unk> from the rue <unk> . , ” murmured the procurator ’ s wife , who	56.365135192871094
began to feel that , to judge by the conduct of the great ladies of the time , she was wrong . ” he resumed , “ you are welcome , my dear friend ; you will help me to recover my spirits ; to-morrow we will hunt the hare on my plain , which is a superb <unk> of land , or pursue the <unk> in my woods , which are magnificent . said porthos , a little perplexed between the two , “ i suppose , as i came with you , i must go away with you . , the queen felt certain , without knowing how to tell which , that one of her women had betrayed her . ? , who made a	73.35768127441406
sign to him , and he went out , closing the door after him . and laughed aloud . one throw ! ” said d ’ artagnan . the window for air , but she could only stretch forth her arms ; her legs failed her , and she sank into an armchair . wearing the same harness she had seen on them in the morning ; only , by the count ’ s orders , in the centre of each <unk> that adorned either side of their heads , had been fastened a large diamond . ” said the young man , “ oh , <unk> are you saying , count ? known that you are interested about him , monsieur le comte ? ” he says	52.751346588134766
, major ? ” think of the music ? ” not to study , but to reflect ; and with the door locked and orders given that he should not be disturbed excepting for important business , he sat down in his armchair and began to ponder over the events , the remembrance of which had during the last eight days filled his mind with so many gloomy thoughts and bitter recollections . fish . it was evidently not without a mighty effort . ” you mean to do ! ” said she . la fere , a type of nobility , a flower of <unk> . four young men , calling their lackeys , “ clean my boots , and fetch the horses from the hôtel .	108.49205780029297
” in no way obliged to go with me . ” in what you say , ” said the count , with that smile which made him so handsome ; “ i have descended from a <unk> called grief . ” , but in the other he only poured a few drops of the <unk> liquid . thanks of madame danglars which had been already conveyed to the count through the medium of a letter , signed “ baronne danglars , <unk> hermine de <unk> . ” between two opposite <unk> wicked nature , subdued by determination , perhaps by repentance . the affirmative . england you will find a young gentleman named mordaunt . ” in a low voice : the contract is to be signed at	87.86331939697266
my father-in-law ’ s . ” reached the baths of <unk> the carriage stopped , peppino opened the door , and the count and franz alighted . for the son ? who had <unk> brought misfortune into her family , as though they had been strangers . gascon answered ; “ athos ! , the transteverin the citizen , everyone blowing , <unk> , <unk> . the massive door covered with long <unk> nails , he fell into the midst of a troop of swordsmen , who crossed one another in their passage , calling out , quarreling , and playing tricks one with another . remarkable things in him , that if you would have me really say what i think , i shall reply that i	147.04721069335938
really do look upon him as one of <unk> ’ s heroes , whom misery has marked with a fatal brand ; some manfred , some lara , some <unk> , one of those <unk> , as it were , of some ancient family , who , <unk> of their patrimony , have achieved one by the force of their adventurous genius , which has placed them above the laws of society . ” that she had felt no pity for poor mercédès , who had been <unk> with as severe a blow through her husband and son . empty ? ” asked porthos , with simplicity . ” , ” said monte cristo , as if this was the first time he had seen the journalist that	105.75536346435547
evening ; “ be seated . ” bread , since the fowls are beyond all price in this accursed place . ” set foot on shore , he forgot , for the moment at least , the events which had just passed , while he finished his affairs of pleasure at florence , and then thought of nothing but how he should rejoin his companion , who was awaiting him at rome . with their bodies literally <unk> with wounds . boy ; i prefer remaining honorably in the capital . ” and inoffensive , the syrup will retain its color ; if , on the contrary , the lemonade be <unk> with poison , the syrup will become green . to the tomb , the phantom to	171.2816162109375
retire in darkness . ” harm , ” said athos , “ in my knowing that d ’ artagnan is here , i presume there will be none in his knowing that i am here . ” artagnan , ” said porthos , “ bid adieu to your sword and go with me to pierrefonds , to bracieux , or to du vallon . prince , laughing , “ i thought we should come to that . written to me , then ? ” receive the remaining 40,000 , you shall give me a receipt in full . murmured the gentleman . for the death of d ’ artagnan would make a sensation . , which was ajar . respective characters . ” ” continued aramis , “	55.201316833496094
was my first opinion ; but as i am very ignorant in matters of this kind and as the humility which i <unk> <unk> me not to rest on my own judgment , but to ask the opinion of others , i have <unk> ! <unk> friend—— ” his holiness , sire . ” been many years in use , for it was thickly covered with a <unk> of <unk> ; this <unk> i dissolved in a portion of the wine brought to me every sunday , and i assure you a better ink can not be desired . hospitality from the guest of the good abbé and not from the good abbé himself . ” , and became too intoxicated to fetch any more drink , and	125.19871520996094
yet not so intoxicated as to forget what had happened . the command to him ? ” does he live ? ” asked comminges . to me to be intended to enjoy felicity so unmixed ; happiness is like the enchanted palaces we read of in our childhood , where fierce , fiery <unk> defend the entrance and approach ; and <unk> of all <unk> and kinds , <unk> to be overcome ere victory is ours . here , ” said d ’ artagnan . said athos , astonished . , till i see you again ! burning head he desired olivain to lead on the horses to a <unk> inn , which he observed within gunshot <unk> , a little in advance of the place they had	183.0852508544922
reached . accustomed tranquillity . my life , ” thought d ’ artagnan , “ in seeking for a man who is really contented with his lot . ” have said before , had been educated at the court , and the intrigues of this court were not unknown to him . glittered . friend , ” replied the doctor , “ you will soon cease to suffer . ” <unk> mean those more distinguished . ” the gascon , “ give me your apartment on the first floor ; now that i am a captain in the royal musketeers i must make an appearance ; nevertheless , reserve my old room on the fifth story for me ; one never knows what may happen . ” returning	81.95954132080078
from his meeting with the count , perceived his father watching for his arrival behind a curtain , and turned aside . without any unusual disturbance , and dantès knew that he had escaped the first peril . replied d ’ artagnan , taking it from his finger . ” returned monte cristo ; “ i make no secret of it . <unk> than his master ; so that for the sake of his master , he puts us all under his feet , and as he thinks we might refuse what he asked for , he takes all he wants without asking at all . ” porthos , “ i think i have an idea , in my turn . ” answer . in other <unk> ,	62.02885818481445
ignoble drawers , one above another , where <unk> <unk> its dead and <unk> them like <unk> in a <unk> ; all that was visible within the bronze gates was a <unk> room , separated by a wall from the vault itself . to see , if possible , what he thought of this proposal . ” continued lord de winter , “ i understand . steps a young woman of twenty to five-and-twenty , dressed in a silk morning gown , and busily engaged in <unk> the dead leaves off a <unk> <unk> , raised her head . , which wanted a quarter to ten ; but soon the same clock he had already heard strike two or three times <unk> the error by striking half-past nine	195.52871704101562
. ’ s orders ? ” costume of cucumetto . words : ‘ i am going to send monsieur d ’ artagnan away and i wish him to set out directly . ’ ” , yes , ” said the cardinal , with that paternal tone which he sometimes knew how to assume , but which deceived none who knew him ; “ and as you have been unjustly suspected , well , you must be <unk> . be ? ” to do with the poor creature , and how shall i ever meet her again ? ” the councillor , the <unk> ! ” letter contain ? ” friends to accept it . , in whom franz recognized the dumb slave of the grotto of monte cristo	71.54073333740234
. to his home , folded up his wedding suit with tears in his eyes , and paced up and down his chamber the whole day , and would not go to bed at all , for i was underneath him and heard him walking the whole night ; and for myself , i assure you i could not sleep either , for the grief of the poor father gave me great uneasiness , and every step he took went to my heart as really as if his foot had pressed against my breast . de winter her plan of conduct was more easy . times at florence , <unk> and lucca , and he has now communicated to me the fact of his arrival in paris .	105.12803649902344
clock in the morning , and daylight began to appear . of the story is , ” resumed the abbé , “ that dantès , even in his dying moments , swore by his <unk> <unk> , that he was utterly ignorant of the cause of his <unk> . ” athos to them , “ you are not men but children , to let a woman terrify you so ! point in advance , rubbed his horse down with some <unk> and leaves of trees , and placed himself across the road , about two hundred paces from the camp . ; you have nothing to occupy yourself with but being happy . ” shouted , “ a fowl for his excellency ! ” his voice yet <unk>	75.83051300048828
in the archway when a handsome , graceful , and <unk> young man appeared , bearing a fowl in a silver dish on his head , without the assistance of his hands . garden ! —she that was <unk> who was walking while she waited <unk> ” which , on the contrary , i am not acquainted . like the other fellow better than this one , ” said mazarin to himself , and he threw himself back in his carriage . , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ listen to the noise of the people ; you will perceive that it resembles that of thunder . ” in england ? ” he asked ; but de winter seemed not to hear his words and made no	67.31964874267578
reply . friends , what matters ? ” eyes , and stretched forth his hands towards the open door ; but the door closed . short ? ” in the city , planchet kept at the respectful distance he had imposed upon himself ; but as soon as the road began to be more lonely and dark , he drew softly nearer , so that when they entered the bois de boulogne he found himself riding quite naturally side by side with his master . very <unk> of fat that makes me shiver . ” s duchess is dressed by her husband ’ s clerks , ” said d ’ artagnan , laughing . to kill me , and i pardoned her ; but she murdered the woman	90.31004333496094
i loved . ” said albert with a smile , “ it is evident you do not know the count of monte cristo ; he <unk> all honors , and contents himself with those written on his passport . ” three-quarters of the length of the wall when the cord broke . corridor , and barred his passage with the more <unk> that , after many years of trial , bazin found himself near a result of which he had ever been ambitious . ” afforded him left no room for such thoughts ; perhaps the recollection that he had pledged his word ( on which his sense of honor was keen ) kept him from referring in any way to the possibilities of flight . is a	132.5183563232422
<unk> in which he who <unk> , <unk> death ! s a king it appears he can not dress or undress without assistance . ” which dantès had handled the lugger had entirely reassured him ; and then , when he saw the light plume of smoke floating above the bastion of the château d ’ if , and heard the distant report , he was instantly struck with the idea that he had on board his vessel one whose coming and going , like that of kings , was accompanied with <unk> of artillery . in his closet ; milady called , <unk> , sent away kitty , and shut the door . me , for i knew you from the time i gave up two rooms	128.8918914794922
to you , invited you to breakfast with me , lent you one of my carriages , witnessed the carnival in your company , and saw with you from a window in the piazza del popolo the execution that affected you so much that you nearly fainted . monsieur bonacieux ? , for it was taken from me with some others which i see in that packet . ” the abbé , in a tone which made the dying man shudder ; “ have patience ! ” confine myself to domestic cares , or the caprices of any man , but to be an artist , and consequently free in heart , in person , and in thought . ” thought porthos , as he walked away ,	109.96440124511719
“ it appears i am getting nearer to monsieur coquenard ’ s strongbox at last . ” ” the world to the lamentations of m. <unk> to which , besides , they must have been pretty well <unk> two guards took the prisoner each by an arm , and led him away , while the commissary wrote a letter in haste and <unk> it by an officer in waiting . ? ” the races , baron ? ” inquired the countess eagerly . . ” , of six more such months as this would be to reduce the third-rate house to despair . ” in all the horror of my situation , after increasing it by what you have revealed to me . <unk> simpleton , can you	127.33935546875
not guess who this noirtier was , whose very name he was so careful to keep concealed ? , ” replied aramis ; then bending his face down to athos ’ s ear , “ what is the object of this visit ? ” continued he . cleaving through space like a bird in the air , rested on cavalcanti . so good as to mount the shoulders of two of our men , they will carry you ashore ? ” the young man answered this invitation with a gesture of indifference , and stepped out of the boat ; the sea immediately rose to his waist . you would take the trouble of reflecting , you could find a way of simplifying the negotiation , ” said	128.38148498535156
franz . the earth , a man without fortune , a man without family , a soldier accustomed to inns , cabarets , <unk> , and <unk> , a lover of wine forced to depend upon chance <unk> about to partake of family <unk> , to enjoy the pleasures of a comfortable establishment , and to give himself up to those little attentions which “ the harder one is , the more they please , ” as old soldiers say . with fifty light horse , not so much by way of guard as to show the deputies how readily the queen ’ s <unk> dispersed their troops and to prove that they might be safely scattered at pleasure . of my guardian ? ” minutes fifty thousand	226.02200317382812
lights glittered , descending from the palazzo di venezia to the piazza del popolo , and mounting from the piazza del popolo to the palazzo di venezia . father , ” replied edmond , smiling at his father ’ s astonishment at the excessive honor paid to his son . but have you no groom ? ” shame he felt at having exposed himself before his servants , partly recalled his senses , but the ride was short , and as he drew near his house all his wretchedness revived . that such a simple expedition requires . ” amounts to the same thing as if i asked you for something . ” to bear a charmed life . getting off so easily . ” morrel , “	127.08592224121094
it is true ; i have but now left a house where death has just entered , to run to you . ” cried blaisois , “ i wish i had been in his place . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ it appears that i was more drunk than you , since i remember nothing of the kind . ” be <unk> for the father , one for the son , and one for the holy ghost . ” ” forest the light could scarcely penetrate through the foliage , and the <unk> of two old oak trees , the refuge of the <unk> , startled by the travelers , were in deep shadow . chapter liii . that ’ s it , is it ?	56.323734283447266
” said noirtier ; “ and why , then , have they not laid hands on him ? ” the throat : , the sentinel who guarded the door put his head through the opening , curious as to what the king was doing . to send you to me , ” he went on in his ordinary tone , “ and you have done well in relating to me the whole of your history , as it will prevent my forming any <unk> opinions concerning you in future . speak of , ” said mazarin , smiling <unk> on seeing rochefort approach the point to which he was leading him , “ those men were not devoted to the cardinal , for they contended against him .	92.37382507324219
” the conviction that they came from m. de villefort relieved all dantès ’ apprehensions ; he advanced calmly , and placed himself in the centre of the escort . his face ; he asked himself what had become of mercédès , who must believe him dead . far in advance , out of the <unk> of the balls . long to wait , ” said the landlord ; “ they begin to-morrow . ” is ready in all ways . ” appointed a meeting with the procurator ’ s wife in the cloister of st. <unk> . ! ” exclaimed a multitude of voices , “ go , and return as quickly as you can ! ” , my lord ! ” , monsieur chevalier , ”	61.19673156738281
said she , “ what are you doing ? ” not to hinder you , i will get up with you if you please in your carriage , and <unk> shall follow with my phaeton in <unk> . ” musket <unk> was an <unk> ball . about being late , ” replied the stranger in purest tuscan ; “ ’ tis i who am too soon . ” , so take grimaud . ” grandmother , and left with her handkerchief to her eyes ; at the door she found the valet de chambre , who told her that the doctor was waiting in the dining-room . the place ? ” . ” of his wish to quit the sea , and obtained a recommendation from him to	65.88819122314453
a spanish merchant , into whose service he entered at the end of march , that is , ten or twelve days after napoleon ’ s return . of earth would not be so great that he could not overcome it . came two companies of the guards , one french , the other swiss . ; it will be a <unk> plan than the first which you proposed . ” his way in the darkness of the night ? he told me it was you who sacrificed to the demon of speculation . ” the chevalier d ’ <unk> , who are destined to enter the light cavalry and who have only received as yet for their equipment their white cloaks . ” a laughing voice ,	96.08358001708984
the silvery tone of which betrayed it as that of a woman , “ is not such a fool as to be here . ” ” of the catalan <unk> , a red and black bodice , and golden pins in her hair . threat of dying if edmond died , and dropped again heavily on his seat . he , “ my life is yours ; henceforth dispose of it . albert , “ i do not know ; when i invited him three months ago , he was then at rome , but since that time who knows where he may have gone ? ” , ” replied athos , becoming almost livid ; “ that is my grand story of the fair lady , and	77.12970733642578
when i relate that , i must be very drunk . ” gates i declared that i had found the child on the road , and i inquired where the asylum was ; the box confirmed my statement , the linen proved that the infant belonged to wealthy parents , the blood with which i was covered might have proceeded from the child as well as from anyone else . count . ” and return often . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ give your swords to monsieur mouston , who will return them to you at the proper time and place , and do not forget you are our prisoners . ” my thief , ” replied d ’ artagnan . me the king ’ s	91.90156555175781
attorney , you must desire for me some of those violent and dangerous <unk> from the cure of which so much honor <unk> to the physician . ” the country . notice two windows hung with yellow damask , and one with white damask with a red cross ? the count , “ i refer you to your confessor . on carlini ’ s part ; but to their great surprise , he took a glass in one hand and a flask in the other , and filling it , — him ? ” minutes the bandit made them a sign to stop . you love and who love you , and tell my sister de longueville that i thank her for the present that she made me	90.87789154052734
of you. ’ and i came , sir , ” added raoul , gazing at the count with a smile of real affection , “ for i thought you would be glad to see me again . ” be quite retired ? , we will see . man went out and descended the stairs with sufficient calmness to pass unobserved ; then upon the lowest landing place he passed tony , leaning over the <unk> , waiting only for a call from his master to mount to his room . when , arriving at a pretty little house on the <unk> of a wood , which at a distance had quite a gay appearance , with its red roof and green shutters , we found nothing but a	113.97037506103516
poor wretch <unk> ! said he , ‘ the business of my predecessor on the strength of his assurance that he supplied the castle ; whereas , on my honor , monsieur de chavigny , though i ’ ve been here a week , has not ordered so much as a <unk> ’ ‘ but , ’ i then replied , ‘ probably monsieur de chavigny is afraid your <unk> is not <unk> ’ ‘ my <unk> not good ! had <unk> the <unk> was for this i had <unk> was for this i was waiting . ” said the concierge , “ i shall not have much cause to regret him , for he came here but seldom ; it is five years since he was here	102.43550109863281
last , and he did well to sell the house , for it did not bring him in anything at all . ” apartment . d ’ artagnan , taking her hand , which , without thinking of it , she abandoned to him . his shoulders and the hat on his head , whilst the musketeer got off the box . the shutter , three light and regular taps . you that i have discovered your plans , i hope also to convince you of my delicacy . up , having , he said , no wish to sleep ; but the queen was firm . kill him ? ” however , to receive your excellency ’ s commands concerning the dinner . ” aramis , “	61.00374221801758
and the sloop out there making ready to sail must be that which is to take us to our destination ; now , ” continued he , “ if only de winter does not keep us waiting . trouble to close and bolt the antechamber door , then that of the bedchamber , and then extended his hand to villefort , who had followed all his <unk> with surprise which he could not conceal . too much to hope to succeed at your first attempt ? friends reached the hotel , “ arms of england , ” where they supped with hearty appetite and then at once proceeded to the port . clock the <unk> of horses ’ hoofs was heard at the entrance door ; it was	137.10574340820312
our captain of spahis , who had arrived on médéah . ” asked porthos . , it appeared to me not to have the same taste as in the morning . has contracted . ” city by assault , though often <unk> in the council of the king , had been always <unk> . ! ” said athos , emptying and <unk> his glass . said athos , with a <unk> burst of laughter , “ guess what she had on her shoulder . ” the first , a <unk> clerk behind the second , a <unk> of a dozen years rising behind the third . athos ; “ let us give the money to the <unk> to our lackeys , but to the lackeys of the englishmen	65.52558898925781
. ” ” was busy <unk> them , and had already finished two . villefort , “ i was then a royalist , because i believed the bourbons not only the heirs to the throne , but the chosen of the nation . are ! ” said he ; “ that happens every day . ” man whom you <unk> , monsieur de tréville . ” bent upon ruining himself as fast as he can , actually sent his steward to me to purchase them at any cost ; and the fact is , i have gained <unk> francs by the sale of them . have a prisoner , ” said athos , pointing to raoul . you have already given me that reason , and i find	73.3855972290039
it excellent . ” ” feminine hand , long , and crossed . saying , be assured , my dear fellow . be confessed that , contrary to the usual state of affairs in <unk> between the young men , the effective arguments were all on albert ’ s side . toward athos : during dinner ; he was an intelligent lad , and he feared to utter some <unk> before so many grand people , amongst whom , with <unk> eyes , he saw the king ’ s attorney . ” cried bonacieux . see mademoiselle noirtier de villefort assuming the title of madame franz d ’ épinay . ” tied the knot ? ” inquired the grave-digger , who was looking on . monsieur d ’	97.78141784667969
artagnan to name them , my lord . would become mine , count , ” replied morrel ; “ besides , as i had the honor to tell you , <unk> or not , sacrifice or not , that day i owed an offering to bad fortune in recompense for the <unk> good fortune had on other days granted to us . ” or remove the full project gutenberg™ license terms from this work , or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg™ . you my name , since i do not know it ; but i know my father ’ s , and can tell it to you . ” not only to fetch the order , but	69.96588897705078
the two thousand pistoles , at which he estimated the prisoners . and evidently thoughtful . , but in the morning , refreshed and calm , he was inspired with his clearest views of everything . hope for it , but had not told him what was to be hidden in the mysterious pate . . ” advance your outfit , ” said athos ; “ for if i am not mistaken , you have left the best of your <unk> with milady , and she will certainly not have the politeness to return it to you . if you please . ” the entrance , darted through it , carefully drawing the stone over the opening , and hurried to his cell . , ” asked groslow	74.61949157714844
, “ that stuart will ever escape while i am on guard ? ” with his fugitive forces , passed near the group formed by athos , raoul and aramis . with indescribable tenderness . eyes gradually resumed their dull and glassy appearance and he fell into a profound reverie . warn you , will soon send you to an executioner who will make both your shoulders alike . ” ” die ? ” if it depends on me . ” dantès did not now think of his dinner , but he insisted that his comrades , who had not his reasons for fasting , should have their meal . ? ” going to do in paris ? ” he has been made one of the learned assembly	135.06253051757812
. ” promptly as it would have been on board a <unk> . yes , ” cried the baroness ; “ my child is there ! ” , in the unhappy position of the victim marked for sacrifice ; the finger of god once pointed at him , everyone was prepared to raise the hue and cry . albert , “ it is exquisite ; it is impossible to understand the music of his country better than prince cavalcanti does . came to pay her a visit . and implacable hand seized her by the hair , and dragged her away as irrevocably as fatality drags humanity . make all the sacrifices which this word <unk> , sir , ” said morrel , “ not only with resignation	124.48270416259766
, but with <unk> . ” see you , madame , but you shall every day hear of me . ” said the pilot in bad french . , did greater execution ; but the bourgeois , more numerous , overwhelmed them with a veritable hurricane of iron . speak , when andrea continued , in a low voice : strength against women i might perchance find them weaker than myself , and consequently conquer them ; but it is with men that i struggle , and i am but a woman to them . she ; “ wait a moment . ” ” cried aramis . d ’ artagnan , as he went down the steps of the hatchway , preceded by the lantern , “ what	94.91215515136719
a number of barrels ! , with tears in his eyes and heart . enemy are within musket shot , we must fire upon them . answered : my beautiful englishwoman , or rather <unk> i am convinced she was born in france , though i have not questioned her . ” again , at full gallop . ” had my three friends here , ” cried he , “ i should have , at least , some hopes of finding her ; but who knows what has become of them ? ” see . ” your eminence is in a position to accomplish the threat thus made ? ” permission of monsieur athos to go into the cellar to satisfy these gentlemen ; and he , as	93.25875854492188
usual , has refused . ” said aramis , in his tone of raillery . horse ; not for a kingdom ! ? ” a moment to lose ; now take my horse to the nearest inn and conduct me to your vessel . ” elba , where he quitted it , and passed a whole day in the island . <unk> ; and athos , like the spectre of vengeance , leaped into the room . had proposed to carlini the health of their chief , and to whom carlini replied by breaking the glass across his face . the reason i won ’ t go , ” said d ’ artagnan . whom your majesty interrogates , ” replied the coadjutor in the same calm manner	87.8477783203125
, “ i reply that i hold monsieur le marechal ’ s opinion in every respect . ” ; she had often , in her youth , spoken of poverty , but between want and necessity , those synonymous words , there is a wide difference . i would entreat of you . ” the most well-bred young men i know . ” be lost . beneath his own , and led her to the door of the grotto . said just now ? ’ he returned a sign in the negative . is being arrested ! said , “ you are a terrible servant . ” ” he . his attention was concentrated on the <unk> of the breakfast table . smile . day on board before	88.27987670898438
he had a very clear idea of the men with whom his lot had been cast . d ’ artagnan , “ i have <unk> to say , save that my life is ever at your majesty ’ s service , and that i shall only be happy the day i lose it for you . ” pistache this difficult question , who was the greatest thief in the world ? and fled . could scarcely breathe , she rose and went towards a looking-glass . numerous , ” observed mousqueton , “ ’ tis not we who have them , but they who have us . ” ” said he , “ that where your liberty is at stake you can allow any such scruple to deter	82.5827407836914
you from obtaining it ? ” ? ” asked the countess . ? ” repeated madame danglars , her staring , wide-open eyes expressing her alarm . lackey ought never to disobey , ” said d ’ artagnan , sternly ; then taking him aside , he whispered to him : “ thou hast done right ; thy master was in the wrong ; here ’ s a crown for thee , but should he ever be insulted and thou dost not let thyself be cut in quarters for him , i will cut out thy tongue . superior power of the abbé , sat down and wrote : ’ s all . postscript ? ” really impossible to learn secrets which that man concealed from all the	152.16148376464844
world . ” being able to follow her ; she was like people who dream they are pursued , and who in vain try to walk . worm-eaten shutter was opened , or rather pushed ajar , but closed again as soon as the light from a miserable lamp which burned in the corner had shone upon the baldric , sword belt , and pistol <unk> of d ’ artagnan . is not like a soldier to be so bad a judge of courage . jars , upon which , perhaps , <unk> , frightful <unk> have fixed their cold , dull eyes , and in which myriads of small fish have slept , seeking a refuge from the pursuit of their enemies . ” left , sir	144.7045135498047
. returned , did she bring that casket with her ? ” said the king . mousqueton , <unk> with joy ; “ if you do me , sir , such honor , i shall be grateful all my life ; it is too much to ask . ” opposed in age and interests , resembled two parts of a <unk> , presenting the <unk> of separation , yet nevertheless possessing their point of union . you become afraid of a quarrel ? ” that i feared my wound would open . ” said athos . ” and the man held the torch to the wall . o ’ clock , you will be with me , will you not ? ” to the crack between the boards	66.50274658203125
; i luckily found a small opening which afforded me a view of the apartment and what was passing within . out of his hiding place and arrived in time to see bazin turn down the rue de la <unk> and enter , in the rue de la <unk> , a respectable looking house ; and this d ’ artagnan felt no doubt was the habitation of the worthy beadle . i have been beloved by no <unk> much the worse ; that has naturally led me to love no <unk> much the <unk> you have my profession of faith . ” friend , as affectionate as a father , as consoling as a priest , noble as a man who has suffered much . which entered by	132.32968139648438
the narrow window of his cell , he held open in his left hand , of which alone , it will be recollected , he retained the use , a sheet of paper , which , from being constantly rolled into a small compass , had the form of a <unk> , and was not easily kept open . respects and services to you , my lord . ” to say anything ; that would be to denounce herself . ” myself ! , ” said de guiche ; “ it will be the surest plan . ” as if he had seen him that same morning ; only , when pressing his hand a little more warmly than usual , he informed him that the company of	73.54446411132812
dessessart was on duty at the louvre , and that he might repair at once to his post . know of your parisian husbands ? ” why did i survive you ? unworthy of a king . ” to 900,000 . every <unk> , and his hair stood on end . had <unk> <unk> to gain this point , was not at more than three paces from it . this witness , or rather this enemy ? ’ asked the count , in a tone in which there was a visible alteration . state prison like this , that persons are stationed outside the doors of the cells purposely to overhear the conversation of the prisoners . ” if i do what you wish ? ” , and	114.04594421386719
she complained of being indisposed , but i did not think seriously of it . ” to be taken by surprise , ” added the king . dear . ” is very fortunate that the letter was not in it . ” the honor of seeing you for the third or fourth time , count , instead of only for the second , ” said madame de villefort ; “ if i had had the honor of being your friend , instead of only having the happiness of being under an obligation to you , i should insist on detaining you to dinner , and not allow myself to be daunted by a first refusal . ” gave orders for this delay . ” left prison than your	81.57868194580078
goods would be confiscated . ” said d ’ artagnan , no longer able to contain himself , “ allow me to introduce to you the chevalier d ’ herblay , who <unk> you may have <unk> offer his congratulations to your eminence . ” rested , sir . ” will not torment you much , but only on condition that you become a frondist , my young friend , and a hearty frondist , too . ” the englishman , “ i practice shooting every day , and every other day <unk> comes to my house . ” the twenty minutes had elapsed after madame danglars ’ departure before he left the house . her condemnation ; at that moment , doubtless , she was recalling all	93.87333679199219
her crimes to her memory ; she was asking pardon for her sins ; perhaps she was even writing a letter imploring <unk> from her virtuous <unk> <unk> she was purchasing with her death ! monseigneur , do you believe the cardinal will be so kind as to tell me what has become of my wife ? ” to say to you . said she , in a hollow voice . a hole in it . ” note , passed his hands over his eyes , for he was dazzled and confused , and read : and quitted the room upon the <unk> of urgent business ; he soon , however , returned , his whole face beaming with delight . silence , the lady inquired : they	93.93231201171875
drove up to the place of meeting . , my dear baron , the best and easiest way is to leave them to their fancies , and allow them to act as they please , and then , if any mischief follows , why , at least , they have no one to blame but themselves . ” be ? as ignorant of what the cup contained as he was before he had looked at it , and then casting his eyes towards his host he saw him smile at his disappointment . each other with amazement ; the ceremony which was just concluded had not appeared more sorrowful than did that which was about to begin . swords may never leave their scabbards but in your majesty	136.10353088378906
’ s service . of paris , then ? ” you have me do with that ? ” said the englishman . you think of bonacieux ? ” monte cristo , striving to repress his emotion , “ if lord wilmore was your unknown benefactor , i fear you will never see him again . two steps , was engaged with the foe , whom , according to custom , he attacked <unk> , but he met this time with a skill and a strength of arm that gave him pause . , which he was to leave at the end of twenty leagues in order to take the post , planchet set off at a gallop , his spirits a little depressed by the triple promise made	80.74129486083984
him by the musketeers , but otherwise as <unk> as possible . friend porthos . , he was surrounded by the loving care of a devoted family , but he had convinced himself by a course of reasoning , <unk> perhaps , yet certainly plausible , that he must separate himself from all he held dear in the world , even life itself . to hear . ” d ’ artagnan , rising , “ we have them , friend porthos , and even something better . ” my dear <unk> <unk> son ! —no ; but i did not expect you ; and joy , the surprise of seeing you so <unk> , i feel as if i were going to die . ” letter ? ”	81.6321029663086
do is , to keep our own counsel , and remain perfectly quiet , not breathing a word to any living soul ; and you will see that the storm will pass away without in the least affecting us . ” fellow <unk> himself about ? ” cried the cavalier whom milady had designated as her brother , stooping down to the height of the coach window . is olivain who leaves me ; you are to remain . ” it was still worse . night that cucumetto had sent carlini to a village , so that he had been unable to go to the place of meeting . pray ? ” asked lord de winter . glass . give me one by which i may have the	95.39269256591797
pleasure of addressing you . locked like gates of <unk> , <unk> of <unk> , come from i know not where , and the <unk> of letters from england , holland , spain , india , china , and <unk> , have generally a strange influence on a father ’ s mind , and make him forget that there is in the world an interest greater and more sacred than the good opinion of his correspondents . ” replied athos ; “ and your bitter recollections have time to change themselves into sweet remembrances . ” cried d ’ artagnan , rising from the table , the story of the present day making him forget that of the preceding one . , ” said the commissary to the	89.6139144897461
two guards . child , and only a shepherd , i gave him a few gold pieces for showing me my way , and he , in order to repay me , gave me a poniard , the hilt of which he had carved with his own hand , and which you may have seen in my collection of arms . the ring , but upon one condition . ” , here , has received a slight sword wound in the arm , but not enough to prevent him , as your eminence may see , from mounting to the assault tomorrow , if your eminence orders an <unk> . ” has for more than three hundred years furnished food for so many wild <unk> , seemed to	111.79045104980469
dantès like a scaffold to a malefactor . long without ruining both . be here so young ! warned that it was to take place this morning ? ” chateau had taken raoul back fifty leagues <unk> and had caused him to review his life from the moment when he had taken leave of little louise to that in which he had seen her for the first time ; and every branch of oak , every gilded <unk> on roof of <unk> , reminded him that , instead of returning to the friends of his childhood , every instant <unk> him further and that perhaps he had even left them forever . , ” said mazarin . rich for me , ” replied morcerf , “ and that	140.1352996826172
frightens me . ” exclaimed , “ that woman became criminal only from <unk> with me ! no difficulty in that . us breakfast . ” that i know <unk> abduction from the little house at st. germain , his despair , that of his friends , and their useless inquiries up to this moment ? <unk> , for at <unk> i was plundered even of my <unk> . his head with one hand , and with the other pressed his heart , lest its beatings should be heard . or eight similar <unk> to the colosseum , while his less favored companion trod for the first time in his life the classic ground forming the monument of <unk> <unk> ; and , to his credit be it	134.5479736328125
spoken , his mind , even amid the <unk> <unk> of the guides , was duly and deeply touched with awe and enthusiastic admiration of all he saw ; and certainly no <unk> notion of these stupendous ruins can be formed save by such as have visited them , and more especially by moonlight , at which time the vast proportions of the building appear twice as large when viewed by the mysterious beams of a southern <unk> sky , whose rays are sufficiently clear and vivid to light the horizon with a glow equal to the soft twilight of a <unk> <unk> . athos , “ oh , no , it is impossible ! from the hands of the coadjutor , who heard the sound of his	194.5616455078125
fingers counting and <unk> the gold pieces . an end to this , springing forward , aimed a terrible thrust at his adversary , but the latter <unk> it ; and while jussac was recovering himself , glided like a serpent beneath his blade , and passed his sword through his body . , whence does he procure them ? ” with fever , while the large drops fell from his brow , the man executed , one after the other , the three signs given by the count , in spite of the frightful <unk> of the right-hand correspondent , who , not understanding the change , began to think the gardener had gone mad . said athos ; “ they may serve us . ” applause	100.11370086669922
of the whole assemblage , and everyone reconducted his lady to her place ; but the king took advantage of the privilege he had of leaving his lady , to advance eagerly toward the queen . really desire ? —that which we can not obtain . a smile . monte cristo “ the evening of the 3rd of june , 1829 . hundred years the documents were found , and they thought of bringing up the jars . mistaken here ’ s bazin . bread ! ” he called . true , reverend sir . ” if you felt so sure , ” replied the new-comer , putting his cane in a corner and his hat on a chair , “ allow me to say , my dear	116.89234161376953
gérard , that it was not very filial of you to keep me waiting at the door . ” eyes of his interlocutor on his own , he glanced towards the door . , know in what manner fernand injured dantès ? ” inquired the abbé of caderousse . be a man of honor . ” entered ; on perceiving the musketeer he uttered an exclamation that was almost a cry of despair . you here ? ” , madame , but you were about to relate some story , were you not ? <unk> a magnificent <unk> , bearing the name of its <unk> , of parisian manufacture , and a count ’ s coronet . a sword in his hand , and sees a mortal enemy	61.805946350097656
within reach of that sword , and does not fight , is a coward ! am in a worse humor than usual , ” replied danglars . lest he should betray you to the cardinal ? ” —i <unk> assure you i shall do my best , ” stammered villefort . he , “ you are about to receive a visit from the chancellor , who will communicate certain matters to you with which i have charged him . ” one of his descendants , and a great friend of mine ; he is a very rich englishman , eccentric almost to insanity , and his real name is lord wilmore . ” monte cristo , “ i wish to take one final glance around this room .	80.02835083007812
” tréville being paid , the pensive d ’ artagnan took the longest way <unk> . or fort <unk> , was not built until <unk> , nearly 50 years later . than we want . the count , ‘ so great was ali pasha ’ s confidence , that on his death-bed he resigned his favorite mistress and her daughter to my care . ’ ” the same calm politeness , invited his prisoner to enter the house . ? my card to the count , who has promised to pay us a visit at rue meslay , no . ” said de guiche , “ are you going to reply ? ” ” d ’ artagnan , “ that ’ s settled already ; i will be	81.6805419921875
responsible for the barony . ” his hand to the bag , took his seventy-five pistoles , and made his preparations to set out at the time appointed . sir . ” <unk> persons had died through having eagerly devoured too much food . we have come to , mother ? ” the host , “ if the lackey has drunk only half as much as the master , i am a ruined man . ” out his own handkerchief , likewise a very elegant handkerchief , and of fine <unk> cambric was dear at the <unk> a handkerchief without embroidery and without arms , only ornamented with a single cipher , that of its proprietor . from each other , albert and the count stopped . the	115.40914916992188
old man gave no sign of returning animation . went away . a groan . corsica , the very houses of which he could distinguish ; or on sardinia ; or on the island of elba , with its <unk> <unk> ; or upon the almost imperceptible line that to the experienced eye of a sailor alone revealed the coast of genoa the proud , and leghorn the commercial , that he gazed . , ” cried the abbé . , i beg of you . ” know ? ” young men went down the staircase , and got into the carriage . replied d ’ artagnan , “ you are well named , gentlemen ; and my adventure , if it should make any noise , will	83.52708435058594
prove at least that your union is not founded upon <unk> . ” what they did ? ” ” , sunshine . so very great . ” order to prevent a smile . shudder at the fearful danger you were placed in . ” questions you please ; for , in good truth , you see more clearly into my life than i do myself . ” the general ’ s tent , his heart beating and his eyes sparkling with joy . know by what mistake . he loved her ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . , have committed a crime , since you are here and are accused of high treason . ” spoiled , dear friend ; you are <unk> , your arm has	83.39996337890625
no longer that movement of which the late cardinal ’ s guards have so many proofs . ” ’ artagnan ; “ you think of every one ; you are indeed a nobleman ! the gate the porter informed him that the count had gone out about half an hour previously . fell back with a groan . and pensive , hardly knowing what to think of the <unk> , <unk> , with which his host related the brief narrative . you will have left beaucaire , ’ remarked caderousse , ‘ for the fair ends in a few days . ’ ” de villefort ’ s , and lawyers always give you very bad dinners . <unk> millionaires ; they are regular <unk> . what are your	101.398193359375
conditions , if i employ you ? ” you have conquered . ” found the following letter , that which he had sought at the risk of his life : i request it . ” madame de villefort is not here ? ” hope . milady ; and as if acted upon by a spring , she bounded toward the baron , who awaited her attack with his arms crossed , but nevertheless with one hand on the hilt of his sword . said aramis , “ there are no women at your dinner . ” the palace , casting upon the cardinal such a glance as is best understood by mortal foes . know them . he at length , “ i pray you to excuse my	85.63179016113281
emotion , which must astonish you who are only accustomed to the happiness i meet here ; but <unk> is so new a sight to me , that i could never be weary of looking at yourself and your husband . ” incredible rapidity , he seemed to see its motion . to a shadow of his former self by constant <unk> . ” our intelligence , our life , in short , that we promised . to place the scent bag at the bottom of the silver casket , and to let the knife fall into it , making a sign to laporte that he was no longer able to speak ; then , in a last convulsion , which this time he had not the power	105.44824981689453
to combat , he slipped from the sofa to the floor . , albert ! my head toward you , your beautiful hair touch my cheek ; and every time that it touched me i trembled from head to foot . said mazarin , trembling , lest anne should ask to draw upon his purse . added , “ in this war prisoners stand a chance of being hung . ” must have lost your senses to think it possible i could act with such <unk> policy . ” , our secret remained in our own keeping alone . good of that ? that i can not help being jealous , even of the past . ” , when he saw me stop before his shop , where	146.8255157470703
he has a display of things which would make your mouth water , my lord , asked me to get him the custom of the prisoners in the donjon . always regarded our love in the light of something sacred ; consequently , i have covered it with the veil of respect , and hid it in the <unk> recesses of my soul . formally announced that the queen would receive it . said porthos , “ i understand ; but now—— ” private account , and in <unk> them up , by granting them what they wished , monsieur le cardinal has made a good bargain . secret joy at being forever relieved of this dangerous accomplice . should laugh among the rest at madame de chevreuse	126.35918426513672
, for whom he entertained deep and genuine sympathy , but either instinctively , or from affection for the duchess , he said everything in her favor . examination take place ? ” man of his holy profession would not deceive us ! ” of stupidity which <unk> or <unk> , two of the first actors of the day , might have envied . . ” milady ; “ the austere puritan lies . ” smiling , half blushing . clock , ” replied the count . s shape and the top of his musket ; that made me draw in my head so quickly , for i was fearful he might also see me . ” ” , if you please ? ” you have a very	97.72096252441406
handsome mistress ! ” years ’ wages ? side of the moat , buried his face in his hands and reflected . in the morning the <unk> de la <unk> , ensign in the king ’ s guards , followed by two officers and several archers of that body , came to the city <unk> , named clement , and demanded of him all the keys of the rooms and offices of the hôtel . . ” of his spanish wine . d ’ artagnan recommenced his journey . s hand and said to him : to do there ? ” asked morrel . strange in this unknown spot to find the young man whose misfortunes had made so much noise in paris . ” resumed mazarin ,	67.34690856933594
with his <unk> smile ; “ from pure zeal and devotion then ? ” as in all probability i own my present safety to that influence , it would ill become me to search too closely into its source ; therefore , instead of condemning him for his intimacy with <unk> , you must give me leave to excuse any little <unk> there may be in such a connection ; not altogether for preserving my life , for my own idea was that it never was in much danger , but certainly for saving me 4,000 piastres , which , being translated , means neither more nor less than <unk> livres of our <unk> sum at which , most assuredly , i should never have been estimated in	271.9556579589844
france , proving most <unk> , ” added albert with a laugh , “ that no prophet is honored in his own country . ” for mercy ’ s sake , don ’ t fly from me . a guest like the other one here just now , ” observed mine host to olivain , who had rejoined his master to see if he wanted anything , “ and your young master has no appetite . ” do with that letter ? ” not in conscience , therefore , let you run down the speeches of a man who will one day say to me , ‘ vicomte , you know i give my daughter two millions . ’ ” thanks ! meant that he didn ’ t	111.58014678955078
see what that had to do with him . ” to him . for which i had been waiting during the last year had at length arrived . the kingdom , my lord , ” said d ’ artagnan . ” said he , addressing d ’ artagnan , “ don ’ t you remember that face which is <unk> yonder ? ” . only two persons deserve our notice ; these are mademoiselle eugénie danglars and mademoiselle louise d ’ armilly . your excellency , ” he said to him ; “ you heard what the count just said , and also my reply ; let me add that i would not for the four thousand piastres at which i had fixed your friend ’ s ransom	52.18783950805664
, that this had happened . ” to me to wish for a nearer <unk> of these large insects , with their long black claws , for i always feared to find under their stone wings some little human genius <unk> to death with <unk> , <unk> , and government intrigues . that if my boots need a <unk> , your stockings and shoes stand in equal need of a brush . , had been seen in paris , and it was expected that he would <unk> to claim the illustrious outcast . it is a great happiness that the queen , who always wished you well , had a fancy to send you here , where there ’ s a <unk> and a tennis court , good	172.15127563476562
air , and a good table . ” the past ? ” asked porthos . of sending to paris , he carefully preserved the petition that so fearfully compromised dantès , in the hopes of an event that seemed not <unk> , —that is , a second restoration . assassination , ” said de guiche . the <unk> of <unk> herself could not have read them . in the cabin as in the pavilion ; but as the cabin was his last resource , he knocked again . of the bed and softly kissed the <unk> forehead of her son ; then she retired as silently as she had come , merely saying to laporte : of joy , and , without inquiring whence this attire came ,	102.99836730957031
or even thanking luigi , darted into the grotto , transformed into a dressing-room . made a tremendous noise . ” said caderousse ; “ no , i thank you . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ since you can not marry madame without my consent and <unk> ” courageous and firm , shivered in spite of herself . stone which had struck him on the forehead , had left a <unk> in the street and returned to the palais royal , followed by a menacing crowd , to tell his story . the count , turning towards franz , “ it seems to me that this is a very likely story . has given an heir to the crown of france . ” begun	49.58171844482422
to follow , or rather to advance before the boat . <unk> , that invincible power of evil . ! ” said grimaud , who had not spoken a word . now . dear boy , ” continued noirtier , “ i rely on your prudence to remove all the things which i leave in your care . ” ’ i ask you to look , not among your friends of to-day , but among those of other times . ” jove ! ” cried porthos , with a laugh that shook the windows . an instance here ; it was by always offering a million of francs to the governor for his liberty that an abbé became mad , who was in this chamber before you .	84.64338684082031
” turned , the chateau de la valliere appeared in view ; then , a quarter of a mile beyond , a white house , encircled in sycamores , was visible at the farther end of a group of trees , which spring had <unk> with a snow of flowers . , with great impatience for the news from england which would announce to him that buckingham would not come . had made a mistake in the chamber , and that i had found my way into the apartment of some churchman . ! ” cried the commissary . to keep awake a whole night . ” over his whole person , rendered still more interesting the man whose eyes or mouth , even in the most complete	114.69945526123047
intoxication , had never revealed anything , however skillfully questions had been put to him . count , has m. danglars any reason ? ” composed this group , one was a man and the other a woman . ” cried morrel , almost overpowered ; “ leave me , i pray you ; we shall meet again in a happier time . the more precious from being all that is left to me . to refuse shelter to a man wandering about naked and <unk> . d ’ artagnan , ” said the cardinal ; “ all goes well in this direction . ” give him the same title , and everyone else does likewise . ” child , sir , ” murmured villefort . you not	97.11717224121094
to hesitate in naming your wishes ; you will then be convinced that the resources of the house of danglars , however limited , are still equal to meeting the largest demands ; and were you even to require a <unk> ” with an emotion that must have been remarked by morrel had not his eyes been fixed on the vessel . , dear grandmamma ? ” as complete as that of the bridge of ce . ” mazarin , “ i do believe he is going off with the diamond ! henrietta , with a melancholy smile , “ it is sad and almost <unk> to be obliged to say that we have passed the winter in the louvre without money , without linen , almost without	100.58320617675781
bread , and often not rising from bed because we wanted fire . ” my lord ; for after five or six years of imprisonment it is natural to feel some curiosity as to one ’ s destination . ” advantage , —that of leaving franz at full liberty to indulge his deep reverie upon the subject of signor pastrini ’ s story , in which his mysterious host of monte cristo was so strangely mixed up . monsieur de tréville , and monsieur de tréville will complain to the <unk> ” he then drew two crowns majestically from his purse and gave them to the host , who accompanied him , cap in hand , to the gate , and remounted his yellow horse , which bore	165.34231567382812
him without any further accident to the gate of st. antoine at paris , where his owner sold him for three crowns , which was a very good price , considering that d ’ artagnan had ridden him hard during the last stage . having discovered the chest , and supposing it to be a treasure , had intended carrying it off , but , perceiving his error , had dug another hole , and deposited it there ; but i could find nothing . you follow the instructions i am about to give you . ” a man walking on the <unk> parallel to the jetty , and hastening his steps , as if to reach the other side of the port , scarcely twenty steps from	107.94764709472656
the place of <unk> . , pursued his way with the indifference of a man upon whom such acts of folly made no impression . , betrayed . in the boat which conveyed him to land , he kept his face toward milady , who , standing on the deck , followed him with her eyes . cried d ’ artagnan . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i say this must come to an end ; murderer , as you were , of your uncle ! , then , ” said d ’ artagnan . d ’ artagnan . how long we remained in this state ; at that period i did not even know what time meant . has this <unk> of mind been evinced	63.980716705322266
? ” the scabbard , and made passes at the wall , springing back from time to time , and making <unk> like a <unk> . of the unfortunate man whom you left at the inn and who died in my arms . ” knew he must call assistance . , ” resumed athos , “ we are all faithful servants of his majesty . ” ” replied the stranger , “ that she did not suspect the intentions with which you went out ? ” a mania for diamonds , ” said morcerf , smiling , “ and i <unk> believe that , like <unk> , he keeps his pockets filled , for the sake of <unk> them along the road , as <unk> thumb did his	58.79998016357422
flint stones . ” ” said he , “ conduct me where you will . ” to comply with a good grace , so he took the pen , ink , and paper peppino offered him , wrote the draft , and signed it . remain with them ; and your majesty has in him so firm a <unk> that it was he who gave jussac the terrible sword thrust which has made the cardinal so angry . ” it is of her . and following the cardinal up the secret staircase , soon found himself in the study whence they had first set out . ” here , you <unk> ? ” luxury to have them alive , it being an amusing sight to see them die	125.55023956298828
, for , when dying , they change color three or four times , and like the <unk> when it disappears , pass through all the <unk> shades , after which they were sent to the kitchen . me that title ? ” , ” said he , in a deep , gloomy tone , “ here is a woman who was under my guard , and who has killed herself ! ” have been in england , sir ? ” he said , making a sign to the queen , who was evidently going to issue a severe order . enemy , but is not yours , sire ; on the contrary , she is a devoted , submissive , and irreproachable wife . do you wish	56.68842315673828
for anything else ? ” said the patron . directed towards her entirely reassured him , and the first words she spoke made his heart bound with delight . winter entered . ! ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ to pass the night with m. groslow . said d ’ artagnan , “ finish dressing his majesty . ” it ? ” inquired the unknown ; “ in the french or turkish style , strong or weak , sugar or none , cool or boiling ? not take place , edmond , since you forgive ? ” it with his hand and jumped lightly into the saddle . his sweetest smile to touch his lips to milady ’ s , but she <unk> him . be _mazzolato_	82.42011260986328
; 3 he is an atrocious villain , who murdered the priest who brought him up , and deserves not the smallest pity . hour . the other two came running around . provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg™ ’ s <unk> and <unk> that the project gutenberg™ collection will remain freely available for generations to come . , and words of pity fell on dantès ’ listening ears , mingled with brutal laughter . the words and in the bearing of aramis that the duke had great difficulty in <unk> his anger , but at a word from flamarens he restrained himself and contented himself with saying : with equal solemnity . , good little creature ! ” said milady	240.63255310058594
. feverish distraction , and in its progress visions , good and evil , passed through dantès ’ mind . baker continued bertuccio , “ i could have killed the procureur , but as i was not sufficiently acquainted with the neighborhood , i was fearful of not killing him on the spot , and that if his cries were overheard i might be taken ; so i put it off until the next occasion , and in order that nothing should escape me , i took a chamber looking into the street bordered by the wall of the garden . said , after a moment , “ they tell me great things of you . andrea had placed him on a different footing , and he hoped	120.34474182128906
this visit had another cause than that he had at first supposed . thanks for your politeness , ” said the young man , retreating . ” said she ; “ you are really suffering , and these ladies will excuse you ; drink a glass of pure water , it will restore you . ” chance of dantès being released . not , for he ordered his breakfast at ten o ’ clock . ” porthos earned by selling straw . understood that athos was sure of his vengeance when he revealed such a secret . <unk> , the only book he had ever read , but which he still slightly remembered . , i see what you wish to get at ; and if it is	83.86939239501953
simply what i think that stops you , i can <unk> the difficulty . ” surprise at the sight of his son , of whose arrival he was ignorant . and it must be admitted that she seemed very anxious . ” journey was a <unk> journey , then ? ” , ” he said aloud , “ may we , that is , my friend and i , depend on having , he his barony , and i my promotion ? ” idea of crossing by the ferry ; but on gaining the <unk> , he had mechanically put his hand into his pocket , and perceived that he had not wherewithal to pay his passage . scarron ? cried he , laughing , “ i quite	73.05287170410156
despair of my poor michon ; she will never write like monsieur de voiture . ” who guard these doors . just witnessed appeared effectually to have rent away the veil which the intoxication of the evening before had raised between himself and his memory . aroused the young girl from the stupor in which she was plunged , and which almost amounted to <unk> . and approached the house . councillor , restored to his family : , porthos , who had never doubted his friend ’ s assurance , turned back with him toward the castle . police agents and gendarmes , in the midst of whom , carefully watched , but calm and smiling , stood the prisoner . excuse me , madame ; i	161.30596923828125
wish to add nothing to the recital of these gentlemen until they perceive themselves that they have perhaps been mistaken . ” access to or distribute copies of a project gutenberg™ work in a format other than “ plain vanilla ascii ” or other format used in the official <unk> posted on the official project gutenberg™ website ( www.gutenberg.org ) , you must , at no additional cost , fee or expense to the user , provide a copy , a means of <unk> a copy , or a means of obtaining a copy upon request , of the work in its original “ plain vanilla ascii ” or other form . diamonds ; i have had some . ” blood on the <unk> ” and he set	263.7413330078125
off to follow the two friends . ” returned monte cristo , “ i do not see , in all i have done , anything that merits , either from you or these gentlemen , the pretended <unk> i have received . me ? formed his handkerchief into a loop . out that she had a _fleur-de-lis_ on her shoulder ? ” cried porthos . them in that sonorous language in which homer makes his gods converse . was a gourmand ; he had found the pates good , the wine excellent . count , —i will be sure to come , ” said villefort eagerly . d ’ artagnan . to him to be silent . exclaimed the chief , with an imperative sign of the hand	88.20501708984375
, while with the other he took off his hat respectfully ; then , turning to the singular personage who had caused this scene , he said , “ your pardon , your excellency , but i was so far from expecting the honor of a visit , that i did not really recognize you . ” then ? ” complied , although not asked in the most polite terms . young man , ” said monte cristo “ and i felt a lively interest in him the very first evening of my introduction , when i met him in search of a supper , and prevailed upon him to accept a portion of mine . me immediately , if he has returned . ” and egotistical animal	72.3998794555664
. whatever i may be , ” she added , hardly restraining herself from kissing that pure brow , “ let us see what profession you wish to follow . ” arrive , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ it will be enough , since the duke ’ s troop are only four in number . ” the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg™ license when you share it without charge with others . been so long preparing , which i have <unk> with so much care and toil , is to be crushed by a single touch , a word , a breath ! this ; but how could he risk the question ?	96.0176773071289
, leaving in his an object which he perceived to be a ring . for when you have gained your <unk> on the battle-field , you do not know how to manœuvre on the <unk> grounds of the salons . for nothing , ” said gaetano . replied he , smiling , “ of those who buried <unk> , and were interred with the corpse . ” leave the chateau ? ” , ” he replied . by your steward . and <unk> by the preoccupation into which the sight of the handkerchief appeared to have plunged the two personages now on the scene , he stole from his hiding place , and quick as lightning , but stepping with utmost caution , he ran and placed himself	102.97518920898438
close to the angle of the wall , from which his eye could pierce the interior of aramis ’ s room . the young girl , blushing with delight , and fairly leaping in excess of love , “ you see he has not forgotten me , for here he is ! ” and rushing towards the door , she opened it , saying , “ here , edmond , here i am ! ” been her majesty ’ s calculation to seek on this occasion for support so <unk> . must be near <unk> , where he pretended to be going . francs or <unk> <unk> on their <unk> , and we are a little uneasy at reports that have reached us that the firm is on	89.88618469238281
the brink of ruin . me ? ” such a place . ” the gardener ’ s . no , my brother , ” said she ; “ the sacrifice is too great , and i feel what it must cost you . <unk> , edmond ! in paris for about a fortnight , telling the world you are abandoned , and relating the details of this <unk> to your best friends , who will soon spread the report . . ” and <unk> unobserved or <unk> of ; at certain <unk> moments , the spectators would suddenly cease their conversation , or rouse themselves from their <unk> , to listen to some brilliant effort of <unk> ’ s , a <unk> <unk> by <unk> , or to	92.89690399169922
join in loud applause at the wonderful powers of la <unk> ; but that momentary excitement over , they quickly <unk> into their former state of preoccupation or interesting conversation . in token of admiration . the exalted position she had occupied , lost in the <unk> she had now chosen , like a person passing from a room splendidly lighted into utter darkness , appeared like a queen , fallen from her palace to a <unk> , and who , reduced to strict necessity , could neither become reconciled to the <unk> vessels she was herself forced to place upon the table , nor to the humble <unk> which had become her bed . , his smiling mouth had assumed the firm and marked lines which betoken	309.91619873046875
resolution ; his eyebrows were arched beneath a brow furrowed with thought ; his eyes were full of melancholy , and from their depths occasionally sparkled gloomy fires of misanthropy and hatred ; his complexion , so long kept from the sun , had now that pale color which produces , when the features are encircled with black hair , the aristocratic beauty of the man of the north ; the profound learning he had acquired had besides <unk> over his features a refined intellectual expression ; and he had also acquired , being naturally of a <unk> stature , that vigor which a frame possesses which has so long concentrated all its force within itself . were living , and came to me and begged that i	323.9927673339844
would candidly tell which were his true and which his false friends , why , perhaps , i should not hesitate . these men , monsieur comminges , but i know them , first personally , also by <unk> . cavalcanti , crossing his arms , “ one has friends . ” her , and have an explanation with her . athos , with a deep sigh . not a bravo ! , i warn you that that letter is for monsieur de tréville , and it must be found , or if it is not found , he will know how to find it . ” ” faria had so often drawn them for him . i know you to be the most conscientious man in the	85.16179656982422
world , and although i place the utmost reliance in you , i want , notwithstanding my conviction , to believe this axiom , <unk> <unk> <unk> . ” , my friend , ” said the baroness . via di <unk> and the porta san <unk> ; and when they were two hundred yards outside , as the frenchman became somewhat too forward , beppo put a brace of pistols to his head , the coachman pulled up and did the same . him , the <unk> <unk> him , and the honorable instinctively despised him . ? ” two days left ; that when once the order was signed by <unk> buckingham would sign it the more readily from its bearing a false name , and he	131.5814208984375
could not , therefore , recognize the woman in <unk> this order was signed , we say , the baron would make her embark immediately , and she knew very well that women condemned to exile employ arms much less powerful in their seductions than the <unk> virtuous woman whose beauty is lighted by the sun of the world , whose style the voice of fashion <unk> , and whom a <unk> of aristocracy <unk> with <unk> <unk> . in france , and yet always wear them , for all that . ” ” friend , porthos uttered a loud cry of joy ; and mousqueton , rising respectfully , yielded his place to him , and went to give an eye to the two stewpans , of	162.62684631347656
which he appeared to have the particular <unk> . a thing that i can ’ t perform at any time i choose . ” answered d ’ artagnan , with a smile almost as <unk> as the cardinal ’ s , “ they beat them when they draw their swords . ” black and <unk> head of caderousse appeared at the door . de la fere , a gentleman who has never deceived any human being , swear before god and before this unhappy queen , that all that was possible to save the king of england was done whilst we were on english ground . or rather i suffered for a month ! when i have no candle i can ’ t take two steps without knocking	97.71308898925781
against something . ” saw a kind of greenish <unk> , something like preserved <unk> , but which was perfectly unknown to him . monte cristo , “ this cross seems to me to be wisely awarded . doubted that this was porthos ’ s pleasant dwelling place . what period can that have been ? ” that it was he who bestowed that severe thrust at jussac ? ” ” said athos , “ i will continue , then . d ’ artagnan , “ this is rather warm ; it appears that milady and i are anxious about the health of the same person . little dinners , where one touches on one side the hand of a friend , and on the other the foot	96.99980163574219
of a mistress . you , it is because he wants you . truth ? ” he said ; “ but whether it be for recompense or punishment , i accept my fate . long . him , in order that he may give evidence of your having been with him at half past nine . right , my dear aramis , take care of yourself , ” said he ; “ i will go alone in search of athos . ” , for i see you have a blue ribbon at your button-hole . ” returned with comminges , who was on guard . think yourselves in a better position than you are . but i knew his step , i knew his voice , i knew	72.9509506225586
him by that imposing bearing which hell has bestowed upon his person for the curse of humanity . the direction pointed to by athos , and perceived aramis . , because i can live with my thoughts and recollections of past days . pistoles each , in ten throws , without revenge ; in thirteen throws i had lost <unk> thirteen throws . send him to speak at the luxembourg , to laugh at my ease . ” come , let me embrace you . thus addressed d ’ artagnan , “ your resistance is useless ; these prisoners have just been given me by my illustrious patron , oliver cromwell . ” my lord , they must be found ; but what can four men , or	175.84205627441406
rather three men <unk> i tell you , you must not count on monsieur d ’ artagnan . ” gave you yesterday ? ” it would be all the better , ” replied athos . duty as a soldier , but as a gentleman , i say that you are very culpable . ” was speaking , the queen appeared to be well pleased with the coadjutor ’ s <unk> ; but <unk> as it did with such a phrase , the only one which could be caught at by the <unk> , anne turned around and directed a glance toward her favorites , which announced that she delivered up the coadjutor to their tender <unk> . since we heard from his mistress , ” said athos ,	54.4747428894043
in a low voice . fine eye was <unk> by a tear . taken was the bearer of a letter . his hand with the air of supreme command which characterized him alone , drew out his sword and the scabbard at the same time , broke the blade in the sheath on his knee and threw the pieces to his right . real facts . the rest ventured to pass the door and to advance on tiptoe . love with the catalane ? ” you mean by that question ? ” astonished when , without having the least expectation of such a thing , i meet you face to <unk> , of whom we have so often spoken together , you whom he loves with all his	90.70333099365234
soul , you whom he had taught me to love before i had seen you ! year , ” said porthos . , but stopped at the sight of this display of force . with furniture , had aroused in him certain suspicions , but without communicating his suspicions to any one he had patiently worked his way into the midst of all that confusion . table , and the heated and energetic conversation that prevailed betrayed the violent and vindictive passions that then agitated each <unk> of the south , where unhappily , for five centuries religious strife had long given increased bitterness to the violence of party feeling . , and danglars was entirely vanquished ; with a trembling hand he took the two letters from	276.5506896972656
the count , who held them carelessly between finger and thumb , and proceeded to <unk> the signatures , with a minuteness that the count might have regarded as insulting , had it not suited his present purpose to mislead the banker . ” said athos , coolly , “ since here it is . ” or third time , monsieur , that you have repeated that name , and yet i have told you that i do not know him . ” with him . ” to be done ? ” he scarcely tasted food , but walked round and round the cell like a wild beast in its <unk> . who travels for his pleasure . ” there , ” said she , at length ,	83.65638732910156
turning towards fernand . the troops . ? ” , yes , i , too , have suffered much ! ” the presence of ali , who , not understanding one word of the language in which it was spoken , stood wholly unmoved , produced an effect on m. baptistin only to be conceived by such as have occasion to study the character and disposition of french domestics . recalled villefort from the third heaven to earth ; he composed his face , as we have before described , and said , “ i have read the letter , sir , and you have acted rightly in arresting this man ; now inform me what you have discovered concerning him and the conspiracy . ” paris on	145.31430053710938
hearing of the flight to saint germain , was that sort of <unk> which seizes children when they awake in the night and find themselves alone . i have suffered , ” said mme . his pocket <unk> , and was carried up to the red moustache , which it played with for some time . say ? was to follow her . she , “ do you want a notary , dear grandpapa ? ” the old man again signified that it was a notary he desired . address the minister ? ” . ” hair , which she also cut off , without expressing the least regret ; on the contrary , her eyes sparkled with greater pleasure than usual under her <unk> eyebrows . made	92.22704315185547
, albert , they should be promptly executed . in the principality ? ” ” cried the calm voice of athos , from the other side of the door , “ let them just come in , these <unk> of little children , and we shall see ! ” if persistence is not a virtue ? ” edmond , with a smile which had in it traces of slight uneasiness . door and the window . to deliver it ? ” my lord , you will live ! ” repeated the faithful servant of anne of austria , on his knees before the duke ’ s sofa . abbess . was public , and everyone is already talking of it . ” it destroyed , in favor of	59.03000259399414
the court , the struggle commenced with parliament . with happiness , ” cried d ’ artagnan , throwing himself on his knees , and covering with kisses the hands abandoned to him . second husband ; and your first is still living . thinking of it , and with justice . ” said porthos , haughtily ; “ do you take me for a beggar ? ” , ’ cried i , rising , for at that <unk> voice i had recovered all my strength , ‘ on the cross i swear that no promise , no menace , no force , no torture , shall close my mouth ! he uttered no cry nor called for assistance . d ’ if chapter 21 . becomes a	100.3559799194336
man accustomed to look his enemies in the face . ” in the direction which they pointed out , saw the monk , and fell back upon the <unk> , his face illumined by joy . caused me to wait a little while , i should have felt quite sure that the delay was not occasioned by any fault of yours . ” valentine doing ? ” inquired madame de villefort of edward ; “ tell someone to bid her come here , that i may have the honor of introducing her to the count . ” , for had not the count heard it from the baroness , or by one of those means by which he knew everything , the baron ’ s countenance would not	81.63735961914062
have led him to suspect it . my servants by word or action . whence i can look down on lens and the surrounding <unk> ” . groslow , and found him a more agreeable companion than he had at first believed him to be . have heard it said that hearts inflamed by obstacles to their desire grew cold in time of security ; i trust we shall never find it so in our experience ! ” continued athos , “ the <unk> true cardinal , the other <unk> one fine morning to arrest poor marie michon and send her to the chateau de <unk> . guards received bonacieux in their arms from the officer who supported him . today , ” said d ’ artagnan ;	181.99496459960938
“ but here , i ’ ll pay you for us two . ” de winter , the corrupted catholic , knows very well that i am not of his religion , and this is a snare he wishes to lay for me ! ” his . , gentlemen , ” said the general ; “ you may not acknowledge louis xviii. , but i do , as he has made me a baron and a <unk> , and i shall never forget that for these two titles i am indebted to his happy return to france . ” mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works , by using or distributing this work ( or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “	77.81267547607422
project gutenberg ” ) , you agree to comply with all the terms of the full project gutenberg™ license available with this file or online at <unk> . twenty paces behind my lord . the man came towards edmond , who heard a heavy <unk> substance laid down beside him , and at the same moment a cord was fastened round his feet with sudden and painful violence . is not the exterior i care for , it is the interior . pistoles , sir . ” cried ; “ i should be more than glad ! said to herself , “ is lost , and so are we . that cord which you see hanging against the wall , but pain prevented my continuing the pious exercise	121.90955352783203
. ” good-morning to you , monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” he said ; “ nevertheless , i have remarked you . wait , and it was easily to be seen how he cursed the delay . us more severely when they come suddenly . ” by a long and fearful state of terrified silence on the part of those who were left behind . , he would rather tear him to pieces with his teeth and nails than let him enjoy the life he himself is about to be deprived of . due precautions were taken to prevent any attempt at escape . upstairs . offer . ” a smile , and when wounded had exclaimed with the great philosopher , “ pain , thou art	144.64097595214844
not an evil . ” seen and heard , and the tartan instantly steered towards him . ” the duke ; and at the same time he sprang toward his sword . certain ; only i have seen things which induce me to believe , as i told you , that the future captain will find some annoyance in the vicinity of the <unk> <unk> . ” artagnan ! ” said athos . small salon , excellency , ” returned bertuccio . that mademoiselle danglars is as good as m. de morcerf . ” , valentine , i am alone in the world . milady , in an anxious tone ; “ explain yourself , for i really can not tell what you mean . ” room of	52.84730529785156
the parpaillot . antechamber , above the door was visible a shield , which , by its rich ornaments and its harmony with the rest of the furniture , indicated the importance the owner attached to this <unk> . s all over ! tasted of a slightly bitter flavor , like that of dried <unk> ? ” i repeat , you are wrong . <unk> ” peppino obeyed . madame de villefort , smiling , “ are you courageous enough to sit down upon the very seat perhaps upon which the crime was committed ? ” and be of good courage , ” said athos . my boy , so we <unk> we will , ” replied the old man ; “ but how shall we be happy	86.44842529296875
? to <unk> up the balls , which were picked up by la ramee and the guard . she had wished to speak , but she had remained silent through fear of losing one of her companion ’ s words . <unk> and <unk> i became terrified , not for <unk> i , a simple corsican fisherman , had nothing to fear ; on the contrary , that time was most favorable for us <unk> for my brother , a soldier of the empire , returning from the army of the loire , with his uniform and his <unk> , there was everything to apprehend . no ! ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ to reserve a portion for my friend ; like myself ”	98.99958801269531
( he laid an emphasis on these words ) “ an ancient musketeer of the company of tréville ; he has done wonders . ” his mind . ? ” , i was able for one instant to be alone with you . each other , and at this moment a pistol-shot and cries for help were heard . on a subject ; then , when i shall have learned what i desire to know , i will withdraw . ” any idea of it without having seen it . . . ” answer might be prompt and favorable ; and having again recommended porthos to the care of mousqueton , and paid his bill to the host , he resumed his route with planchet , already relieved	100.79315948486328
of one of his led horses . going . ” my fault . ” dear beauchamp , thank you for the excellent feeling which <unk> your advice ; but it can not be . by no means curious , but i assure you that it is not my fault i have delayed it so <unk> will happen one day or the other . ” ” open to you . the clock was striking twelve . all that to us ? ” said d ’ artagnan . rogliano , neither have i since that day either seen or heard anything concerning him . believe sup , but to eat nothing . taken suddenly ill . had it , ” <unk> the gascon , making believe to find it .	98.25797271728516
the baroness reluctantly gave him , and led her respectfully back to the door . ” it is an old family jewel . ” , my hands were full , your honor . ” the noble action this purse <unk> , we should not expose it thus to view . not only by these signs , but also from the accent with which he spoke to the postilion , as a frenchman . sign that he accepted the <unk> honor ; danglars rang and was answered by a servant in a <unk> livery . ” replied monte cristo , “ all this is an affair between the french captain and the daughter of vasiliki . like a <unk> repeat the word . one a minute longer than you	114.0016860961914
please , ” said dantès , who had followed the working of his thoughts as accurately as though his brain were enclosed in crystal so clear as to display its <unk> operations . beautiful vessel ? ” valentine . ” mistress , and mme . , was any person present during your last conversation with captain leclere ? ” me go , without friends , without money , in a part of france with which i am <unk> , and where i have never been before ? ” motionless position for some time after his two friends had regained their carriage ; then suddenly <unk> his horse from the little tree to which his servant had tied it , he mounted and galloped off in the direction of	142.38351440429688
paris . , overwhelmed with grief at this public humiliation . , buttoned up close , decorated with the legion of honor . ” it , ” said laporte , “ my sons , like myself , are at the queen ’ s service . ” yet of all those who have fallen under your vengeance i was the most guilty . by some means , no doubt , of my return . go and see mercédès , and afterwards come to me . ” ; i am dying . ” rest , ” replied athos . said athos , “ am returning to bragelonne . tranquillity and moderation , the count , making a signal to ali to follow him , went out by the <unk> and	62.52865219116211
on reaching the bois de boulogne turned , apparently without design towards paris and at twilight ; found himself opposite his house in the champs-élysées . artagnan opened his eyes . done . ” seldom seen the young musketeer ; but every time he had seen him , he had remarked a deep sadness imprinted on his countenance . by a private entrance , closed the door of the study , and soon the rustling of a dress announced the arrival of valentine . ! officer and he directed the point of the poniard in such a manner , close to la ramee ’ s heart , that there could be no doubt in the mind of that individual as to his determination . ” said the count	91.1404800415039
; “ adieu , my dearest boy ! ” <unk> ? ” while , the maternal kiss probably not offering sufficient recompense for the trouble he must take to obtain it ; however at length he decided , leaped out of the window into a cluster of <unk> and <unk> , and ran to his mother , his forehead streaming with perspiration . assunta , my sister-in-law , and with the other five hundred i set off for nîmes . , ” exclaimed cromwell , pleased at having his opinion of the young man raised once more ; “ i will give them to you ; i will not even ask who they are ; do as you like with them . ” you—i , who have never	118.44309997558594
loved anyone but my <unk> who have met with nothing but traitors and <unk> men . saw another bottle approach him , which he was pressed to taste . ! ” then , to relate the history of my past sorrows ? ” said she . ? ” grimaud ! ” exclaimed raoul “ here you are at last ! him with exemplary <unk> , and when he had finished said , “ and madame bonacieux , do you know who carried her off ? —for i do not forget that i owe to that unpleasant circumstance the good fortune of having made your acquaintance . ” by the <unk> sun , advanced , twirling the remains of a hat between his hands . said the countess ,	102.17977905273438
“ accustomed as he is to burning <unk> , possibly he does not feel the heat as we do . ” all over , ” murmured d ’ artagnan . of <unk> to a conservatory . can go and come and fight for the cause of the people . sufficient ; a man can pass through that . ” d ’ artagnan ; the rapier had pierced his bosom . ” said edmond , “ if you do not , i shall die of <unk> is all . ” , while he wiped away the sweat that started to his brow . <unk> iron , the iron of the executioner , was imprinted on my shoulder . ” have informed him , and monsieur laporte is come ?	63.699073791503906
” door opened ; a man appeared on the threshold . ” said d ’ artagnan . well , ” murmured the king , “ yes , this is just the account the duke gave me of the affair . , that we have pledged ourselves to his majesty for your <unk> and strict loyalty , and that at our recommendation the king consented to forget the past , as i do ” ( and here she extended to him her hand ) — “ as i now do at your entreaty . that when m. d ’ artagnan came as usual , he should be immediately admitted ; but he did not come . will console him . a confectioner in the rue des lombards ! i	70.61419677734375
was happy , because i had not <unk> death , because to be cast upon a bed of rocks and <unk> seemed terrible , because i was unwilling that i , a creature made for the service of god , should serve for food to the <unk> and <unk> . he would more likely have got rid of me by <unk> a knife into me . ” the compliments that awaited her on her entrance , the duchess seemed to be looking for some one ; at last she found out raoul and her eyes sparkled ; she perceived athos and became thoughtful ; she saw aramis in the seclusion of the window and gave a start of surprise behind her fan . <unk> contempt he passed on	146.9370880126953
. long and white , and flowed over his shoulders ; while in his eyes , shaded by thick black lashes , was concentrated , as it often happens with an <unk> which is used to the exclusion of the others , all the activity , address , force , and intelligence which were formerly <unk> over his whole body ; and so although the movement of the arm , the sound of the voice , and the agility of the body , were wanting , the speaking eye sufficed for all . , ” interposed monte cristo . i go , i depart ! , or i shall cause deep anxiety to my family . them too little for you not to divine them . ” partook	130.08770751953125
of his <unk> another partook of his <unk> another was to die before him ! lens , with the intention , doubtless , of securing possession of that town and separating from france the army of france . questions about this prolonged melancholy . fallen fortune seemed suddenly to crush him ; he could not foresee the consequences ; he could not contemplate the future with the indifference of the <unk> criminal who merely faces a <unk> already familiar . that ? ” the count with a certain uneasiness , but at a smile from athos he was quickly reassured . the glory of having saved his king , ” cried winter . to go and serve in greece , still having his name kept on the army	194.7984619140625
roll . him to find you here . ” continued villefort . believed him ; but men are changed by events . ” of assent . ” first . ” to send me fifty louis or so , of which i stood absolutely in need on account of my accident . ” you may be sure of it . ” thought of it ? ” silence , the poor lad this time found his speech . the dragoon . friends , and followed mousqueton . ” said mazarin , thoughtfully . ! ” sending a scrutinizing glance from milady to the young officer . , debray , ” returned beauchamp , laughing , “ for here is château-renaud , who , to cure you of your mania for	88.12181854248047
paradoxes , will pass the sword of <unk> de <unk> , his ancestor , through your body . ” a favorite with cucumetto , as he had for three years faithfully served him , and as he had saved his life by shooting a dragoon who was about to cut him down , he hoped the chief would have pity on him . did you not refuse to go to brussels for the queen , whilst you had consented to go there to do some service for the late cardinal ? ” , and her husband is dead ! ” a <unk> of broussel ’ s party , nor of blancmesnil ’ s , nor am i with <unk> ; but with the duc de beaufort , the	100.86162567138672
<unk> de bouillon and d ’ elbeuf ; with princes , not with <unk> , <unk> and low-born lawyers . . secrets will remain in the family . ” you , monsieur . ” you do not know is that i was carried off by bandits . ” , but it was too late . spite of all the remarks which she considered it her duty to make , secretly approved of the proposition , my father consented to it at her <unk> , and it was only on account of my poor grandfather that i finally abandoned the project . . forgotten the night in which you served me as an escort to the red dovecot . for access to , viewing , displaying , performing ,	99.49488830566406
copying or distributing any project gutenberg™ works unless you comply with paragraph 1.e.8 or 1.e.9 . ” cried the duke ; “ i shall beat you . ” <unk> <unk> . , ” replied mousqueton . on , ” replied d ’ artagnan , laughing heartily ; “ relate your story and i will <unk> it if it is a good one . ” rose half out of the water , waving his cap , and uttering a loud shout peculiar to sailors . clock is too slow ? ” as often as you can ; that is to say , as often as you can with safety . all prepared , with the addition of sugar , which had been brought for albert . not break your	80.27769470214844
legs in <unk> over some chain or your neck by falling in a hole . ” ? with me ? ” said she . begin to trust this man and to depend upon him , and i should have news from those without the prison walls . ” talk to me thus ? ” said buckingham . <unk> ; so we opened the bird , and this time all special symptoms had disappeared , there were only general symptoms . ” cried lord de winter ; “ ha , ha ! vengeance against my father , and had long watched his opportunity to kill him , had introduced himself that night into the garden in which my father buried me . de morcerf , countess , whom i	110.73563385009766
left in pursuit of his unknown about seven o ’ clock this evening , ” said franz , “ and whom i have not seen since . ” else , certainly . ” and looked thoughtful . athos ; “ that does honor to your imagination . ” deceived myself , ” he said ; “ i must look upon the past in a false light . go by the corso . to close their eyes , which they half opened when their companion came in again . but that <unk> ” ... ... ... <unk> ... ... ... ... <unk> ... ... ... ... 114 <unk> . , a livid flash darted from her eyes ; she ran to the table , emptied into mme . once	102.95555114746094
on <unk> <unk> , once that he had seen the indifferent , if not friendly , appearance of his <unk> , his anxiety had quite disappeared , or rather , at sight of the goat , had turned to appetite . and chibouques ; as to m. baptistin , this portion of the building was <unk> to him . all the visitors who were caught . monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” said raoul , “ you are such a brave gentleman and the comte de la fere has so much affection for you ! ” , ” said the host , “ that this is not the first time i have had the honor of seeing monsieur . ” the king to go to bed ; call	59.03504180908203
laporte . ” ? ” and with reason , on milady . tell you . himself like a vagabond or a thief , he should have <unk> ” midnight , and i am late . ” if you have forgotten the history of <unk> , i , at least , remember it . ” different ; the house you purchase is at auteuil . ” , my lord . ” later he was at greenwich . , to fulfill your highness ’ s wishes on this occasion . ” the king , looking at a clock , “ there , now , as it is half past eight , you may retire ; for as i told you , i expect someone at nine . the corpse ?	69.75162506103516
” me ; allow me , then , to enjoy it at my ease , ” and taking her hand , she drew her toward the armchair by the bedside . he should send word to his wife , so that she might not be anxious about him , but planchet replied with much sagacity that he was very sure his wife would not die of anxiety through not knowing where he was , while he , planchet , remembering her <unk> of tongue , would die of anxiety if she did know . prefect of police arrived ten minutes before ten , he was told that lord wilmore , who was precision and punctuality <unk> , was not yet come in , but that he would be	108.31986999511719
sure to return as the clock struck . the doctor <unk> , dropping the sheet he had raised . ” artagnan had made three terrible thrusts at mordaunt , all of which touched , but only pricked him . ” said he , “ let me introduce to you m. maximilian morrel , captain of spahis , my friend ; and what is <unk> the man speaks for <unk> preserver . drawing near the disclosure . ” ! <unk> impossible ! ” to come to the opera , doubtless that i might be a witness to the insult he meant to offer you . ” great action bears its recompense with it , the brave exploit of d ’ artagnan resulted in the restoration of the <unk> he	116.210205078125
had lost . france somewhat dear to assert her rights in that <unk> country . ’ ” , and i will set out at once . ” cried the youth ; “ oh ! very like a grimace , and then turned round to monte cristo , as if to ask him to extricate him from his embarrassment . fortune , without protection , without a future , unless the eye of my queen , which i have sought so long , rests on me for a moment . go so fast ? ’ asked i of my mother . bonds of a political nature with the prince de marsillac , the eldest son of the old duc de <unk> , whom she was trying to inspire with	98.09038543701172
an enmity toward the duc de condé , her brother-in-law , whom she now hated mortally . that ’ s nothing new ; no , we ’ ve been used to those acclamations for some time . ” , and my clothes are ready packed , ” said morrel in his tranquil but mournful manner . suited to the requirements of a man desirous of burying treasure . quite my friends , and i am sorry you are not so ; but i know you are brave and loyal gentlemen , and that confidence may be placed in you . ” answered mordaunt , “ you know the french proverb , ‘ nothing one does not do one ’ s self is ever well done. ’ i shall	136.8850860595703
abide by that rule . ” hence at the latest . ” clock has just struck , m. bertuccio , ” said the count severely ; “ i ordered dinner at that hour , and i do not like to wait ; ” and he returned to his guests , while bertuccio , leaning against the wall , succeeded in reaching the dining-room . ” he arose , and followed valentine , who was running downstairs with the joy of a <unk> <unk> who finds a rock to cling to . a more attentive ear than the first , and she heard their steps die away in the distance of the corridor . the health of edmond and the lovely mercédès . ” looked on while the soldiers	115.95973205566406
bound felton , and could not tell what to think of such <unk> . hurry , sir count , ” said d ’ artagnan . , i have <unk> my first order , but i will not disobey the second ; and if you move , i will blow your brains <unk> ” and he levelled his carbine at dantès , who felt the muzzle against his temple . would soon see how moderate and reasonable we are ! ” more than i deserve , sire , that your majesty may never have occasion to recall the first opinion you have been pleased to form of me. ” the minister of police thanked the young man by an eloquent look , and villefort understood that he had succeeded	89.90872955322266
in his design ; that is to say , that without <unk> the gratitude of the king , he had made a friend of one on whom , in case of necessity , he might rely . audience , in his gascon imagination , depended his future life , he saluted aramis and porthos politely , declaring that he would not resume the game until he should be prepared to play with them on more equal terms , and went and took his place near the cord and in the gallery . four of the band , who were concealed on the banks of the <unk> , surrounded the carriage . papers of all sorts , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , which were kept in the <unk>	88.07821655273438
of the family , all descending from the poisoned cardinal , i in my turn examined the immense <unk> of documents , like twenty <unk> , <unk> , secretaries before me ; but in spite of the most <unk> researches , i <unk> . you think , porthos ; you know the proverb , ‘ all roads lead to rome . ’ ” . nubian , believes me to be an arab ; bertuccio , my steward , takes me for a roman ; haydée , my slave , thinks me a greek . auteuil was talked of everywhere . hours , ” thought dantès , “ the turnkey will enter my chamber , find the body of my poor friend , recognize it , seek for me	206.6112823486328
in vain , and give the alarm . one there except a musketeer of his own troop , he fixed his eyes upon the supposed soldier , in whose dress , nevertheless , he recognized at the first glance the cardinal . of <unk> what great and mysterious purpose has it pleased heaven to <unk> the man once so elevated , and raise up him who was so <unk> ? ” very pale . direction and saw that they were fixed on a bottle containing the mixture which he took every morning . this corner of france and return to the cardinal it would take her at least three days . de la chevrette they found the baron ’ s equipage all ready and mousqueton on his saddle	148.1026611328125
. , ” returned morcerf ; “ but i fear that you will be much disappointed , accustomed as you are to picturesque events and fantastic horizons . asked the gascon . as if it had been a burning <unk> . windows looking into the street , albert could see all that passed ; the sight of what is going on is necessary to young men , who always want to see the world traverse their horizon , even if that horizon is only a public <unk> . the discretion of the good abbess would go , she began to tell a story , obscure at first , but very circumstantial afterward , about the cardinal , relating the amours of the minister with mme . rooted to	136.9902801513672
the spot like a statue of terror , and villefort , with his head hidden in the <unk> , saw nothing around him , d ’ avrigny approached the window , that he might the better examine the contents of the glass , and dipping the tip of his finger in , tasted it . ” cried mordaunt , “ you are betrayed . , foreseeing such an event , had kept his eye on him , sprang toward him , caught him in his arms , and assisted him to his chamber . . ” that it was indeed she ; but less preoccupied by that pretty face than d ’ artagnan , he had fancied he saw a second head , a man ’ s head	75.47503662109375
, inside the carriage . ” at the tuileries why , d ’ artagnan felt a cold shiver run through his veins . affair ? ” ” replied planchet , astonished . with the officers of the guard , with the other prisoners , or with me . ” up all albert ’ s successive caprices , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> whole orchestra , for albert had had not a taste but a fancy for music ; <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> music had been succeeded by painting ; <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> , following the example of the fashionable young men of the time , albert de morcerf <unk> , with far more perseverance than music and drawing , the	103.82396697998047
three arts that complete a dandy ’ s education , <unk> , fencing , <unk> , and <unk> ; and it was here that he received <unk> , <unk> , and charles <unk> . as a fisherman , might get a place as clerk in a warehouse , and become in time a dealer myself . ” been presented to madame de saint-méran , who had left her bed to receive him , but had been obliged to return to it immediately after . arose , and having imposed silence , said , — “ sir , you are too serious and too sensible a man not to understand the consequences of our present situation , and your candor has already dictated to us the conditions which remain	148.68707275390625
for us to offer you. ” the general , putting his hand on his sword , exclaimed , — “ if you talk of honor , do not begin by <unk> its laws , and impose nothing by violence . ” milady till that time had only seen a very simple gentleman , had become an admirable jailer . , and left the room . the detail , ” said she , “ because , having many relatives in business , i was almost sure of obtaining things at a hundred per cent less than you would pay yourself . ” for i see you once more , ” said the old man ; “ and now it ’ s all <unk> is all right again . ”	85.8675537109375
cried morrel , groaning with sorrow , “ i love her ! ” that <unk> ” going to ask leave of absence of m. de tréville , confiding to him candidly the importance of his departure , when the news was transmitted to him as well as to his three friends that the king was about to set out for paris with an escort of twenty musketeers , and that they formed part of the escort . whilst d ’ artagnan was leaning over the aperture to listen , a <unk> sound , as if some one was moving a bag of gold , struck on his ear ; he started ; instantly afterward a door opened and a light played upon the staircase . madame de chevreuse	81.82665252685547
, “ i believe you are a sorcerer ; i am prepared for anything . officer by the arm , and turned his head over his shoulder , so as not to lose sight of milady till he was gone out . horseback , and go and meet her . them . not like him , i assure you i shall be happy to see him . ” ” loaf . wish to know ; follow me . ” she , and her eyes were wet with tears while looking at him to whom she spoke , “ how noble it is of you , how great the action you have just performed , how sublime to have taken pity on a poor woman who <unk> to you	65.80039978027344
with every chance against her , alas , i am grown old with grief more than with years , and can not now remind my edmond by a smile , or by a look , of that mercédès whom he once spent so many hours in contemplating . , and cheer my solitude . ; and dantès saw that it came from mercédès ’ chamber . . a prince to us , who fixed the <unk> upon a great queen ’ s head ? felton laid the book upon the little table near which milady was sitting , at the tone in which he pronounced the two words , <unk> <unk> , at the disdainful smile with which he accompanied them , milady raised her head , and	162.2646484375
looked more attentively at the officer . his hat , and could not be persuaded to make use of his cloak . blow with a beating heart . gave orders for the horses to be made ready for departure , the two young men ascended to the upper windows of the house and saw in the direction of <unk> and of lens a large body of infantry and cavalry . then , intelligence of you . them even of the power of uttering a cry . work to count his fortune . on the vendomois road , d ’ artagnan , you so brave , and you , porthos , so <unk> and so <unk> were beaten ; to-day aramis and i are beaten in our turn .	94.96589660644531
at those two exercises ; but pass the pen over to monsieur abbé . to rely upon that . ” a mist , a black figure kneeling and buried in a confused mass of white drapery . ? transformation had taken place in him . man set forward on his journey , furnished with the three paternal gifts , which consisted , as we have said , of fifteen crowns , the horse , and the letter for m. de <unk> counsels being thrown into the bargain . so grand , so sublime in the hour of death , meeting his fate with a smile of resignation on his lips , now in that gloomy hour wiped away a tear which had fallen on the table and <unk>	155.07518005371094
on the gold embroidered cloth . she was of the color of ashes . for paris . have desired the same horses you came with to be put to one of my carriages , and ali , he whom you think so very ugly , ” continued he , addressing the boy with a smiling air , “ will have the honor of driving you home , while your coachman remains here to attend to the necessary <unk> of your calash . desire to leave this fortune ? ” number to wait upon the duke of orleans , who , according to his custom , affected <unk> . the queen , with a faltering voice , “ because , in the midst of such a crowd as this	87.5281982421875
, i feared some accident might happen to them . ” said madame de villefort , endeavoring by a struggle , and with effort , to get away from her thoughts , “ however skilfully it is prepared , crime is always crime , and if it avoid human scrutiny , it does not escape the eye of god . any longer to discover the reason . monte cristo , “ is the politeness of kings , according to one of your sovereigns , i think ; but it is not the same with travellers . at the very moment when , thanks to the ray of the sun , he perceived the gun barrel , he was thinking with astonishment on the forbearance of his eminence with	87.37666320800781
respect to him . and searched the dwelling , but in vain . 6,000 or <unk> francs , his bills <unk> up to the 5th to 4,000 or 5,000 , which , making the best of everything , gave him <unk> francs to meet debts amounting to 287,500 francs . the means of escape . it is a settled thing ; and now , my lord , will you obtain for me an audience with the queen ? ” to face with <unk> ! ” said mazarin , “ your majesty knows not what you ask . has not suspected me a single instant ? ” mme . it ? ” ” continued she , “ that a first fault <unk> the prospects of a whole life .	102.64115142822266
of all kinds were assembled at the gate of the camp ; and in a separate group might be distinguished m. de busigny , the dragoon , the swiss , and the fourth <unk> . to him , but they seized hold of her , and one of the <unk> other than the accursed benedetto exclaimed : his name monte cristo ? ” during which i imagined i heard <unk> repeatedly . . his sword , which was hanging on the wall ; aramis seized his knife ; d ’ artagnan arose . a <unk> to your mother ? said morrel , “ allow me , sir , to tell you who i am , how much i love mademoiselle valentine , and what are my designs respecting	92.72762298583984
her . ” can see it all before me this moment . ” wait , ” said louis xviii . the brow of milady . , and if i have not been allowed to possess it , you will . ” returned the other , smiling . of introduction , which the latter read with english coolness , and having finished : protestations of alarm , d ’ artagnan slipped him gently down into the arms of athos , who stood immovable at the bottom of the wall . ; condemned by parliament . ” men , ” said he , “ i accuse this woman of having poisoned constance bonacieux , who died yesterday evening . ” for you at anchor . her throat a small golden	72.99468994140625
key which hung there , and presented it to the cardinal . very little heed of the eloquent discourse of m. bazin ; and as he had no desire to support a <unk> discussion with his friend ’ s valet , he simply moved him out of the way with one hand , and with the other turned the handle of the door of number five . that she should come and see me twice a week ; for , as i had the honor to tell you , my wife loves me <unk> wife , then , came and confided to me that the queen at that very moment entertained great fears . ” the deck for him . ” valentine , confess that what i say	90.4404067993164
is true , lest i be tempted to call you unjust . ” you think of her ? ” possible to avoid a little condescension toward a husband whose pretty wife has appointed a meeting with you that same evening at st . by a thousand details , tried to catch the gascon ’ s eye ; but he , with his wonted prudence , had mingled with the crowd . and respectfully approached the prelate and spoke to him privately a few words , to which the latter responded by an affirmative sign . repeated porthos , quite <unk> . redoubled the hilarity of the guests to such a degree , that the elder dantès , who , at the commencement of the repast , had commented	151.47744750976562
upon the silence that prevailed , now found it difficult , amid the general din of voices , to obtain a moment ’ s tranquillity in which to drink to the health and prosperity of the bride and bridegroom . the place to which athos pointed , d ’ artagnan saw a cavalier coming toward the house at full gallop . he has fled ; let him <unk> is a <unk> offence . ” <unk> ! if i mistake not , a <unk> . ” , i did not ask for one . eagerly the particulars were asked for , given , and received ; and morrel could read an indescribable joy in the eyes of his beloved , when she knew that the termination of this affair	118.85514068603516
was as happy as it was unexpected . and i repeat it , that to-night we rescue charles i . with that mandate , obtained the pasha ’ s ring , which gave you authority over selim , the <unk> ! said morrel . duke bowed low to monsieur de chavigny . of gold , each <unk> from two to three pounds ; then he piled up twenty-five thousand crowns , each worth about eighty francs of our money , and bearing the <unk> of alexander vi . they stopped the horses and cut the escort to pieces , whilst i opened the doors of the carriage and monsieur de rochefort jumped out and soon was lost amongst the crowd . alone divided me from it yielded to	224.15969848632812
my efforts , and i found myself in the house . sir , if you please ; but you know that god , who loves martyrs , sometimes permits the innocent to be condemned . ” . for a moment . porthos , “ let us break the door in and fall upon him . ” the enemy ? maximilian , “ death came a third time , and neither the master of the house nor the doctor said a word . said beauchamp , rising in his turn , “ i can not throw you out of window for three <unk> is to say , for twenty-four days to <unk> have you any right to split my skull open till that time has elapsed . ’ avrigny	72.6855697631836
struck his forehead with his hand . expects his money ? ” , remain here ? ” said cromwell , laughing , “ is all very well here , but take care a word like that does not escape your lips in public . ” some time with an expression which the young man took for doubt , but which , however , was nothing but observation , or rather the wish to <unk> . ” asked villefort , rushing from his room . on the morrow ; therefore albert had not an instant to lose in setting forth the programme of his hopes , expectations , and <unk> to notice . my lord ? cry , less piercing than the first , but followed by prolonged groaning	92.51068878173828
, was heard . read the address to know to whom to give it . ” that monk has , ” said de guiche . of that young man ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , as they hurried along . pastrini , “ i am delighted to have your approbation , but it was not for that i came . ” doors again ? ” andrea , i think you have managed this affair rather skilfully ? ” groslow , sighing ; “ there is something still more wearisome , and that is not to play at all . ” stammered the baron . price we are not agreed about . ’ that , ” replied m. de tréville , in a somewhat softened tone . you	55.4771728515625
my impressions concerning the telegraph . ” arm and rested my hand on my <unk> ; do you understand what i mean ? ” and drank greedily of the <unk> that had lodged in a hollow of the rock . well ? ” asked the count , with an affectionate benevolence , whose sincerity no one could for a moment doubt . gascon . almost mad , stood speechless . <unk> are looking for them ? ” m. andrea cavalcanti ! ” the results of an examination which i have made of a man of marseilles , whom i have watched for some time , and arrested on the day of my departure . cardinal laporte ’ s place , which he accepted and went from one carriage	87.24339294433594
to the other . of the count , and one of the most active <unk> to the idea of providing the chamber of peers with a uniform . without waiting for a reply and each one seemed to be contented with expressing his or her own thoughts . the fort l ’ evêque ? ” said the king . , and covered with one of those thick , <unk> skins through which the teeth can not penetrate with all their efforts . which meant that while perhaps he approved the moral he altogether <unk> the tone in which it was uttered . t talk of such things ! ” cried the procurator ’ s wife , bursting into tears . ” replied raoul ; “ on the contrary	73.06332397460938
, he gained great glory and had the honor of being embraced by his highness , the prince , on the field of battle . ” as hard a canter as their horses could maintain . his finger toward heaven . that young man nearer . ” such was the case . meung . the <unk> , whom cromwell had made his body-guard . ” monster , who , at twenty-five years of age , has been guilty of as many crimes as you could read of in a year in the <unk> of our tribunals . , and have come out fifteen feet from where i intended . buckingham , “ and rather twice than once . ” between her two hands , and tried to recall	118.06749725341797
her ideas , <unk> in a mortal vertigo . ; and this i swear by the two beings most dear to me upon earth , <unk> father and mercédès . ” an agitation the queen ’ s mind must be in for her to have remembered me after twenty years . ” a singular and picturesque manner , half <unk> , half spanish , still remains , and is inhabited by descendants of the first <unk> , who speak the language of their fathers . he cried ; “ one of them is trembling with fever , having failed to <unk> himself to this charming country of yours , and the other is a knight of malta , as timid as a young girl ; and for greater	133.28533935546875
security we have taken from them even their <unk> and pocket scissors . ” heard of the landing of the emperor ? ” appetite , looking now and then at poor raoul , who with moist eyes and a full heart , scarcely ate at all . be had in saint germain . will , count , and continue this conversation at my house , any day you may be willing to see an adversary capable of understanding and anxious to <unk> you , and i will show you my father , m. noirtier de villefort , one of the most fiery <unk> of the french revolution ; that is to say , he had the most remarkable audacity , <unk> by a most powerful <unk> man who	108.39706420898438
has not , perhaps , like yourself seen all the kingdoms of the earth , but who has helped to overturn one of the greatest ; in fact , a man who believed himself , like you , one of the <unk> , not of god , but of a supreme being ; not of providence , but of fate . well , as i gave my order to saddle my horse . sail for marseilles , with directions from dantès to join him at the island of monte cristo . artagnan there ? ” italian <unk> , adventurers of all nations , and soldiers of fortune of every <unk> , <unk> at the first summons under the standard of the protestants , and organized themselves like a	117.60523223876953
vast association , whose branches <unk> freely over all parts of europe . , my friend ; for in losing him you would lose your barony , which you have in your grasp , to say nothing of the fact that , were he once out of this , mazarin would have you hanged . ” owe me a fearful <unk> . ” trouble and confusion in the assembly . <unk> of paper ! —it must be seen to be believed . ” flock to <unk> on the road that leads from palestrina to <unk> ; every day , at nine o ’ clock in the morning , the priest and the boy sat down on a bank by the <unk> , and the little shepherd took his	105.5787582397461
lesson out of the priest ’ s breviary . it as a sacrilegious <unk> to reward treachery , perhaps crime . ” me . ” ’ s guards placed <unk> de <unk> by you four in two days ! of escape of the duc de beaufort . to resist , resistance would make so much noise . athos , “ if she is not proud of him , she must be hard to please . ” could be no mistake in the execution of her orders , she started her horse and disappeared . do you not see i have no time to lose ? ” said d ’ artagnan , “ your eminence sees that we wish to act with all formality and due respect ; but	64.44981384277344
i must warn you that we have no time to lose ; open the door then , my lord , and be so good as to remember , once for all , that on the slightest attempt to escape or the faintest cry for help , our position being very critical indeed , you must not be angry with us if we go to extremities . ” you have me do ? ” said the major . shall fight till one of us is dead , ” said the general , whose teeth were clenched with rage . country through which we walk , becomes indistinct as we advance . complain of the <unk> of his rank with his fortune ; and i advised him to <unk> all	98.89904022216797
he had in an annuity . were three days without anything to eat or drink , so that we began to think of drawing lots who should feed the rest , when we saw _la <unk> ; we made signals of distress , she perceived us , made for us , and took us all on board . the count , “ how very ungrateful women are . have had any interest in preventing the accomplishment of these two things ? your excellency ? ” with a sigh . ” said comminges , putting down the sashes , that the interior of the carriage might be well seen , and placing his sword on his prisoner ’ s breast , “ one step nearer , and i kill	126.68001556396484
the prisoner ; my orders were to carry him off alive or dead . said tréville , coldly , “ i have some pretty things to tell your majesty concerning these gownsmen . ” came from a neighboring carriage , and which , while it covered morcerf and his two companions with dust , pricked his neck and that portion of his face uncovered by his mask like a hundred pins , <unk> him to join in the general combat , in which all the masks around him were engaged . woman one loves is holy . ” deep thought , as if he were fighting with himself ; then , going to a large cupboard closed with a triple lock , he took from it a bag	172.6283721923828
of silver , and <unk> it twice in his hands before he gave it to d ’ artagnan : broke , and after an hour of useless toil , dantès paused with anguish on his brow . the study . exhaust her vengeance on me alone ! ” , will , power , or feeling ; he followed where they led him . about some thing . ” valliere have for a long time perceived and been amused at it ; now they begin to look concerned . ” ’ s handwriting ; only this time it was addressed to m. d ’ artagnan , and not to m. de wardes . the lieutenant , “ ’ tis to general cromwell that our <unk> are addressed . ”	107.23064422607422
poor lubin , the lackey of the comte de <unk> whom you took such good care of a month ago at calais , on the road to the governor ’ s country house ! ” ” that of a lover for his mistress <unk> , undoubtedly , in some paternal hearts toward a son . <unk> majesty , ” <unk> athos , chilled with terror . surprise at the sight of a stranger , and maximilian began to laugh . a low room where there were <unk> , gloves , masks , <unk> , and all the <unk> for a fencing match . it , ” said d ’ artagnan . to all that the letter specified ? ” do not think that ! ” of a woman	76.8107681274414
who has made so courageous a resolution ! , a word , on your part , <unk> an effort to escape , and you are to be fired upon . in our power and <unk> us . large glass , which reflected the whole apartment , and so , without any attempt to move , which would have been impossible , he could see all who entered the room and everything which was going on around him . fernand ; “ i shall return to the catalans . ” you have given me confidence ; it is so long since we were separated , that i have not the least remembrance of him , and , besides , you know that in the eyes of the world a	59.23600769042969
large fortune covers all defects . ” <unk> be sent , to the lions the martyr be thrown ! madame , ” said monte cristo ; “ i know no one now of that name . ” d ’ artagnan . to allow myself to be carried away so , ” says she , gazing into the glass , which <unk> back to her eyes the burning glance by which she appears to interrogate herself . ? ” he added , putting his lantern on one of the casks . the <unk> ? ” , taking refuge in vitry ; only a few men remained . sound became more and more distinct . wrote . you i wished for one ? ” replied the count , frowning .	87.78638458251953
<unk> . ” , by jupiter ! indiscretion . ” felt his legs tremble under him . do not keep me starving here any longer , but tell me what they want . ” give up hunting , as i have given up <unk> . the three musketeers ’ s attorney ? said the englishman , with a sigh ; “ you frenchmen are born boon companions . ” found out here , the people of the house , who have not seen me enter it , will take me for a thief . ” always on your guard . the count , astonished at his perseverance , which he could not understand , and looking still more earnestly at maximilian , “ let it begin again ,	82.95479583740234
—it is like the house of the <unk> ; 19 god has condemned them , and they must submit to their punishment . the <unk> , who in turn looked at villefort . act of <unk> his beard , which he had allowed to grow , as well as his hair , in order to reproach mazarin with his wretched appearance and condition . upon circumstances . a greater desire to know the real ones , ” replied the englishman . tremble ; he seated himself upon a log of wood . had placed his stable at d ’ artagnan ’ s service . shut his door carefully , and began to study , like a clever architect , the plan andrea had left him . a desire	115.81494903564453
, in case his death happened during his absence from paris , that his body might be brought to the family vault . some have even loved me ; but i think that god has not pardoned me , for the memory of that execution pursues me constantly and every night i see that woman ’ s ghost rising before me . ” sir . ” is all <unk> , ” said the jesuit , “ and we have not to fear that one portion of the <unk> may have fallen upon stone , another upon the <unk> , or that the birds of heaven have eaten the rest , <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> . ” should wait for felton till ten o ’ clock ; if he	96.4224853515625
did not return by ten o ’ clock she was to sail . was saying , “ listen to the roll call of your judges and address to the court any observations you may have to make . ” side of his master ; and it was to this address that he owed the long and constant favor of a king who has not left the reputation behind him of being very faithful in his <unk> . that they struck eight at half-past six . <unk> demon d ’ artagnan ? ” said porthos , astonished at his friend ’ s deception . ” said felton ; “ i am eager to see you attain your vengeance ! ” ” he said . motion as slowly as a	85.6812515258789
funeral <unk> . from the other side of the <unk> door , and the door reopened . ” continued the young girl in a calm and <unk> tone of voice , “ we will <unk> to circumstances , and be guided by the wishes of our friends , so long as those wishes do not <unk> finally to separate us ; in a word , and i repeat it , because it expresses all i wish to convey , —we will wait . ” first knocking . said anne of austria , pointing to the musketeer , calm , standing uncovered , “ here is monsieur d ’ artagnan , who is as brave as one of those ancient heroes of whom you like so much to hear	79.70460510253906
from my women . ? —where is haydée ? ” issue from the guardroom and come toward us . ” and opened it . louis , i ’ faith , ” said aramis , emptying the purse on the table , all bearing the <unk> of louis xiii . , ” said porthos , turning round upon his chair and twisting his mustache , “ that ’ s a fair bet , i hope . ” the host , quite cheerful again . milady . to <unk> their steps , when , in crossing the <unk> which leads to the gates of the town , upon a white wall which was at the corner of a street turning around the rampart , athos cast his eyes upon a	80.7768783569336
drawing in black <unk> , which represented , with the awkwardness of a first attempt , two cavaliers riding furiously ; one of them carried a roll of paper on which were written these words : “ they are following us . ” i to fear from him ? ” , and as it was drawn by two excellent horses , they were soon at the place royale . and the carriage proceeded . if he can ! the sensations experienced by valentine during the minute and a half madame de villefort remained in the room . joy ; this man was the comte de <unk> <unk> tool of his eminence . drunk ? in repentance ? ” proceeding towards the door . s voice was raised with	105.97909545898438
the cry of “ forward ! ” make <unk> a vow in your presence , to employ all that remains to me in pious works . ” die ? ” noirtier raised his eyes to heaven . to a lady recently come from boulogne . ” mean to allude to the recollections perpetually revived by these three gentlemen . he was going away . she , “ you see he refuses ? ” , then , became a mousetrap ; and whoever appeared there was taken and interrogated by the cardinal ’ s people . you are going to know me . then . ” work you must have needed <unk> you any ? ” ” number , not being able , in the midst of this crowd	104.28858947753906
, to make their horses wheel around , began to give way . . said he , “ men are not equal , and i must beg my father to <unk> this <unk> in the chamber of peers . ” monsieur porthos ; but i will repair that wrong , upon my word of honor . ” hour she was completely out of sight ; at least , it was impossible for the wounded man to see her any longer from the spot where he was . apartments of saint germain . ’ clock , and at nine i expect a visit . cried , “ this time we shall be pursued . and do not be angry at what i am going to say—— ” you shall	64.86124420166016
know . ” such flashes that although he was a man and armed before an unarmed woman , he felt the chill of fear glide through his whole frame . i assure you . ” book was brought to her by the prince de marsillac . of the doors which opened into the queen ’ s apartment appeared the pretty mme . they had scarcely seen each other for a moment at the apartment of the swiss guard , germain , whither d ’ artagnan had sent for her . , monsieur ? ” said planchet . lend you some ? ” waiting for you . ” i was indeed alone , —no noise disturbed the silence but the <unk> , whose piercing cry seemed to be calling	95.7690200805664
up the phantoms of the night . ; from my childhood i have seen too much , and understood too much , of what has passed around me , for misfortune to have an <unk> power over me . arm , i looked around , but all was dark ; and it seemed to me as if the rain must have penetrated through the flooring of the room above , for some kind of moisture appeared to fall , drop by drop , upon my forehead , and when i passed my hand across my brow , i felt that it was wet and <unk> . . ” m. debray , ” she said . our own arms . ” declared the vendetta against me , who had	86.7785415649414
followed me from nîmes to paris , who had hid himself in the garden , who had struck me , had seen me dig the grave , had seen me <unk> the child , —he might become acquainted with your person , <unk> , he might even then have known it . a nubian ? ” asked debray . in the preservation of these two <unk> ! ” horses at either of these races , count ? ” i will tell you all about it . ” failed me ; i drew my sword in my turn , and as he came back to the charge , i fancied i felt that in throwing himself upon me , he let it pass through his body . him <unk>	94.81110382080078
. a cloak , and d ’ artagnan at first believed it was a man ; but by the <unk> of the form , the hesitation of the walk , and the <unk> of the step , he soon discovered that it was a woman . tréville , you must have visited him ? ” wager i can go up into the belfry of the accoules , and without staggering , too ! ” for him directly , dear grandpapa . masks , who strove to snatch each other ’ s torches . , do the same . an expression of deep tenderness , while the count replied with an air of gentle gravity . , ” was his comment . quickly as possible ; my slow and	79.11805725097656
stiff <unk> all attested that the effects of the narcotic were not yet entirely <unk> . ” said milady , in that harmonious voice which , like that of the ancient <unk> , charmed all whom she wished to destroy . be a fool to accept your offer . ’ him ? the marquise de saint-méran , a woman with a stern , forbidding eye , though still noble and distinguished in appearance , despite her fifty <unk> “ ah , these <unk> , who have driven us from those very possessions they afterwards purchased for a mere trifle during the reign of terror , would be compelled to own , were they here , that all true devotion was on our side , since we were content	179.50784301757812
to follow the fortunes of a falling monarch , while they , on the contrary , made their fortune by <unk> the rising sun ; yes , yes , they could not help <unk> that the king , for whom we sacrificed rank , wealth , and station was truly our ‘ louis the <unk> , ’ while their wretched usurper has been , and ever will be , to them their evil genius , their ‘ napoleon the <unk> ’ am i not right , villefort ? ” third person ? ” rue du helder , where albert had invited the count of monte cristo , everything was being prepared on the morning of the 21st of may to do honor to the occasion . ” ”	153.5519561767578
continued the prince , laughing , “ and i appoint you from this moment my interpreter . ” will try , in his turn , to lay hands on us . ” . eminence to the chances of war . ” i know only him . ” dead , but his adversary , who knew he had not struck him , offered him the assistance of his hand to rise . each of these relays your address in paris , the four horses will follow you thither . recipe to planchet . ! ” cried morrel , turning pale , “ what is it ? ” badly <unk> her <unk> . ” puritan to a frightful extent , ” said aramis . , and i am happy to	55.821659088134766
be able now to do more than detest <unk> despise them . ” the cardinal , “ you have heard me ? ” grant me my request ? ” man before , but , if you <unk> to my proposal , you will be adorable . ” majesty the letter in which you tell her that the finances are exhausted . ” ? ” , ” replied athos , “ is in the service ; he is a soldier and <unk> all <unk> authority . am come to look for him ; he is a friend of mine . ” that i should be delighted to order masses for the repose of his soul . ” she said , “ despised the love of a cardinal who never	50.08311462402344
said ‘ i shall do , ’ but , ‘ i have done so and <unk> ’ that man knew of <unk> more secure than rueil , darker and more silent even than the bastile . does that astonish you ? ” so . said the coadjutor , “ i have heard this affair mentioned . , are you not ? ” said lord de winter in his turn , fixing his eyes on those of milady . _ is that you ? ” said porthos to d ’ artagnan . valentine , “ maximilian , come back , i entreat you ! ” , during the evening she <unk> of fate and of herself . milady , with the exultation of a victim who <unk> his judge	69.31714630126953
. in going to mass at notre dame , as she always did on <unk> , was followed by more than two hundred women demanding justice . have just returned from sea . ” that i hate you instinctively ; that it seems as if i had always known you , and always hated you ; and , in short , since the young people of the present day will not fight , it remains for us to do so . , ” said the procurator ’ s wife , groaning , “ that unfortunate outfit ! ” do ; i will wait until the very moment you are married , for i will not lose the shadow of one of those unexpected chances which are sometimes reserved	92.24199676513672
for us , since m. franz may , after all , die before that time , a thunderbolt may fall even on the altar as you approach it , <unk> appears impossible to one condemned to die , and miracles appear quite reasonable when his escape from death is concerned . , close and <unk> , with the walls furnished with arms offensive and defensive , and in which there was already a fire , although it was scarcely the end of the month of september . . ” town . whom they then perceived through the open doorway , formed with eugénie one of the <unk> <unk> of which the germans are so fond . ; i have the true idea . ” <unk> of painted wood	164.8763885498047
and at a short distance from her stands the young girl , leaning against a chair , weeping . casks covered with <unk> plants , and in each of which was breathing a fish similar to those on the table . been <unk> at 4,000 crowns , and as he considered himself of much greater importance than morcerf he fixed his own price at <unk> crowns . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , throwing himself down by the dying man , “ i swear to you that the wine was poisoned and that i was going to drink of it as you did . ” boy , half peasant , half <unk> , came to announce supper . certainly you ! ” he cried . said athos	104.53778076171875
, “ we are satisfied ; we came here only to express our loyalty and to say that we are at your lordship ’ s service and his most faithful servants . ” through all the doors , down all the staircases , by every <unk> , everyone hastened to retire , or rather to fly ; for it was a situation where the ordinary <unk> , —which even the best friends are so eager to offer in great catastrophes , <unk> seen to be utterly <unk> . the stables , already taken a look at the horses and given the necessary orders for the day , whilst athos and aramis were still in bed and porthos snoring . to the count of san-felice , who sent for	112.44176483154297
the little shepherd , made him read and write before him , ordered his attendant to let him eat with the domestics , and to give him two piastres a month . mind , which was confirmed when i saw the procureur lift from under his mantle a box , two feet long , and six or eight inches deep . he <unk> <unk> lovely <unk> least he returns to do that . ” be <unk> by a witness . to leave me at such a time ? ” de condé , who , since the death of his father , henri de <unk> , was called , in accordance with the custom of that period , monsieur le prince , was a young man , not more	108.40001678466797
than twenty-six or <unk> years old , with the eye of an <unk> ’ <unk> <unk> , as dante <unk> nose , long , waving hair , of medium height , well formed , possessed of all the qualities essential to the successful <unk> is to say , the rapid glance , quick decision , fabulous courage . ? ” said the king . leaned out to listen . ! ” said the king to the two gentlemen who were held by d ’ artagnan and porthos . matter ? ” asked planchet . leave him , in order that he might retire to a little property he had inherited near blois ; porthos , the second , to marry an attorney ’ s wife ; and lastly	118.3304214477539
, aramis , the third , to take orders and become an abbé . will . ” matter of royal etiquette this evening , but of the king ’ s safety . shone for a short time , disappeared behind the clouds ; every object was again plunged in the obscurity that is so awful in the deserts and still more so in that liquid desert , the ocean , and nothing was heard save the whistling of the west wind driving along the tops of the <unk> billows . believe something too dreadful . very interesting , ” said debray ; “ if there really has been a crime , we will <unk> it . ” , i believe ? ” said the procurator , <unk> .	107.59957885742188
the cardinal , not turning round , for having whistled , he knew that it was his <unk> who was behind him ; “ what musketeers are now within the palace ? ” the door of the stable . modified and printed and given away—you may do practically anything in the united states with ebooks not protected by u.s. copyright law . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ warn him as i have warned you . ” stranger in the court of m. de tréville ’ s courtiers , and this his first appearance in that place , he was at length noticed , and somebody came and asked him what he wanted . motionless as one of the stone decorations of the building , then	82.03265380859375
after a long sigh of disappointment the head disappeared . <unk> not fear . ” buried at the foot of some gloomy tower , or cast to the bottom of a <unk> by hateful jailers , and i wept ! , and the <unk> of japanese china . 40,000 francs for your share , besides the 100,000 you furnished me to begin with , making in all <unk> francs for your portion . count , ” said albert , “ we shall abuse your kindness . ” is not amiable , i allow , but monsieur du tremblay is considerably worse . ” ” said athos . s room . ” of which i accuse her ; that is the cause for which she was branded . ”	89.79261779785156
her and took her hands ; then she sobbed aloud . so difficult , ” replied d ’ artagnan , springing to the ground . thank god , i am pretty well , ” said mousqueton . , planchet ? tréville , generally held so sacred , became in an instant the <unk> of the antechamber . the excitement of a furious <unk> or of a <unk> shut up in an iron <unk> . , in truth , as coming on the part of the marechal de grammont ; but being wounded in the right arm he was unable to write and therefore the count de guiche acted as his secretary . ” time after the death of louis xiii . him ? ” landing ; he had	57.15338897705078
not the courage to again visit the death chamber . water . ” , passive and obedient , either from true devotion to his master or from the example set by blaisois , mousqueton leaped into the sea <unk> . ” murmured winter , his eyes glazed and he allowed his sword to fall to his side . blacas , i must change your armorial bearings ; i will give you an eagle with outstretched wings , holding in its claws a prey which tries in vain to escape , and bearing this <unk> . ” four of these unfortunate men , covered with dirt and blood , fled along the hollow way , and at length regained the city . resumed mousqueton , “ stay near monsieur	227.4760284423828
le comte d ’ artagnan and pay him every attention in your power whilst i go to prepare my lord for his visit . ” ” ! ” exclaimed mordaunt , “ thank you ; my life is always at your service , and should i lose it i should still owe you something ; thank you ; you have indeed repaid me <unk> for my services . ” sure i have the right man . ” ? ” asked planchet . of mme . cried monte <unk> “ precisely so ; and this is what i said to my worthy adelmonte . a cardinalist , then , monsieur , are you ? ” cried she ; “ and you serve the party of those who <unk> your	63.31252670288086
wife and insult your queen ? ” of the door-keepers brought in a letter for the president . prison rules , and prisoners must not even ask for it . ” ? ” said d ’ artagnan . , porthos ? continued athos . not to be listening , heard however , every word that was said . height of joy . he pointed his gun at d ’ artagnan , who was riding toward him at full speed . m. morrel , ” said he , again turning his quid , “ as for that—— ” . fellow ! ; you will do as much when the opportunity occurs , will you , raoul ? ” ? , waking up one morning without queen or king ,	77.77305603027344
surrounded , besieged , <unk> for its sole resource its stupid parliament and their coadjutor with crooked limbs ! ” ! ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ don ’ t you see they are aiming ? ” her mind , —that someone existed in the world who had attempted to assassinate her , and who was about to endeavor to do so again . monte cristo , “ you will see him return to you gay , smiling , and joyful . ” is . ” to restrain him . , “ a charming woman , who entertained kind views toward our friend d ’ artagnan , who , on his part , has given her some offense for which she tried to revenge herself a month	90.50770568847656
ago by having him killed by two musket shots , a week ago by trying to poison him , and yesterday by demanding his head of the cardinal . ” <unk> have dared to tell <unk> <unk> ‘ repent and die ! ’ but no , she must not die ; she shall live , and with me . here till seven . ” queen and a wife , and it is impossible to thank and love her sufficiently . the man who deserves being regretted during the whole life of another man ; but leave us , i pray you . ” i was cruelly bored , as you say , and as i had the seventy-five pistoles in my pocket which you had distributed to me	135.09584045410156
, in order to amuse myself i invited a gentleman who was traveling this way to walk up , and proposed a cast of dice . <unk> <unk> ; the door was opened , and the young men , eagerly alighting , found themselves opposite a _cicerone_ , who appeared to have sprung up from the ground , so unexpected was his appearance . said m. d ’ avrigny . d ’ artagnan ; “ i , too , am going . ” what an idea ! that this property now belongs to some one who bears his name . wrote ! ” uttered to his friend , on the following morning , contained a request that franz would accompany him on a visit to the count ;	95.57937622070312
true , the young man had warmly and <unk> thanked the count on the previous evening ; but services such as he had rendered could never be too often acknowledged . you have the pen of a secretary of state . for obtaining a copy of or access to a project gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement , you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.e.8 . any one should dare to address him . nothing but show them your fist ; and the more respectable your fist is , porthos , the less attractive it is . death ! ” said she	145.75830078125
, lowering her voice and her eyelids , “ oh , death , rather than shame ! say ? ” asked porthos , in a <unk> tone . believed that he had to do with some judge examining his papers ; but he perceived that the man at the desk wrote , or rather <unk> , lines of <unk> length , <unk> the words on his fingers . hard , ” added she , “ that a man upon whose affection i thought i might depend , <unk> me thus <unk> and will not comply with any of my fancies . ” and inquiring glance which could only be interpreted by monte cristo , around the courtyard , over the <unk> , and across the front of the	81.01534271240234
house , then , repressing a slight emotion , which must have been seen on her countenance if she had not kept her color , she ascended the steps , saying to morrel : have to tell me is worth the trouble , or else , i warn you , i will not pardon you for making me come here instead of getting a little rest after a night spent in taking and <unk> a bastion . in spite of the presence of the pilot , until this manœuvre was completed , and then he added , “ <unk> the colors , and square the yards ! ” , the young man in a black coat , looking at <unk> ’ s ‘ <unk> ’ ; now he	101.45773315429688
is turning . ” should like to smoke . ” her friends ; nothing more moral . they were taking the dainty animal from the spit , they saw edmond springing with the boldness of a <unk> from rock to rock , and they fired the signal agreed upon . but a younger son of a simple gascon family , like me , madame ; he occupied that post for twenty years . ” rather <unk> up , the hole dantès had made ; it was necessary , therefore , to dig above or under it . to see the downfall of your honor ’ s enemies , and he was not among the least of them . ” murmured mazarin , in a low tone , “	115.29325866699219
but as thy life is not mine i suppose i must buy it , must i not ? ” and sighing deeply he began to turn the hoop of his ring outside again . lots for the swords , but the president said it was he who had given the provocation , and when he had given it he had supposed each would use his own arms . the monk . before her . cried the other two guardsmen , “ the judgment of king <unk> ! to the first . ” said the duke , and as he spoke , lowered the cane almost level with the ground ; “ pistache , my friend , jump for the ‘ illustrious coxcomb , mazarin de <unk> . ’	123.32106018066406
” felton ; “ you see plainly that i listen , and that i am anxious to know the end . ” are more than mortal , will , i am sure , lead me to death by a pleasant path , will you not ? ” ” added d ’ artagnan , “ that whenever i catch him i will kill him , this mordaunt . ” , and read it with the greatest attention ; then , when he had arrived at the end of it , he read it a second time . ! ” , ali , and baptistin will go . ” artagnan ’ s face ; he frowned and his cheeks were colored . in black and with a gravity that <unk>	50.681331634521484
ill , entered , bowed to the king , and <unk> a parchment , read the sentence , as is usually done to criminals before their execution . which led to the boat . profound silence , and laid rita at the captain ’ s feet . pay for my hat , letter you had ? ” enough at the catalans , but napoleon returned , a special <unk> was made , and fernand was compelled to join . her ? ” <unk> le <unk> <unk> <unk> non <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> il <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> di <unk> . give you a letter of introduction to him . ’ monk . the indictment was ended . natural a manner that d ’ artagnan was	119.198974609375
shaken in his conviction . defeat , and d ’ artagnan remained master of the field of battle . perfectly , then . raoul ? ” said athos , pressing his hand . you . ” porthos , “ ’ tis astonishing how empty violent agitation makes the stomach . ” seeing the enemy ready to surrender , <unk> toward him with a cry of victory , she rose , beautiful as an antique <unk> , inspired like a christian virgin , her arms extended , her throat uncovered , her hair disheveled , holding with one hand her robe modestly drawn over her breast , her look illumined by that fire which had already created such disorder in the veins of the young puritan , and went	138.473876953125
toward him , crying out with a <unk> air , and in her melodious voice , to which on this occasion she communicated a terrible energy : your arms ; give three to your wife , and you will still have four ; that is one more than m. de guise had , who so nearly became king of france , and whose cousin was emperor of <unk> . ” one and a half ; will you have <unk> per cent , or even more ? the first demonstration i make in favor of <unk> ali , the sultan send me the <unk> , and make my secretaries strangle me . ” and mordaunt had really acted as he had related . the captain , “ we can	128.22511291503906
agree very well , if you are reasonable . ” andrea . he bolted them both . ? ” said monte cristo , “ this is not all . ” monte cristo ; “ i have had little to do with it , for i am at <unk> both with the father-in-law and the young man ; there is only mademoiselle eugénie , who appears but little charmed with the thoughts of matrimony , and who , seeing how little i was disposed to persuade her to renounce her dear liberty , retains any affection for me . ” sale ready ? ” one reason to be satisfied . tell me all <unk> ? ” inquired the brigand chief , turning towards his men , who all retreated	78.13179016113281
before his look . , they are falling into their appointed order ; and when , again , our attention is directed to them , we are surprised at the progress they have made towards the proposed end . the letter ? ” least in the world , madame ! said the maid , “ retired to her apartment with mademoiselle d ’ armilly ; they then took tea together , after which they desired me to leave , saying that they needed me no longer . ” monte cristo , “ it is just as i thought ; it was politics which brought noirtier and m. d ’ épinay into personal contact . looking for porthos , porthos would have stationed himself in one of the finest	96.88557434082031
<unk> and we could easily have traced him . desired that the letter should be given to him , madame , he would have demanded it of you himself . in the morning the doctor arrived ; but since the time milady stabbed herself , however short , the wound had closed . extraordinary man , ” said danglars ; “ and philosophers may well say it is a fine thing to be rich . ” notwithstanding the tone of anguish in which it was uttered , the door remained closed . prefer complete <unk> ; but tell me how you made his acquaintance ? accounts . ? ” heavy as a world , which i had raised , and i had thought to bear to the end	87.06614685058594
, was too great for my strength , and i was compelled to lay it down in the middle of my career . we are enveloped in a network of spies . cried danglars , with a confidence and security proceeding less from fear than from the interest he really felt for the young man , “ i solemnly declare to you , that i should never have thought of writing to yanina , did i know anything of ali pasha ’ s misfortunes . ” <unk> affection for the prisoner , their promises of mutual fidelity , and how every night , since he had been near , they had met in some neighboring ruins . ” said monte cristo ; “ and i have <unk> ”	97.93559265136719
these words were uttered in a tone which made morrel shudder . he could not detach his eyes from that disordered bed , and the pale corpse of the young girl who was lying on it . our turn to think of these things ? sometimes renders us unconscious to the things of earth . shall be at your house by ten o ’ clock tomorrow morning , my dear count , ” replied danglars . and her tears only <unk> her ; the lady appears to be about forty years of age , the girl about fourteen . he would like to have one of his three estates erected into a barony . ” in our woods chained to trees , ’ said i ; ‘ confess	137.64190673828125
how you obtained this <unk> ’ benedetto maintained the truth of what he had said , and accompanied it with details that did more honor to his imagination than to his <unk> . to do otherwise . ” in her eyes and every mark of affection of a true mother , approached valentine and took her hand . leave the count ’ s house , and you take your mother to your home ; but reflect , albert , you owe her more than your poor noble heart can pay her . of athos would render him more open to conviction than a less able man would be . best . ” by passing his arm round her waist ; but as he felt by her weight she	153.43441772460938
was on the point of fainting , he made haste to reassure her by protestations of devotedness . have , reverend sir ! ” said caderousse , <unk> his arm , all <unk> by the <unk> pincers which had held it ; “ what a wrist ! ” you were going to force that villain particelli upon me . ” replied the jeweller . . ” sent for him , and i then explained to him what i wished to procure . on the chimney-piece , <unk> the last drops of oil which floated on the surface of the water . villefort bear it ? ” artagnan , ” said aramis , “ represents among us the opposition in parliament , which always says no , and always	108.7663803100586
does <unk> . ” to keep the strictest watch . against you ; i tell you . , rising above the ground , and a fourth was also there , yawning for its ghastly tenant . of elba , where i arrived the next day ; i ordered everybody to remain on board , and went on shore alone . ” replied raoul , smiling , “ i am obliged to you , but at this moment i want nothing but the things for which i have <unk> i shall be very glad if the ink prove black and the pen good ; upon these conditions i will pay for the pen the price of the bottle , and for the ink the price of the pie .	96.63864135742188
” nothing which concerns me . not devoid of admiration . seem , made good use of his money , for he was newly clad . as well worth loving and <unk> as m. noirtier , ” said madame de villefort ; “ besides , they are to come to paris in about a month , and valentine , after the affront she has received , need not consider it necessary to continue to bury herself alive by being shut up with m. noirtier . ” business of a tailor ? ” matters not , provided only that he has received from holy church the power of <unk> in <unk> <unk> . ” among the crew who had any feeling of ill-will towards me . ” cried morcerf	133.4910430908203
, “ you are at <unk> , one of the most formidable <unk> i <unk> you must see it clearly proved that instead of being an <unk> , you are a <unk> . ten millions on his signature . you loved me , and since that day my hope of future happiness has rested on obtaining you , for to gain you would be life to me . ; drink to his health , ” he added , filling caderousse ’ s glass , “ and do not interfere with us . ” the count of monte cristo entered . that , by traces of smoke , others had before him attempted the same thing , and , like him , in vain . <unk> , and the	88.98163604736328
others escaped ; de <unk> was inclined to do likewise , but i told him they wouldn ’ t look for us where we were . the night in the king ’ s room ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . any event , ” said the countess . a clever fellow , ” murmured athos . away and directed the coachman to stop at the hotel de luynes . me , gentlemen . ” valentine , “ you may approve again , for grandpapa is again thinking of it . ” call me . ” ” said kitty , clapping her hands , “ very willing . ” confirmed ; the road by which the carriage had disappeared encircled the forest . ” said she . like	57.99639892578125
him , my dear <unk> , ” said scarron . crowd a moment ’ s hesitation , which looked like shame . may face everything . the guards . by the four young fellows , directed his course toward the louvre ; but to the great astonishment of the captain of the musketeers , he was informed that the king had gone <unk> hunting in the forest of st. germain . man , who is dragging his way to the tomb , are two children just entering into <unk> , the daughter by my first <unk> renée de <unk> edward , the boy whose life you have this day saved . ” bag three hundred pistoles . exclamation appears quite <unk> and affected . an adjoining room ,	115.11357116699219
had shared in the sensation caused by the arrival of monte cristo , and now came forward to pay his respects to the count . only woman he could have loved was mme . , what is it ? to drink ; i give you my word . ” d ’ artagnan , “ all this will be only necessary till after tomorrow evening , for when once with the army , we shall have , i hope , only men to dread . ” day to let him have a companion , were it even the mad abbé . witty , somewhat <unk> , as the <unk> <unk> say , and <unk> that is happiness , <unk> do you call me unhappy ? ” by accident ,	75.73908233642578
and , although barrois is dead , it was noirtier whose death was wished for . ” chibouque , drew the lasso from his pocket , threw it so skilfully as to catch the <unk> of the near horse in its triple fold , and suffered himself to be dragged on for a few steps by the violence of the shock , then the animal fell over on the <unk> , which snapped , and therefore prevented the other horse from pursuing its way . cardinal . ” mazarin , whom that single word always inspired with a great respect . have often thought with a bitter joy that these riches , which would make the wealth of a dozen families , will be forever lost to those	164.83975219726562
men who <unk> me . count , we are talking as much of women as they do of us ; it is unpardonable . ” ? ” <unk> you wish me to speak to him ? ” said mazarin , who was anxious to make a friend about cromwell ’ s person . madame de villefort expressed a desire to return to paris , which madame danglars had not dared to do , notwithstanding the uneasiness she experienced . day had been long and wearing ; it was a cold day , the <unk> of october , there was no inn or chateau in the village and the <unk> of the peasants were poor and <unk> . ” the abbé asked one day of dantès . of which	69.2764663696289
she might not have been believed capable . who constantly defended the unfortunate boy , good advice , and as she confessed that she had several times missed money to a considerable amount , i showed her a safe place in which to conceal our little treasure for the future . <unk> ! , but when a chief presents himself he rarely has to wait long for a band of followers . as it may , the young man made a tunnel , how or by what means no one knows ; but he made it , and there is the evidence yet remaining of his work . , yes , you are right , ” athos replied ; “ but then there must be some occasion for	159.0277099609375
speaking . ” ’ s servant back to béthune , whom , as i told you , we can trust . . perfectly <unk> a complexion ! to lose , for a second lost will perhaps save them . ! ” he said , “ take <unk> it , and send for something <unk> ” and he emptied his pockets on the table , the contents consisting of a dozen gold pieces , five or six <unk> pieces , and some smaller coin . which recalled frightful remembrances , hung down her head with a <unk> groan . little inlaid casket which stood upon the dressing table , opened it with a feverish and trembling hand , drew from it a small poniard , with a golden <unk>	109.3682632446289
and a sharp thin blade , and then threw herself with a bound upon d ’ artagnan . and get me some syrup of violets . ” killed monsieur de marsillac if he had come alone to attack you , instead of at the head of twenty men ? ” up your mind to go and get it , or i swear you shall die by my hand . ” . ” all that i have heard really true ? ” she inquired . same <unk> as milady , thinking that as his sister-in-law employed them they must be the best . <unk> ; d ’ artagnan ate in silence , <unk> in his mind the most <unk> plans . speak of , ” said villefort abruptly ,	84.25061798095703
“ is a great criminal , and i can do nothing for him , <unk> ” mercédès burst into tears , and , as villefort strove to pass her , again addressed him . exacting , it seems to me . , as if made by a huge <unk> , a powerful <unk> , or some iron instrument attacking the stones . in a humor for it ; and i would hold out before an army if we had taken the precaution to bring a dozen more bottles of wine . ” returning to paris , why this fugitive rendezvous , why this simple exchange of a glance , why this lost kiss ? through the window as you mount your horse ; i shall follow you with	127.94940948486328
my eyes as long as you are in sight ; then i shall place myself at the cardinal ’ s door—a door with glass windows . and <unk> , swearing , cursing , and <unk> the cardinal and his guards to all the devils . <unk> , who are dead ; and when he was alone in the world , i tried by absolute devotion to his will , to make up to him all he had done for me during ten years of <unk> kindness . whom i love . the noise of preparation , <unk> that at the depth where he lay would have been <unk> to any but the ear of a prisoner , who could hear the <unk> of the drop of water that	89.41168212890625
every hour fell from the roof of his dungeon . reading , as if trying to guess its contents , or perhaps while making up his mind how to act , whatever it might contain . , either for his address or for his sensibility , whichever it might be termed . had brought dantès back to the circular rock . s clothes <unk> therefore keep a servant ; i have none , and am obliged to prepare my own <unk> . . of him . ” protector , the steward , that she and he might be present amongst the servants of the house . he to himself , while the lamp and the wax lights were nearly burnt out , and the servants were waiting impatiently	146.05224609375
in the anteroom ; “ what ? said parry , mounting the scaffold and standing beside them , “ would you work a little more quietly ? saint denis , athos looked at raoul ’ s way of riding and observed : ” said he . mercédès with a supplicating glance , “ there is a beautiful arabian custom , which makes eternal friends of those who have together eaten bread and salt under the same roof . ” and d ’ artagnan found himself again in complete obscurity . his oath gave him strength to proceed . to the sergeant had been heard by d ’ artagnan , who accordingly , by an expressive glance , warned athos and aramis to exercise extreme caution . , <unk>	129.78521728515625
, st. augustine , and <unk> , have made , in <unk> and prose , the comparison you have made , and yet i can well understand that a father ’ s sufferings may effect great changes in the mind of a son . first found an idea , and had thought of it earnestly afterward , he was the first to act . i believe , to be guided in the adventurous career you have undertaken ; for , if i mistake not , you came to paris with the ambitious idea of making your fortune . ” vampa took the dead animal on his shoulders , and carried him to the farm . the abbess , and went to bed , softly rocked by the ideas	130.4549560546875
of vengeance which the name of kitty had naturally brought to her thoughts . the king entered the hall , surrounded by guards , but wearing his head covered , and with a calm expression turned to every side with a look of complete assurance , as if he were there to preside at an assembly of submissive subjects , rather than to meet the accusations of a rebel court . any chance lose sight of him , i presume ? ” of henry iv . eminence with greatest attention , ” replied a female voice which made the musketeer start . , porthos , but for one thing , which may change the current of your ideas ; and that is , that it is not those	118.71331787109375
gentlemen who are in the greatest danger , it is ourselves ; it is not to abandon them that we have separated , but to avoid compromising them . ” as they went , full of soldiers and courtiers . a temporary shelter , and scarcely had he availed himself of it when the tempest burst forth in all its fury . enemy of our holy faith ? ” said she , hesitatingly . who are you ? ” asked the englishman . you are inclined to utter such <unk> , ” interrupted aramis . ; i restrain myself . put his hand on the <unk> of his uncle ’ s <unk> . aramis , “ if they dare to condemn their king , it can only be	81.99420928955078
to exile or imprisonment . ” let us return to the camp . ” la ramee ; and one by one he sent away the guards , on various <unk> . such as <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , hung against the wall ; this was all the furniture . wisdom of the queen and that of her <unk> to suppose that they will leave the capital long in trouble that may lead to a revolution . ” the concierge informed your excellency , to m. de saint-méran , villefort ’ s father-in-law . m. noirtier ’ s grandchild as valentine , and yet , if she had not been going to marry m. franz , m. noirtier would have left her all his money ; and supposing	88.1104736328125
valentine to be <unk> by her grandfather , she will still be three times richer than he . ” ” said albert , “ if you think my apology sufficient , pray give me your hand . edmond , “ to think that in half an hour i could join her , did i not fear being questioned , detected , and conveyed back to marseilles ! and never shall i forget it , ” returned peppino , with an accent of profound gratitude . and he put his hand on his sword . light . ” as we used to be ; let us be open with each other . that man has other projects . can never forget the pale complexion and black eyes of the	85.10674285888672
young soldier , and whenever the angel of death summons me to another world , i am quite sure i shall recognize selim . ! the way to let the mercer pass . them ? ” said athos , himself trembling as the lion trembles at the sight of the <unk> “ my turn . of the trench which was to serve them as a rampart , one of the guardsmen fell . greatest tenderness . do without instruments to discover his treasure , without arms to defend himself ? am i not right , m. de villefort ? ” asked monte cristo . monsieur , it is not with you that i have anything to do ; it is with madame . ” . de beaufort by	75.324462890625
his white plume of <unk> feathers . ” him . said she , as she placed his <unk> on his shoulders , “ be careful of yourself , for if you are killed , i shall be alone in the <unk> ” these words carried a ray of hope into fernand ’ s heart . <unk> is the poisoner ! usual post or whether it was by accident , monsieur bernouin was found standing behind the door and must have heard all that had passed . ” of aramis . days , after having made a splendid dinner , he reckoned his accounts , and found that he had only 50,000 francs left . we speak pursued valentine even in her sleep , or rather in that state	96.1476058959961
of <unk> which succeeded her waking hours ; it was then , in the silence of night , in the dim light shed from the <unk> lamp on the chimney-piece , that she saw the shadows pass and <unk> which <unk> over the bed of sickness , and fan the fever with their trembling wings . else than that , i imagine , ” muttered d ’ artagnan , shaking his head doubtfully . ” cried the king , “ what can i say to you ? friends agree . ” present possession of the letter . crossed a grand saloon , entered a library , and found himself in the presence of a man seated at a desk and writing . , is <unk> , but you	83.50904083251953
have only to search for yourself and you will find , alas , but too many objects upon whom to exercise your benevolence . ” , ” he repeated ; “ i placed it in the chest , which was to take the place of a coffin ; i descended to the garden , i dug a hole , and then flung it down in haste . by the coadjutor , who is led by madame de <unk> . ” order and for the good of the state that the bearer of this has done what he has done . ” asked the abbé . how long a time ! —he had refrained from talking of the treasure , which had brought upon the abbé the accusation of	88.22630310058594
madness . gown , his head enveloped in a sort of round flat cap , not much unlike a <unk> , was seated before an oblong table , covered with rolls of paper and enormous volumes in folio . , and seemed again to experience all the sensations he had felt when the coarse canvas , yet moist with the cold dews of death , had touched his face . excited in the chase ; first it flies , then <unk> , and at last , by the very force of <unk> , sometimes <unk> in <unk> its <unk> . this , <unk> of this , ” he cried ; “ let me save the <unk> ” on entering his house , he met morrel , who wandered	190.7349090576172
about like a ghost awaiting the heavenly mandate for return to the tomb . dead , and all the wretched family will be grateful to you . ” carried out the grave-diggers should discover that they were bearing a live instead of a dead body , dantès did not intend to give them time to recognize him , but with a sudden cut of the knife , he meant to open the sack from top to bottom , and , <unk> by their alarm , escape ; if they tried to catch him , he would use his knife to better purpose . the prince , to whom it was of little importance whom he married , so long as he married some one . , after five	144.06875610351562
years in prison ? are robbers , ’ said la carconte . ” replied athos . will be immediately saddled . ” but lower than before ; he was even paler than mercédès . , lubin did not know me , and told me our adventure from one end to the other . ” nervous , perhaps , but , upon the whole , he appeared tolerable . the baroness , who , descending , took it with a peculiarity of manner imperceptible to everyone but monte cristo . to the gate ; you would have believed yourself about to meet friends ; you would have been abducted , and conducted back to paris . ” , an eye on the watch , observing the movements of the	91.58187103271484
enemy and taking advantage of the accidents of the ground , d ’ artagnan succeeded in reaching the second soldier . side of the grave , and said the prayers of the dead . xlv . young friend , you will act rightly , ” said the gentleman , pressing the gascon ’ s hand with an affection almost paternal ; “ and god grant that this woman , who has scarcely entered into your life , may not leave a terrible trace in it ! ” and athos bowed to d ’ artagnan like a man who wishes it understood that he would not be sorry to be left alone with his thoughts . i can not make three copies of that letter , because it is	68.6672134399414
sealed . am curious to know two things . ” them . ” peppino . a prince of the church ! , marquis , but have you any landed property ? ” ’ artagnan went upstairs , leaving his host a little better satisfied with respect to two things in which he appeared to be very much <unk> debt and his life . with fantastic beings ; silent shadows were seen <unk> the streets and others dragging and <unk> great <unk> , whilst others again dug <unk> large enough to <unk> whole regiments of horsemen . ? ” said porthos . hours , and when he was near being <unk> st. simon was already putting his <unk> to his mouth to sound the <unk> , all the pack	182.15896606445312
takes the wrong scent and sets off after a <unk> . supporting himself on a curiously carved stick , his aged countenance lit up with happiness , looking for all the world like one of the aged <unk> of <unk> , <unk> the newly opened gardens of the luxembourg and tuileries . placed his hand upon his heart , which was breaking , and at once perceived all the treachery . from its rapidity , of which morcerf had formed no previous idea . mazarin , who was in great confusion , to the astonished gaze of aramis . ” hung upon the arm of porthos , and in the violence of her grief she cried out , “ monsieur porthos , i am ignorant of all such	150.57919311523438
matters ! profited by the moment . grant it ? ” one of those diabolical smiles which used formerly to make d ’ artagnan shudder , but d ’ artagnan could now see it without alarm , and smiling in his turn , with an expression of melancholy which the recollections called up by that smile could , perhaps , alone give to his countenance , he said : i commend his eminence to your care . ” , and formed round the <unk> and lanterns of the jetty a circle like that which surrounds the moon when the weather threatens to become <unk> . , ” said he to planchet , when the latter added the portmanteau to the equipment . march , and at the end	115.57552337646484
of two hours perceived a considerable body of horsemen about half a league ahead . and as many musketeers and ran to the carriage , from which he made the people inside dismount , and brought them to the vehicle which had upset . , where he will wait until i write to him to return to paris . ” group of two men and three horses appeared in the shade . we are not its objects ? ” cried for help ; but her cries were soon stifled . case , ” observed monte cristo . ’ weight less upon my chest . orleans and to condé were suggested . , that from that moment he shut himself in his house , and never went out <unk>	133.5792999267578
, seeking me high and low . ” replied the king . lad , ” said la ramee , “ and hear what i have to say . ” i count on you . ” know . ” and opening the door exclaimed in a voice choked with sobs : we are opposite the hôtel d ’ <unk> , which is full of the cardinal ’ s creatures ? night , so devil take me if i know where i am . ” a friendly sign to him with his head , dismounted , and throwing his bridle to a lackey who was passing , he approached the valet-de-chambre with a smile on his lips . where we are , dear friends , knowing your brotherly affection and	62.28050994873047
that you would come and die with us were we to reveal it . ” yanina ? ” said he . be an assassin . ; employ it , and you will find that you derive advantage therein . ” it . ” unhappy mistake chance for providence . replied felton ; “ he will not sail . ” , ” said athos . with an air that seemed to say , “ your friend is decidedly mad . ” ” said aramis . bills at ninety days only , and none of the banks would give him credit . her part in the conversation and added : he to the priest , “ i shall keep this cross in my hand till the last moment . to	65.19544982910156
be driven ? ” three millions for our police ; it is true they are almost always spent beforehand , but , no matter , we shall still have fifty thousand francs to spend for this purpose . ” files . said d ’ artagnan to himself . whose <unk> nature received and betrayed each fresh impression . the young man , “ you know how gladly i would obey your wish , but an urgent and important affair <unk> me to leave you for the whole evening . ” and read : , —at a small port , near <unk> , in the gulf of juan . ” who was not quite dead , and at the sound of my footsteps and the creaking of the floor	80.58674621582031
, he opened his eyes , fixed them on me with an anxious and inquiring gaze , moved his lips as though trying to speak , then , overcome by the effort , fell back and expired . do but to put the address to this letter . ” , and porthos from time to time pulled a hair or two from his mustache , in sign of despair . to be searching a wounded or dead man . ” d ’ artagnan , ” he said , “ prepare to set off for saint germain and take a letter from me to the queen . ” not enough to answer ‘ yes ’ or ‘ no ’ to questions which concern the honor , the social interest	95.25782775878906
, and the life of such a man as <unk> the count of morcerf , peer of france . ” cuirass fell upon aramis and struck a blow that aramis <unk> with his wonted skill . porthos , raising himself in his bed ; “ what does she say ? ” ? ” cried the king , whose face was lighted up , in spite of himself , by a flash of joy . twenty more shots were fired , and the flame , rushing up like fire from the <unk> of a volcano , soon reached the tapestry , which it quickly devoured . come here ? ” the smile which was so peculiar to him , and which in its numerous <unk> served to express every	79.0905990600586
varied emotion of his mind . be assured . ; he said you had engaged to pay seventy pounds if i landed you safe and sound at boulogne or any other port you choose in france . ” what he called his history , but which consisted only of the account of a voyage to india , and two or three voyages to the <unk> , until he arrived at the recital of his last <unk> , with the death of captain leclere , and the receipt of a packet to be delivered by himself to the grand marshal ; his interview with that personage , and his receiving , in place of the packet brought , a letter addressed to a monsieur <unk> arrival at marseilles ,	186.05799865722656
and interview with his <unk> affection for mercédès , and their <unk> <unk> arrest and <unk> examination , his temporary <unk> at the palais de justice , and his final imprisonment in the château d ’ if . last folly to be committed , ” said athos , “ seeing it is the only one for which there is no remedy . ” you as a pattern for your conduct , not being , as you are , a paid servant , but a mere <unk> dog , who , should he fail in his duty towards me , i should not discharge from my service , but kill . ” and in saving your life he was but <unk> his duty to me . ” good ,	88.947021484375
” said château-renaud . debray ; “ he scarcely knew mademoiselle de villefort ; you said so yourself . ” for the figure of a man was distinctly visible to franz , gradually emerging from the staircase opposite , upon which the moon was at that moment pouring a full tide of silvery brightness . last time ; but death checked his thought , which remained engraved on his brow like a last kiss of love . madame ; at least , i hope not . being able to extricate himself from his position , provided he were not <unk> at the <unk> sum of 5,050,000 francs , he stretched himself on his bed , and after turning over two or three times , fell asleep with the	131.1917266845703
tranquillity of the hero whose life luigi vampa was studying . said the queen , addressing d ’ artagnan , “ what is to be done ? ” said albert , turning to franz , “ here is an admirable adventure ; we will fill our carriage with pistols , blunderbusses , and double-barrelled guns . gutenberg ebook the count of monte cristo , illustrated *** the doors of the house . chatillon as almost to touch him . to encounter the jokes of the dragoon and the swiss . , added to the angry tone in which the count spoke , ali turned pale and held down his head . lord ? electronically , the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you	97.16626739501953
a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund . ” continued caderousse , “ he owns a magnificent <unk> . his blood . ” as i was older than fernand , and had just married my poor wife , i was only sent to the coast . it proceeded only from <unk> and a desire to see the king and queen , anne looked at d ’ artagnan anxiously . my lord , never to part with it , ” replied athos . asked valentine . forthwith to the bottom of the sea ; and if you come another fathom nearer , i ’ ll <unk> your wicked head in with this <unk> . ” same thing does not happen to you in	92.00881958007812
selling the diamond you feared with the gold . ” standing , but at a motion from the queen they seated themselves . cavaliers appear to you to be ? ” , if you promise me still to hope ; and if you grant me the care of your future prospects , you will <unk> my strength . the king taken prisoner ? by the first of march , and on the second i give my real marriage feast . ” <unk> influence of a young wife and a daughter by his first marriage , scarcely eighteen , was still one of the <unk> paris salons where the worship of <unk> customs and the <unk> of rigid etiquette were carefully maintained . caderousse , crossing himself . ,	132.90684509277344
i see . ” jest , but his hair stood erect on his head . jacopo with an entirely new vessel , accompanying the gift by a donation of one hundred piastres , that he might provide himself with a suitable crew and other <unk> for his outfit , upon condition that he would go at once to marseilles for the purpose of inquiring after an old man named louis dantès , residing in the allées de meilhan , and also a young woman called mercédès , an inhabitant of the catalan village . modern school of painting . ” ” continued the king . , then , and come to me first . ” am about to set off with aramis on important business . repeated .	138.49461364746094
” continued the executioner , without opening his eyes , as if he feared on opening them to see some frightful object , “ it is especially when night comes on and when i have to cross a river , that this terror which i have been unable to conquer comes upon me ; it then seems as if my hand grew heavy , as if the <unk> was still in its grasp , as if the water had the color of blood , and all the voices of <unk> whispering of the trees , the murmur of the wind , the <unk> of the <unk> in a voice <unk> , despairing , terrible , crying to me , ‘ place for the justice of god ! ’	107.0853271484375
” one thing wanting in order to complete your happiness ? ” in a small <unk> , ready to obey the summons of a small golden bell , or to receive the orders of the romaic slave , who knew just enough french to be able to transmit her mistress ’ s wishes to the three other <unk> ; the latter had received most <unk> instructions from monte cristo to treat haydée with all the deference they would observe to a queen . no longer pure , but thick and mephitic , —he was in prison . threatened ( certain consciences are never calm ) , <unk> even before his guests showed a countenance of <unk> terror . clock , then , behind the luxembourg . ” one	143.06312561035156
another , and a cloud came over the brows which but lately had been so cheerful . by d ’ artagnan and had arrived in time . all , be a greater scoundrel than you have thought possible . ” will have no need to apply to the police to know where my friends are , but that if you will deign to interrogate the cardinal he can reply without any further inquiry than into his own recollections . ” , ” said morrel . not a large sum , however , ” replied monte cristo , with a tone so sweet and gentle , that it went to maximilian ’ s heart like the voice of a father ; “ but they will not be content with	72.33373260498047
that . stream he stopped the boat , and <unk> his burden over the water cried in a loud voice , “ let the justice of god be done ! ” and he let the corpse drop into the depths of the waters , which closed over it . and stood , hidden by the black drapery , beneath the scaffold . double-barrelled gun , and two more with my pistols , but i was then disarmed , and two were still left ; one seized me by the hair ( that is why i now wear it so short , for no one knows what may happen ) , the other <unk> a <unk> , and i already felt the cold steel on my neck , when	121.28445434570312
this gentleman whom you see here charged them , shot the one who held me by the hair , and <unk> the skull of the other with his sabre . . ” when your appointment as an officer of the legion of honor was announced in the papers , we were all sitting with my grandfather , m. noirtier ; m. danglars was there <unk> recollect m. danglars , do you not , maximilian , the banker , whose horses ran away with my stepmother and little brother , and very nearly killed them ? chamber , the flooring of which creaked beneath her heavy , uncertain tread , as she proceeded towards her armchair , into which she fell as though exhausted . ’ artagnan , “	116.6722183227539
you know you will not be my prisoner very long . ” it . ” , you should have told me this two months ago , it is too late now . look around him and observing the same signs of antipathy between the prisoner and his guardian he smiled in token of his inward satisfaction . from , ” said porthos , “ let us taste it , and if it is good , let us drink it . ” madame , no compassion for your servants who for twenty years have <unk> in obscurity , without betraying in a single sigh the solemn and sacred secrets they have had the honor to share with you ? certain laporte . ” he dreaded the <unk> effect of	91.27225494384766
all that he saw . to franz . who pretend not to understand me , sir ! ” replied the prisoner , with a smile of incredulity . your people who love you and who yet are <unk> , who have no other wish than to bless you , and who , <unk> , i am wrong , your subjects , madame , will never curse you ; say one word to them and all will be <unk> succeed war , joy tears , and happiness to misfortune ! ” . about that ; we have , i think , a private room in the piazza del popolo ; i will have whatever costumes you choose brought to us , and you can dress there . ” speak	114.317138671875
at once ! ” said mazarin “ what is the matter ? ” into master broussel ’ s house , captain , ” replied friquet , in that <unk> way the “ <unk> ” of paris know so well how to assume when necessary . much the better , ” said caderousse . a smile yet more terrible than his anger , “ it is true , then ; you do not deny it ! ” she moved forward . without the full approbation of albert de morcerf . me an <unk> capital idea ! you a happy man , and you have turned out a murderer . ” ” asked the captain . ” you , ” said the major , “ that , fully confiding in	66.01438903808594
the signature of the abbé busoni , i had not provided myself with any other funds ; so that if this resource had failed me , i should have found myself very <unk> situated in paris . ” the matter with your hand , d ’ artagnan ? how far your nerves are calculated to bear you through such a scene . to the cause ? ” the count . well served . rest of tonight and all day tomorrow . else was allowed to be <unk> , might he not also be ? almost suffocated , had sufficient presence of mind to hold his breath , and as his right hand ( prepared as he was for every chance ) held his knife open , he rapidly	131.426025390625
ripped up the sack , <unk> his arm , and then his body ; but in spite of all his efforts to free himself from the shot , he felt it dragging him down still lower . he heard his own name pronounced distinctly . accustomed to their obscurity . milady . to the profit of him who has justice on his side . ” ? ” said he with slight emotion . had a vision of the seven fat <unk> and the seven lean <unk> ? ” not go . satan . ” simple and single line of conduct , and for a man of your intelligence , this plan is as easy as it is necessary ; you must form honorable <unk> , and by that	124.60676574707031
means <unk> the prejudice which may attach to the obscurity of your former life . ” , madame , for the next meeting . anyone in the world , i shall be lost , and perhaps yourself likewise . ” laugh , sir , ” replied the stranger , “ as you may perceive by the expression of my countenance ; but nevertheless i retain the privilege of laughing when i please . ” court , in the form of a <unk> , were the <unk> occupied by mazarin , and at each wing the pavilion ( or smaller building ) , where d ’ artagnan was confined , and that , level with the orangery , where athos was to be . resounded to the touch of	78.84449005126953
mademoiselle d ’ armilly ’ s fingers , and mademoiselle danglars was singing <unk> ’ s <unk> on <unk> . what i believe on that <unk> ” everything , as a skillful <unk> does to whom a new part has been assigned in a line to which he is not accustomed . after time . ” . man ! ” cried the jesuit . i have . to and fro like a <unk> tiger ; with dilated eyes , <unk> as he paced along by the bars of a window looking upon the yard of servant ’ s offices . attention ; i approached and recognized that little kitty whom our friend aramis had placed with her . can be found to describe the days which they occupy	142.128662109375
in descending ? had 3,000 crowns , and we found them . him , ” replied friquet , screaming with all his might , “ that there is a whole regiment of guards coming this way . , a house of mourning , ” said valentine ; “ speak , maximilian , although the cup of sorrow seems already full . ” , making a sign only that it was all so ; and then , when d ’ artagnan had ended , he shook his head with an air that announced nothing good . <unk> ” the night had fully come . do ? ” asked milady . come , ” he said , “ tell him i am from tours . ” a bordeaux vessel ,	90.40090942382812
_la <unk> ; she comes from india also ; but she is not mine . ” aside , ” he said to the masked man . you , my dear friend , ” replied dantès , “ and to you only . apartment quickly ; she there found rochefort ’ s lackey , and gave him his instructions . raoul and the man who accompanied the young gentleman , the color gradually returned to the pale cheeks of the dying man , who opened his eyes , at first entirely bewildered , but who soon fixed his gaze upon the person who had saved him . to be free . ” at greenwich , opposite the isle of dogs , manned by a captain and four men ,	80.1296157836914
who for the sum of fifty pounds <unk> will keep themselves at our disposition three successive nights . mordaunt , whose face was lighted by a savage joy as cromwell spoke : before us , it is perhaps less serious than we at first thought . at the same time by speculations which have succeeded . front of a box immediately opposite , but situated on the third row , was a woman of exquisite beauty , dressed in a greek costume , which evidently , from the ease and grace with which she wore it , was her national attire . terrible to reply that valentine was at a ball ; so he only said that she had gone out with her step-mother , and that she	172.07150268554688
should be fetched . company , wholly <unk> , though . of france have the same chance as the emperor ? ” ” replied danglars , “ he will remain what he is ; and perhaps become even less than he is . ” know i quit the seminary ? ” ” say of it in the world ? ” or monte cristo was more or less guilty ; it was a man who would answer for the offence , whether trifling or serious ; it was a man who would fight , and it was evident danglars would not fight . news of them this evening , to-morrow we must start . ” uttered a groan . , sir ; let me live ! ” bring great	63.60577392578125
catastrophes upon england and france , but misfortune upon you , my lord , for which i should never console myself . doing . ill at ease ; the remains of luxury prevented him from sinking into his actual position . done <unk> and positively . do not take their revenge on you for the sicilian <unk> . ” when the confession terminated . of <unk> or <unk> , mercédès boasted the same bright flashing eyes of jet , and ripe , round , coral lips . name , ” answered julie , looking earnestly at the count , “ than that at the end of his <unk> ‘ sinbad the sailor . ’ ” upon his gold , and yet he had not strength enough ; for	146.6771697998047
an instant he leaned his head in his hands as if to prevent his senses from leaving him , and then rushed <unk> about the rocks of monte cristo , terrifying the wild goats and <unk> the <unk> with his wild cries and gestures ; then he returned , and , still unable to believe the evidence of his senses , rushed into the grotto , and found himself before this mine of gold and jewels . artagnan felt himself tremble to the very marrow of his bones . beauchamp ? ” , ” said porthos ; and he listened toward the quarter indicated by d ’ artagnan . with me ? ” have at least this consolation , that you can say to yourself she has not	92.4953384399414
quit you voluntarily , that if you learn no news of her , it is because all communication with you is <unk> ; while <unk> ” monte cristo , “ the loss of a sum of money becomes almost <unk> with a fortune such as you possess , and to one of your philosophic spirit . ” arranged in a few minutes , for he began reading the letter which caused so much uneasiness in the heart of the baroness , and which ran as follows : the count . but the result justified his opinion . , took three or four steps onwards , and murmured : , you will be free ; you will then assume your proper position in society , for i will not	98.76915740966797
allow my destiny to <unk> yours . was , we must say that the duke of buckingham did not experience an instant of fear . then , mademoiselle , ” said emmanuel . he said , “ who <unk> in the musketeers under feigned names in order not to lower their family names . he , “ it is dreadful thus to hear my condemnation from your own lips . leave her house , ” said the steward . ” hear the story , sir ? ” lord de winter , “ we are going to pay a visit to her majesty the queen of england . ” association of musketeers was composed of four persons . long to tell you , besides , you will hear it	58.52646255493164
all directly and the least word dropped here might ruin all . recommended to you ? ” line when a cry behind him made him start , and the pen fell from his hand . antoine , he turned round to look gaily at the bastille ; but as it was the bastille alone he looked at , he did not observe milady , who , mounted upon a light chestnut horse , designated him with her finger to two ill-looking men who came close up to the ranks to take notice of him . and shall be there as soon as you are . ” , ” said julie , “ at a moment ’ s warning ? that is , at nine o ’ clock in	104.99493408203125
the morning , albert de morcerf , dressed in a black coat buttoned up to his chin , might have been seen walking with a quick and agitated step in the direction of monte cristo ’ s house in the champs-élysées . sir ; nothing can be more agreeable to me ; only do not allow me to be insulted . ” thus pronounced looked at the stranger with astonishment . overspread his countenance , which was not natural to him . have related to me is exceedingly interesting , ” said monte cristo , observing the young man with a gloomy satisfaction ; “ and you have done well to <unk> in everything to the wishes of my friend sinbad ; for your father is indeed here	66.0645523071289
, and is seeking you . ” perhaps think that i am in a great hurry to leave you when i have only just arrived , but—— ” previous evening from the <unk> <unk> to the little church of <unk> maria del popolo , had passed the night , each accompanied by two priests , in a chapel closed by a grating , before which were two sentinels , who were relieved at intervals . upon the ceiling , a table and two benches composed the entire furniture . reflected that a man who had the least intention to betray would not warn first . he , while he did the honors of the supper with much ease and <unk> “ yes , he is a poor devil	139.69749450683594
who is much devoted to me , and does all he can to prove it . confide it to monsieur bonacieux , ” said d ’ artagnan , with <unk> . bed ; silent caresses , <unk> sobs , broken sighs , burning tears , were all that passed in this sad interview , while madame de villefort , leaning on her husband ’ s arm , maintained all outward forms of respect , at least towards the poor widow . ” said the duke . on rapidly , and with night my <unk> increased . sombre reflections by his host , who rushed into the apartment crying out , “ the spaniards ! silent for twenty years , sir . stranger was standing up looking towards the	127.23198699951172
shore , and holding a <unk> in his hand . ! ” said aramis , “ our late adventures have disgusted me with military life . milady , embarrassed , “ why , by the title of friend . ” influence of this happiness from the moment he entered the house , and he remained silent and pensive , forgetting that he was expected to renew the conversation , which had ceased after the first salutations had been exchanged . master stroke , too , i assure you . was near making milady lose her credit with the cardinal , kitty knew nothing about it ; but this time d ’ artagnan was better informed than she was . the doctor , “ can you speak ? ”	78.21670532226562
barrois muttered a few unintelligible words . liberty and we accepted it . the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate . a heap which rolled down . ” said porthos . after him , without adding another word , and returned to his apartments ; and when madame danglars recovered from her <unk> condition , she could almost believe that she had had a disagreeable dream . , ” replied broussel , “ what is this order ? ” and he held out his hand . but this woman is a friend of <unk> ” ” replied the count . if he had cavalcanti ’ s fortune , that might be pardoned . take it ! ” said d ’ artagnan . d ’ artagnan	60.39900588989258
; “ we are under mazarin ’ s orders . ” matter ? ” , la carconte , and find a bag somewhere . ’ has not a lady with him . ” requires money . ” harness , then your horse , then my harness , then my horse , and then i lost again . to allow him even time to reflect on any thought but one . still , ” said porthos bowing to harrison . man , my dear fellow ; he was an annoyance to the cardinal . you are ! ” said the fair , <unk> girl to her <unk> companion . with the evident intention of <unk> the road , but some one having perceived the obstacle had partially turned it	97.25397491455078
aside . the air of a man who says , “ in that case things look ill. ” then he exclaimed , turning to his men : you ? ” mousqueton ? throw out the draft ; their signature is worth five per cent . ” , that corpse belongs to me ! ” monte cristo , “ impossible ! ” box ; that will be the simplest plan . ” <unk> that had been left from his former <unk> , and was beginning to eat the <unk> which covered the floor of his cell . is at work , which is the same as if he were out . ” in his turn ; it appeared as if there were <unk> in milady ’ s soul whose	75.77603912353516
depths were dark and unknown . ” replied d ’ artagnan , straining both at the same time his quick ear and his intelligent glance , “ it is the murmur of the populace in revolution . ” port you make ; i shall be sure to find employment . ” the gun an english <unk> with which i had shivered his highness ’ s <unk> to pieces , the bey yielded , and agreed to forgive the hand and head , but on condition that the poor fellow never again set foot in tunis . nothing , except that the last time he had seen the cardinal , the king , and the queen , the cardinal looked very thoughtful , the king uneasy , and the	94.08799743652344
<unk> of the queen ’ s eyes <unk> that she had been sleepless or <unk> . ” fetch you , monsieur d ’ artagnan . ” ; the unknown would not name anybody , and pretended that it was to the duke alone he would make himself known . severe with the <unk> . and broke it on his knee . without thinking of inquiring the cause of their departure . he would perforate the stranger with whom you left him in dispute ; whereas the stranger , on the contrary , in spite of all his <unk> quickly threw him on his back . pleased ; that was your business . ” he said , “ it is time for you to go to bed ; you	57.27899932861328
will start in the morning for the army of monsieur le prince . the cardinal , and behind d ’ artagnan the door was guarded . , the priest , dismounting , led his steed by the bridle in search of some place to which he could secure him . judge , madame ! ” it was terrible to behold the frightful pallor of that woman , the anguish of her look , the trembling of her whole frame . presence . ” . ” ” said aramis , “ have you not learned by the letter you found on the wretched corpse that she is in a convent ? when he saw a huguenot coming , he felt himself filled with such ardent catholic zeal that he	98.73934936523438
could not understand how , a quarter of an hour before , he had been able to have any doubts upon the superiority of our holy religion . a loud cry of joy , and darted toward the door ; she had recognized the voice of d ’ artagnan . i am expected . ” , ” repeated louis ; “ very well , madame . ” , i shall be happy to show you my picture gallery , composed entirely of works by the ancient <unk> as such . us all on account of this marriage , are you not ? ” ? ” to the cheeks , but they were icy cold and pale ; he felt the stiffened limbs ; he pressed his hand upon	58.47795104980469
the heart , but it no longer beat , —the child was dead . concealed ; my father himself does not know who this president was , and if he knows , he can not tell you ; proper names are not in the dictionary . ” ; the carriage continued to roll on with rapidity ; the officer seemed a statue . contents of a ring which she opened with singular quickness . your wife ! ” then , ” said monte cristo , as he stepped out of the carriage . arrived with his head in the air , and as light at heart as a man who awaits a shower of gold , he found the _soubrette_ under the gateway of the hôtel ; but	95.55982208251953
this time the pretty kitty was not contented with touching him as he passed , she took him gently by the hand . , and which was to serve as a town residence to monte cristo , was situated on the right hand as you ascend the champs-élysées . ” the garden either ; as to the yard , you may do what you please with it ; i should prefer that being altered beyond all recognition . ” d ’ artagnan , “ why don ’ t you give yourself up directly , feet and hands bound , to that wretch ? ’ s , ” replied kitty , all in a tremble . in arranging a little plan , of which we shall hereafter see the	130.06922912597656
execution , and which promised him some agreeable adventure , as might be seen by the smiles which from time to time passed over his countenance , whose <unk> they animated . which weighed several <unk> , have been lifted to this spot , without the aid of many men ? he exclaimed . but you must , in the first place , reveal to the cardinal all you know of your wife ’ s relations with madame de chevreuse . ” any want , thank god , my living is suited to my means . . ” , but she may be french . a low voice . king ’ s musketeers carries a certain respect with it , and even if that were not the case	107.54222869873047
i would engage with four of my men to put to flight a hundred of these <unk> . ” d ’ épinay . ” ” said mazarin , “ you are worth your weight in gold . ” , whereas he never does . ” a little ! the countess to franz , “ go with all <unk> young man ! i left my chateau du vallon near corbeil , and came to my estate , bracieux . ” said the cardinal , “ i don ’ t wish you any ill ; but you must be aware that it is quite trouble enough to defend and recompense our friends . yes ; you are right . attacked by a fever , and died three days afterwards .	69.95040893554688
wish to be enlightened on the subject . ” the more we gain , when we know how to wait . ” ” said the gascon , “ since we shall not die of thirst . concerning the copyright status of any work in any country other than the united states . gentlemen , we would assist you if it were necessary . ” made , which will bring this dreadful tragedy to a close . ? ” he said to the prisoner . from those of the editor of the other paper , <unk> it sometimes , we may say often , <unk> his intimate friend . the little abbé scarron . means myself . ” as the face of an <unk> who finds himself before a	85.52589416503906
well spread table , so la ramee , when receiving his plate of soup from grimaud , presented a type of perfect <unk> . shall make of all the domestic <unk> ’ t you think so ? doubtless be surprised at my reserve , and i assure you it costs me much to act in such a manner towards you ; but , believe me when i say that imperative necessity has imposed the painful task upon me . ” gutenberg literary archive foundation was created to provide a secure and <unk> future for project gutenberg™ and future generations . said villefort , “ arose my affection for your father , my dear m. franz . be upon his guard if the letter should reach him ; and	166.6317138671875
even if it should fall into the hands of the cardinal , we shall not be compromised . the journalist , “ these are questions which it is difficult to answer . ” , opened it , and found valentine stretched out at the bottom of the stairs . , and mousqueton , having closed the door , mounted behind the carriage with many groans . ’ artagnan , the welfare of the state is deposited in your <unk> ” he paused . ? ” said debray ; “ we have only one monthyon prize . ” , and destroyed his theory . ” , the duke , laughing at la ramee for his bad play , offered these men two louis d ’ or to go and	64.53530883789062
drink his health , with their four other comrades . the pleasure of meeting this gentleman at auteuil , at the house of the count of monte cristo , ” replied madame de villefort , turning away with marked coldness of manner . he had finished , with the same calmness that had characterized him during the whole of this remarkable and trying conversation . to carry on the war alone , and to look for no success foreign to himself , but as we look for a fortunate chance . more brutal accusation or <unk> insults <unk> kingly majesty . empty , that it seemed as if it would be impossible ever to fill it again ; still he had patience for another half-hour , which appeared	147.42633056640625
to him like a century . that monsieur de rochefort is—— ” party , did he once mistake one door for another , or commit the smallest error when choosing any particular corridor or staircase to conduct him to a place or suite of rooms he desired to visit . fortify yourself , albert . count , in bringing me back to the place where i have enjoyed so much <unk> . quite alone . ” and monsieur and i will strive our best to forget your absence , ” replied the countess , with the same tone of deep feeling . shook the whole frame of the count , and making a violent effort over himself , he said : “ i have a right to insist	136.78662109375
on your giving me an explanation . and so may your <unk> ” then bowing to the two musketeers with his most gracious smile , he re-entered his closet more calmly , for on the departure of de gondy the <unk> had ceased as though by enchantment . pistoles , that my <unk> sent to me the day before i left bragelonne ; but out of that sum i ought to leave fifty for <unk> young man must live <unk> . said mazarin in his softest voice ; “ i have an order to give you . ” mousqueton , breathing more freely , “ you are only going , then , to make a visit ? ” object ; i stooped to <unk> was the second pistol	116.70816040039062
, which had not gone off , probably from the powder being wet . matter which you regret being unable to attend to is not more important than the <unk> ” me by someone of high rank , under the name of kitty . , i must have some pledge from you which will prove that you think of me ; and that you may not forget me , take this ! ” and she slipped a ring from her finger onto d ’ artagnan ’ s . accordance with paragraph 1.f.3 , a full refund of any money paid for a work or a replacement copy , if a defect in the electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of receipt of the	129.74363708496094
work . then , ” said athos . in a few days . ” looked at her in his turn , and appeared surprised to see that face , just before so beautiful , distorted with passion and almost hideous . table at which he was sitting . that had left in the morning , and the tartan that had just set sail , that edmond fixed his eyes . sir , ” said raoul . references to project gutenberg : ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ my letter of recommendation ! downstairs , sir , ” replied the valet . contrary to his custom , he had admitted mercédès , and the poor girl , in spite of her own grief and despair , endeavored	68.84566497802734
to console him , he said to her , — ‘ be assured , my dear daughter , he is dead ; and instead of expecting him , it is he who is awaiting us ; i am quite happy , for i am the oldest , and of course shall see him first . ’ became dull and indisposed ; his brow was not one of those that long remain clear . are well known in the rue meslay . ” , without approving or <unk> . in black , who <unk> every place and took all the papers . be a true prophet ! ” said d ’ artagnan , laughing . loved d ’ artagnan like a child , and this <unk> and inflexible personage	70.68207550048828
felt the anxiety of a parent for the young man . commenced complaints which athos thought nauseous , porthos <unk> , and aramis ridiculous . his <unk> ” has monsieur de flamarens been telling me ? ” fresh from the <unk> ’ s hands , gray moustaches , a bold eye , a major ’ s uniform , ornamented with three <unk> and five <unk> fact , the thorough bearing of an old <unk> was the appearance of major bartolomeo cavalcanti , that tender father with whom we are already acquainted . in society that i met with mademoiselle or yourself , madame , or this charming little merry boy . bazin , “ aramis was his name of <unk> . ; he is waiting in his carriage	190.94284057617188
at the gate of the garden of the palais royal . ” and fortified town , is well furnished with authorities , gendarmes , and commissaries of police ; they therefore began operations as soon as the telegraphic despatch arrived , and the bell and bottle being the <unk> hotel in the town , they had naturally directed their first inquiries there . , you are charming ; but at the same time you are one of the most mysterious women . ” only recall very bitter remembrances ; then we shall never be masters of three hundred pistoles to redeem it , so that we really should lose two hundred pistoles by the bargain . in league with him . ” noise was heard in the ante-chamber	133.0237579345703
; at the same time the door of the study was burst open and a man , covered with dust , rushed into it , exclaiming : you the other ; i will do my best . ” even my sister , is aware of its existence . . . ” it myself . fifteen feet from it ? ” ” said the duchess . those comrades of the guards of m. dessessart and the company of musketeers of m. de tréville who had been accustomed to <unk> together . done already ? ” what i say she commanded me to show you this diamond , which she thinks you know . ” a shadow to appear among the trees , and awaiting with anxiety the sound of	66.89920043945312
a light step on the gravel walk . , next to the <unk> on the left ? ” the captain . danglars <unk> ” legs , grimaud took a <unk> , tore it into strips and tied la ramee ’ s feet together . he found himself the possessor of a fine house , situated on the boulevard de la madeleine , and an income of 50,000 livres . to me of it , ” replied the shipowner ; “ but if there be any letter he will give it to me . ” as he uttered the word . air of stupefaction , looked at the hostess , who turned pale . to the new jailer , although the latter was , if possible , more taciturn	69.83808898925781
than the old one ; but still , to speak to a man , even though mute , was something . her hair dishevelled , and her lips foaming . we italians have eyes only for the man we love ? ” before eleven o ’ clock your father has not found someone who will come to his aid , he will be compelled at twelve o ’ clock to declare himself a bankrupt . ” the abbé ’ s reception day ; people went there in <unk> . dantès . planchet , “ you must know ; but , perhaps you ought not to <unk> ” husband with an expression which , at any other time , would have indicated a storm , but for the second	91.1749496459961
time she controlled herself . a mission to her majesty , the queen of england . ” to be pitied . call again , but he could only utter a groan , and he shuddered as the blood flowed from his three wounds . and take charge of you on the sea , and to conduct you to this castle . of his countenance that the trigger was about to be pulled ; she reached her hand quickly to her bosom , drew out a paper , and held it toward athos . carriage . his pocket , and <unk> a knot at each <unk> signal agreed <unk> it in the air and the man came up to him . , athos , ” aramis replied . cristo	76.47283172607422
; but as though in a dream he was transfixed to the spot , —his eyes glared as though they were starting through the sockets ; he <unk> the flesh on his chest until his nails were stained with blood ; the veins of his temples swelled and boiled as though they would burst their narrow <unk> , and <unk> his brain with living fire . to say to thy friend planchet ? ” set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement , the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law . should hold responsible , and i will hold them responsible . ” <unk> of paper that i now hold	217.00357055664062
as bonds , with your signature alone , and here is a receipt in full for the six millions between us . ’ s all settled ; only it will be an infamous shame ; ” and he stretched out his hand to reach the letter . the contents of the phial , and he again opened his eyes . or of his father ? lasted two days , after which he offered a million for some food . shall have gained the road and the king will be saved . ” orders to arrest her and would have cut off her head had she not escaped with her <unk> kitty ! ! ” it , valentine , i entreat you . ” was fated that i should	91.53656005859375
not keep it . ” asked the queen . <unk> the little emerald box , raised the golden lid , and took from it a <unk> about the size of a <unk> , which he placed in her hand . piece of glass ? ” asked the duke , frowning . ” asked aramis . was i not accessory to his death by my <unk> <unk> , by my contempt for him , not remembering , or not willing to remember , that it was for my sake he had become a traitor and a <unk> ? knew . had been answered by a similar signal which had fixed the irresolution of the nocturnal <unk> , or whether without this aid she saw that she had arrived at	79.45052337646484
the end of her journey , she resolutely drew near to aramis ’ s shutter , and tapped , at three equal intervals , with her bent finger . , athos ? ” you think proper ; there is still time to withdraw . ” two servants , now entered the house . ” replied the count . ” replied the governor . otherwise . good fellow , ” said athos , “ it is but dying rather sooner . ” me ? , porthos ? ” with me , are you not ? monsieur mordaunt whom we are going to join at boulogne and with whom we cross to england . ” d ’ artagnan interrupted , “ as i don ’ t understand english and we	60.559120178222656
all understand spanish , have the kindness to speak to us in that language , which , since it is your own , you must find pleasure in using when you have the chance . ” my eyes , nor is there fever in my veins , yet i see you <unk> , maximilian , whom i love as my own son . a father of a family , charged with even a greater responsibility than the father of an ordinary family . he went into the courtyard , seated himself on a stone with his head bare and exposed to the <unk> sun . and i will comply with them . ” see you fighting , i can assure you that we would make no effort to	87.1085433959961
prevent you . the <unk> , ” said athos . has gone again ; the true one , as you say . ” in the world . in england . replace the diamond in the ring , ’ said la carconte sharply . , to ask your advice . ” i assure you such is not the case . seems to me . ” you have been guilty of an <unk> intrusion , and that what you call protection is more like an insult . ” said la ramee , “ if you will take a bit of good advice , don ’ t put that off till you are old . ” ” cried morrel . , and the duke at boulogne . monte cristo , “	45.485530853271484
since that is the case , i will take advantage of his presence to make my declaration . ” danglars , “ have always intended giving my daughter 500,000 francs as her dowry ; she is , besides , my sole heiress . ” ! ” at these cries , all who were in the hôtel rushed out and fell upon the four companions , who on their side cried aloud , “ to the rescue , musketeers ! ” gentlemen . ” its effect upon the clerks , who began to laugh ; but porthos turned sharply round , and every countenance quickly recovered its gravity . mousqueton . which he prefers in his journeys , large enough to hold all the world . ” have been	121.81878662109375
the young man , certainly , for he was strong and industrious , while the abbé was aged and weak ; besides , his mind was too <unk> to allow him to carry out an idea . ” now ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . cristo had been for a long time familiar with the ways of parisian society , he would have appreciated better the significance of the step which m. de villefort had taken . must be granted . ” word , ” said she in a concentrated voice , “ not a word of all that i have said to you to this man , or i am lost , and it would be <unk> ” pursued in the <unk> , driven out of	51.251747131347656
the kingdom of naples , where he had carried on a regular war , had crossed the <unk> , like manfred , and had taken refuge on the banks of the <unk> between <unk> and <unk> . , ” said the <unk> , showing his face . to be alone , ” he exclaimed , on seeing the young man . soldier ’ s passive obedience . placed in ambuscade in the first room . would have been a happiness too infinite , too <unk> , too complete , too divine for this world , since it has been denied me ; but without valentine the earth is desolate . ” are positive ; a young girl belongs first to him who carries her off , then the	98.50971221923828
rest draw lots for her , and she is abandoned to their brutality until death <unk> her sufferings . same hotel , but on the same floor . ” <unk> . ” by an hour and a half . around him , in order to assure himself that he was unobserved , he entered by the small gate , and , carefully closing and securing it after him , proceeded with a hurried step towards the barrier . corpse , and when it is ready it will be placed in a lighted chapel . ” prince ; simply a count . ” ” cried mazarin , fearing that should his prisoner ever leave his prison he would be the more exasperated against him if he thus <unk> his	131.5223846435547
amusement . , been induced to alter your opinion ; you have had some proofs of their truth ? ” the major drew from his pocket a handful of gold . heart , aramis , one deeper and more <unk> wound made by a woman . ” <unk> mad passion of milady and her menaces of death . care of them myself , ” answered d ’ artagnan ; “ besides , all they require is a good room , with sentinels , or their simple <unk> that they will not attempt escape . merely wish to overtake one of my friends , with whom i am going to hunt tomorrow at <unk> . he had , as we have said , been with his master for five-and-twenty	137.44285583496094
years , therefore he knew all his habits , and it was seldom that noirtier found it necessary to ask for anything , so prompt was he in administering to all the <unk> of the invalid . one of those <unk> men who seek a ridiculous death in order that it may be said of them that they did not retreat a single step . the cardinal looked at himself in the glass with a feeling of <unk> . their <unk> in the presence of noirtier when a ring was heard at the <unk> . his place , gun in hand . by a sergeant , drove away idlers from the place where the duke had mounted his horse . became <unk> , the <unk> of the evening	83.83672332763672
were revealed in their true light ; what she had taken for confusion was a tumult ; what she had regarded as something distressing , was in reality a disgrace . should know the real cause . ” taste . ” them . shot from a musket or the blade of a rapier flashed among the crowd ; <unk> continued to hail down from the windows and some shots were heard , the echo of which , though they were probably fired in the air , made all hearts <unk> . and here , ” said she , touching her eyes and her heart . this <unk> voice pouring out its lamentations in the middle of the night ; but each of those strokes , which made up	145.14027404785156
the expected hour , vibrated <unk> to the heart of the young man . a short , thick neck ; he was attacked with apoplexy , and i was called in too late . , m. zaccone . ” which the scene we have just described had taken place on the road between bellegarde and beaucaire , a man of about thirty or <unk> , dressed in a bright blue frock coat , <unk> trousers , and a white waistcoat , having the appearance and accent of an englishman , presented himself before the mayor of marseilles . ” replied florentin . to find with this arrangement ; on the contrary , it seemed to be a delicate attention , to be gratefully received ; d ’ artagnan	113.63339233398438
, therefore , thanked the man and gave him a crown piece to drink to general cromwell ’ s health . <unk> which were sent to m. de saint-méran ; and m. de saint-méran is dead . planchet , ” said aramis , whilst athos smiled on seeing what important rank was held in the city <unk> by the former comrade of mousqueton , bazin and grimaud . join the escort . ” de putange ; i met monsieur <unk> in england ; i know monsieur de tréville . ” the postillion who had driven her , and found him . that you can do with most project gutenberg™ electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement . the four friends were out of	91.97035217285156
reach , and the rochellais only fired to <unk> their consciences . traveled all night , at seven o ’ clock she was at the fort of the point ; at eight o ’ clock she had embarked ; and at nine , the vessel , which with letters of <unk> from the cardinal was supposed to be sailing for bayonne , raised anchor , and steered its course toward england . ” the queen . , now they have muskets . cried she , “ and you will have saved my life , you will have saved my honor ! ” . ? ” sake , porthos my friend , reserve your feats of strength , or they will not have , when needed , the honor	89.53279876708984
they deserve . ? ” , for i am much in want of money today . ” and talked about that <unk> death , and the fatality you mentioned then is the same which has caused the murder of valentine. ” villefort and d ’ avrigny exchanged looks . ? providence has warned us , that we may be on our guard . with his intentions and will submit to them . kitty presented herself at d ’ artagnan ’ s , she was no longer joyous and alert as on the two preceding days ; but on the contrary sad as death . ” he said , “ many dreadful things , but nothing that ever agitated me so much as what i have just witnessed .	113.0003890991211
an arm , <unk> beautiful in their form and <unk> , glided through the tapestry . m. morrel , ” replied the young man , “ a great misfortune , for me especially ! refused them . ” asked porthos . time to time , the <unk> took the messengers which the rochellais sent to buckingham , or the spies which buckingham sent to the rochellais . cried kitty , “ there is my mistress calling me ! , would find himself on the field of battle . with him i am also going to fight , ” said porthos . forgotten ; if he passes over into france his cause is lost . ” m. bonacieux , in a tone of perfect good fellowship , “ what	93.83109283447266
has become of you all these days ? ; i heard no other noise but the beating of my own heart . ’ clock in the morning . , ” added porthos . continued tréville , “ in enterprises of this kind , in order that one may arrive , four must set out . ” this recital with a sigh , a tear , or a shriek for every detail . man was riveted upon a spot which villefort could scarcely distinguish . dear , keep it . ” , ” replied the valet de chambre , “ the master of the <unk> came this morning to inform him that he had marked down a <unk> . i have one request to make to you , which	63.10437774658203
you will understand , even if it should be disagreeable to you . ” who were on their way to join the army and the name of one of whom i heard his companion <unk> viscount de bragelonne . ” athos , with a singular smile . branded , ” continued d ’ artagnan . great deal , it seems to me . ” after that of the queen was that of the prince de condé , with the princess and <unk> princess . be some day lost or stolen , he compelled dantès to learn it by heart ; and dantès knew it from the first to the last word . <unk> <unk> do not <unk> it appears that this recollection is connected with a lovely sky	67.77375793457031
and some religious _fête_ ; mademoiselle was holding flowers in her hand , the interesting boy was chasing a beautiful peacock in a garden , and you , madame , were under the <unk> of some arbor . said monte cristo . there is a general insurrection . ” out without gloves , his hands appeared too white ; if he wished to walk through the town , his boots seemed too highly polished . said , “ lord de winter , who is a catholic , like yourself , madame , thinking that the <unk> of the rites and ceremonies of your church might be painful to you , has consented that you should read every day the ordinary of your mass ; and here is a	120.58226013183594
book which contains the <unk> . ” lucien , playing with a little dog , who , recognizing him as a friend of the house , expected to be caressed , “ i am not the only one who makes similar complaints , i think i heard morcerf say that he could not extract a word from his betrothed . ” minutes felton came . i tell you she had been stolen from me ? ” it proves that we know how to keep our secrets . ” this morning he sent for me to ask me if i had obtained any information . ” midday . mme . as he had carried her off the first . first step of the church of san giacomo , be	86.7801513671875
sure to fasten a knot of rose-colored ribbons to the shoulder of your harlequin costume , in order that you may be recognized . a hidden handle and opened a door so well concealed by the tapestry that the most practiced eye could not have discovered it . he . see the king this evening ; but as to you , i do not advise you to risk doing so . ” you , ” said debray with freezing coldness . know how to write , reverend sir . ” the two musketeers , after a moment ’ s silence , “ no , sir , we do not . ” artagnan took his way toward the rue tiquetonne , where he lived at the hotel de la	62.529666900634766
chevrette . up this silly jest ? four of you , but i am more likely to kill the first than the second , the second than the third , and the third than the last . ’ artagnan felt that planchet slipped a note into his hand . ” replied aramis , “ i should much prefer blaisois ; we haven ’ t known him so long . ” guide you ! ” pay your court to her again , and if this time you succeed in pleasing her in your own name and with your own face , it will be much worse than before . ” ; only he was engaged with someone and begged danglars to wait for a moment in the drawing-room .	83.90267181396484
<unk> in the pictures of <unk> . their third of a glass with water ; then , when they had drunk half the glass , they filled it up again , and continued to do so . of cardinal spada , and the will so long sought for , ” replied edmond , still incredulous . aramis , “ what do you say to that ? ” ? ” as did their servants . own account , or on account of another , that she exposed herself to such <unk> ? had become , as the clerk of the house of thomson & french had predicted , madame emmanuel herbault . three more such adventures , and i do not despair of seeing you a member of the	78.31388854980469
academy . ” sir , is , that i am ready to hand you over this sum in exchange for your assignment of the debt . loyal , ” he said , “ you are brave , faithful and loyal . answered the innkeeper . —that while you had related to me all the particulars of your past life , you were perfectly <unk> with mine . ” ? two of these frenchmen when they were only guilty of fighting for charles i . , ” he cried , with an expression of stupefaction in his face ; “ you haven ’ t the heart to kill me ! ” offered his shoulder to the count , who , this time , leaned upon it as he descended	70.3790283203125
the three steps of the carriage . porthos . asked the swiss . ” murmured the woman , from her seat on the stairs , “ mind what you are saying ! ” is to be rich . ” not before examining the supposed juxon with an attention which did not escape the king . in all that i have said to you than in what you have told me ? ” whom your excellency expected at seven o ’ clock this evening ? ” duc d ’ antin removed in a single night a whole avenue of trees that annoyed louis xiv . , ” said mme . well enough as the production of a human <unk> , sung by <unk> <unk> , to <unk> the late	69.0038833618164
<unk> . ” an <unk> of judith , and had just communicated my verses to the lady , who gave me all sorts of compliments , and leaning on my shoulder , was reading them a second time with me . him , viscount . ” ” that is the case . ” concealed . of the person who rang at the gate , and demanded if it was not at no . d ’ artagnan . stroke was given , two summoned baptistin , and three bertuccio . to monsieur the chevalier de <unk> . ” house , do you say , edmond ! , pardon me . ” added that in case the coadjutor should appear on the field of battle it would be a pity	76.45758819580078
that he should not be distinguished in the <unk> by wearing a red hat , as henry iv . <unk> , and drawing up his ladder passed it over the wall ; then he began to descend , or rather to <unk> down by the two <unk> , which he did with an ease which proved how accustomed he was to the exercise . we shall ever see them again ? ” said morrel with <unk> eyes . , stupefied , annihilated . pavement , in the carriages , at the windows , a single tongue that was silent , a single arm that did not move . similar rooms , with the addition of a third , formed out of the antechamber ; these three rooms were	95.3644027709961
a salon , a boudoir , and a bedroom . or federal tax <unk> number is <unk> . said monte cristo with a voice that betrayed not the least emotion ; and immediately beauchamp appeared . sir , that your position has kept you out of relation to men and affairs ; otherwise you would know that since we left paris monsieur le cardinal has returned thither five or six times ; that he has there met de beaufort , de bouillon , the coadjutor and d ’ elbeuf and that not one of them had any desire to arrest him . ” since he is an only son . ” you are ! , ” said the young man , coolly , “ you will kill yourself	97.73229217529297
in jumping . ” ? ” question in the affirmative ; but that command must come from the queen herself . ” neither have , nor desire to have , a mistress , following in that respect the very <unk> example of athos , who has none any more than i have . ” wills . ” <unk> italian , who though he very likely dreams of crime , dares not commit it ; and unlike cromwell , who disposes of both houses , mazarin has had the queen to support him in his struggle with the parliament . ” <unk> della <unk> le <unk> <unk> <unk> non <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> il <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> di <unk> . the words of the will	174.31788635253906
, which he knew by heart . hear <unk> are the posts and planks to build my scaffold . the jailer , “ do not always <unk> over what is impossible , or you will be mad in a fortnight . ” , and this was the received thing in the world , where the weighty and <unk> occupations of the magistrate were accepted as an excuse for what was really only calculated pride , a manifestation of professed <unk> fact , the application of the axiom , <unk> to think well of yourself , and the world will think well of <unk> , an axiom a hundred times more useful in society nowadays than that of the greeks , “ know thyself , ” a knowledge for	173.64755249023438
which , in our days , we have substituted the less difficult and more advantageous science of <unk> <unk> . wish , madame , is that you should perish on the scaffold . custom for the officers in the english navy to place themselves at the service of their female compatriots when they land in a port of great britain , and carry their gallantry so far as to conduct them ashore ? ” festival of your marriage ? ” said the deputy , shuddering in spite of himself . was no longer a man , he was a devil ! rather <unk> than otherwise ; men who did not wish to be seen would not light a fire . ” , notwithstanding all <unk> that is ,	134.2750701904297
as i have said , the limit of my <unk> shall have nothing to do but to pray god to work a miracle for the salvation of france . sent to your abode in your absence , and which was given to me for you . ” appeared at the windows and the people attracted to the end of the street began to run , first men , then groups , and then a crowd of people ; hearing cries and seeing a chariot they could not understand it ; but friquet sprang from the entresol on to the top of the carriage . , he remained standing like a man in <unk> , with the deepest <unk> depicted on his face . understand that i intend entertaining	100.62906646728516
company on saturday at <unk> ” bertuccio slightly started . porthos , <unk> . a small part of what you know , ” said dantès , “ if only to prevent your growing weary of me . deep thought , yet listened attentively . , madame , and fulfill the orders i have received . ” eyes , with that long , fond look with which he had turned the angle of the street , she fell on her knees , and clasping her hands , “ oh , my god , ” cried she , “ protect the queen , protect me ! ” returned to his apartment . the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate . . ” of grimaud . be prudent	85.4684066772461
. ” . . ” said the host , “ your young master was here a quarter of an hour ago ; he will dine at mazingarbe and sleep at cambrin . ” through this opening . ” politeness of manner that he heard cavalcanti pronounce these words : fellow , those are things that bear postponement and you must put it off , especially with so good an excuse to give on your <unk> ” him rather than let him go . ” . ” his little hand and held it out to the musketeer ; the latter bent on his knee and kissed it . the revelation , for he could reply to or deny its truth ; —he cared little for that <unk> , <unk>	112.24153137207031
, <unk> <unk> , which appeared suddenly in letters of blood upon the wall ; —but what he was really anxious for was to discover whose hand had traced them . , for the love of heaven , save me ! ” cried he . sir , to hear that . ” boulogne ? ” demanded she of milady . to keep your word ; i have reached my destination . ” ? ” his head modestly in at the half-open door , and told his master that the horses were ready . and seemed for the moment to have lost his usual <unk> . , ” said château-renaud ; “ i have heard of these things every day during the last eight years , and i can	67.01314544677734
not understand them yet . ” ; farewell , gentlemen , ” said the count , unceremoniously . that d ’ artagnan employed it quite naturally and instinctively . portion of the garden was her favorite walk . of my friends , but who knows whether they were at home ? ” you , d ’ artagnan , and you , athos ? ” said the young man . , i am greatly afraid i have drawn a terrible vengeance on both of us ! ” , ‘ gentlemen , there is fighting going on in gascony or in flanders ; go and fight , ’ and you go there . believe me , because everyone thought me mad ; but you , who must know that i	89.41867065429688
am not , listen to me , and believe me so afterwards if you will . ” a tall , dark <unk> like yours , d ’ artagnan . ” . more song ; it is so delightful to hear music in the distance , when the <unk> are <unk> by observation . ” . t go out so , ” said kitty ; “ you are naked . ” ’ clock . . myself will give you some . ” ? ” cried château-renaud ; “ life is not worth speaking of ! —that is rather too philosophical , on my word , morrel . were dreaming or awake . , ” continued athos , with some hesitation , “ he broke his thigh . ” .	70.04342651367188
, and took the places of grimaud and mousqueton . asked hermine , trembling violently . a man of genius , as i thought , he is a man of no <unk> a servant of cardinal bentivoglio , and he got on by intrigue . and seeing near her stepmother the stranger of whom she had already heard so much , saluted him without any <unk> awkwardness , or even lowering her eyes , and with an elegance that redoubled the count ’ s attention . the waiter did as he was desired . wounded and might denounce their crime , they came up to him with the purpose of making sure . , after having exchanged a cheerful shake of the hand with all his <unk> friends	130.10594177246094
, had surrendered himself to the officer sent to arrest him , merely saying , “ make yourselves quite easy , my good fellows , there is some little mistake to clear up , that ’ s all , depend upon it ; and very likely i may not have to go so far as the prison to effect that . ” sinbad , laughing with his singular laugh , which displayed his white and sharp teeth . which had so long been the object of the abbé ’ s meditations , could insure the future happiness of him whom faria really loved as a son , it had doubled its value in his eyes , and every day he expatiated on the amount , explaining to dantès	170.07418823242188
all the good which , with thirteen or fourteen millions of francs , a man could do in these days to his friends ; and then dantès ’ countenance became gloomy , for the oath of vengeance he had taken recurred to his memory , and he reflected how much ill , in these times , a man with thirteen or fourteen millions could do to his enemies . said before , sir , —very well ; i am ready to marry m. cavalcanti . ” change at all in the course of your examination ? ” to me ? ” asked the duke . it is your opinion , ” said anne of austria , with a sneer and biting her lips with rage , “ that	89.19076538085938
yesterday ’ s riot , which to-day is already a rebellion , to-morrow may become a revolution ? ” then ? ” said aramis . coming . ” brother ? ’ asked he . though new , were <unk> , like traveling clothes for a long time packed in a portmanteau . ideas of pride which are in fashion in our days did not prevail . encountered for the first time villefort ’ s look , —that look peculiar to the magistrate , who , while seeming to read the thoughts of others , betrays nothing of his own . subject ; the abbé shook his head in token of <unk> , and refused to make any further response . for those latitudes , ” said the englishman	129.36248779296875
; “ i should have taken four <unk> in the <unk> and <unk> the spanker . ” the cardinal , opening the door . satisfied with herself , “ come , nothing is lost ; i am still beautiful . ” said the man . hour after the event . ” will put all this to rights . ” contradict them ; besides , i might be deceived . ” , but , after having gnawed the flower stalk , he began to bite his nails . , ” said the count ; “ he to whom you have confided your <unk> from whom death would have separated you , calls you to him . recommend monsieur le duc to you , particularly ; treat him as a	69.87916564941406
man of his rank and family ought to be treated ; that is , never leave him alone an instant . ” it is true , ” murmured d ’ avrigny . is a worthy <unk> ” he left the porter to ponder on these words , not knowing which most to admire , the master or the servant . do , then , to-night ? ” to his system of <unk> , he contented himself with interrogating d ’ artagnan by a look . ; it is not a law , but merely a custom , and , i pray of you , do not <unk> this custom in your favor . ” of joy and clapped his hands . i must tell you , she lowered	69.7473373413086
herself by marrying me , for she belongs to one of the most ancient families in france . certainly , and you have done well to purchase them , although you were somewhat <unk> not to have procured them sooner . ” , madame , ” said morrel , bestowing a grateful smile on monte cristo . , ” said athos , “ let them follow us . ” , ” returned albert . he perceived m. bonacieux in morning costume , standing at his threshold . less true that that <unk> ” done ? ” <unk> year . i , ‘ that looks like my <unk> ; i fancy i must have <unk> that skull somewhere or <unk> ’ and , in fact , it was that	84.61764526367188
unfortunate scotchman , parry ’ s brother , you know , on whom groslow amused himself by trying his strength . my man was going to fire a pistol at me ; but <unk> did you get rid of yours ? ” entered his apartment , and peppino stationed himself on the bench outside the door of the hotel , after having whispered something in the ear of one of the descendants of marius and the gracchi whom we noticed at the beginning of the chapter , who immediately ran down the road leading to the capitol at his fullest speed . don ’ t you in the first place want a horse ? ” honor of knowing madame danglars ; but i have already met m. lucien	121.736328125
debray . ” o ’ clock at night his horses took him to the barrier of charenton ; there a post-chaise was waiting for <unk> entered it with his valet de chambre , saying that he was going to fontainebleau . ” of me , cunning rogue ! ” thought gondy . he must have been prevented by monsieur de tréville or monsieur dessessart . drew back the cloak which hid the aperture and came in with his face livid , his eyes staring wide open with terror , so that the pupils were contracted almost to nothing , with a large circle of white around them . the viscount of morcerf , advancing towards the countess , “ yesterday you were so <unk> as to promise me	128.86582946777344
a galop ; i am rather late in claiming this gracious promise , but here is my friend , whose character for <unk> you well know , and he will assure you the delay arose from no fault of mine . ” with astonishment on the young man , who , almost a stranger to him , called noirtier his father . a profound silence . there to pronounce the sentence of death against a murderer . i shake hands with you , saying , ‘ beauchamp , acknowledge you have injured me , and retain my friendship , ’ or must i simply propose to you a choice of arms ? ” ” effect that he who wrote them could expect , in that they induced a	185.67291259765625
great number of the inhabitants to open private negotiations with the royal army . you understand ? <unk> , liberty , melody of birds , plains of <unk> , venetian <unk> , roman palaces , the bay of naples . , but , as usual , no one liked to take upon himself the responsibility of the attack . madame de villefort sent for him half an hour ago ; he went into her room , and has not been downstairs since . ” duc de grammont . ” ! ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i had forgotten that he was only a musketeer for a time . ” fencing master in paris , i made an agreement with him to take a lesson every day	90.63178253173828
, and every day for a year i took that lesson . across his forehead , which was clouded with doubt . <unk> to you , but time does not permit . we are sufficiently well-bred to excuse you , and to listen to your history , fabulous as it promises to be . ” i said , ‘ my brother was assassinated yesterday in the streets of nîmes , i know not by whom , but it is your duty to find out . porthos coming forward . help . they sleep ? ” he asked . with a pleasant face opened a door , continued to exchange some words with a person in the next chamber and then came up to the prisoner . , i	94.25041198730469
beg of you , ” said he , “ not to say a word to dantès on the subject . me to the grave with the rank of captain . ” chapter xii . <unk> , dogs to hunt with , and a fishing-boat . ” personally , but from having heard the queen speak of him more than once as a brave and loyal gentleman . ” do in that case ? ” ” she cried , “ i do love you ! , <unk> , and pampinara had disappeared . use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever . whispered to the king : “ it is the comte de	65.3382339477539
la fere and his friends . ” we have said , of great beauty . went out , returned by the same way he came , re-entered the hôtel , and went to his apartment . succeeded ? ” t know what prevents me from exterminating you all . ” ” said the latter ; “ m . , dull and <unk> . those puritans , half <unk> and half soldier , who <unk> around cromwell . but they pointed out the asylum , which was situated at the upper end of the rue d ’ enfer , and after having taken the precaution of cutting the linen in two pieces , so that one of the two letters which marked it was on the piece wrapped around	76.53845977783203
the child , while the other remained in my possession , i rang the bell , and fled with all speed . have acted like a <unk> . , and with an expression of countenance which commanded her to pay the most implicit attention to his words , he said in greek , “ <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> , ” —that is , “ tell us the fate of your father ; but neither the name of the traitor nor the <unk> ” haydée sighed deeply , and a shade of sadness clouded her beautiful brow . was under him ? ” if i am mistaken . ” very young . ” he wiped the perspiration from his brows , and	91.5426254272461
stopped not again till he found himself at the door of the house in which his father had lived . for doing the impossible ; what ’ s possible , they say , they can effect themselves , and they are right . misfortunes . ” athos , pale , but resolute ; aramis was wiping a slight moisture from his brow . to the <unk> i won ’ t repeat her name , for i am incapable of compromising a woman ; but this i know , that i had but to write to her and she would have sent me fifteen hundred . ” joining them is not very attractive to me , i confess . he should first taste the liquor which the tankard contained	111.93206787109375
before taking it to his companions , the door of the cellar opened and a man with a lantern in his hands and enveloped in a cloak , came and stood just before the <unk> , behind which grimaud , on hearing him come in , instantly crept . of softening the heart of a mother who loves her child . within the circle of the camp , the four friends did not exchange one word ; besides , they were followed by the curious , who , hearing of the wager , were anxious to know how they would come out of it . lifted the corner of her <unk> shield with which she covered herself and which rendered her so strong . such a hurry to	102.32185363769531
do that , ” said valentine , with a sad smile . ” replied franz , “ one would think that you had studied the different tortures of all the nations of the world . ” remember as if it were but yesterday sitting under the shade of some <unk> , on the borders of a lake , in the waters of which the trembling foliage was reflected as in a mirror . between the confident monarch and the <unk> minister . fit to confront the two violent adversaries whose address and resolution your eminence is fearful of . ” ” cried the captain to the <unk> . , at the opposite side of the table , had been occupied in <unk> placing his most honored guests .	103.92382049560547
, lost , destroyed ! ” to the sailors . letter be you bear to his eminence ? ” to them , if you stand in need of help ? ” taken off his greatcoat , waistcoat , and shirt , and one might distinguish by the <unk> through the open panel that he wore a <unk> <unk> of steel mail , of which the last in france , where daggers are no longer dreaded , was worn by king louis <unk> , who feared the dagger at his breast , and whose head was <unk> with a hatchet . for it . <unk> below , is of the same title as ebook <unk> and its contents <unk> those of two other volumes : it includes all the	172.00234985351562
chapters of ebook <unk> and the first 28 chapters of <unk> ] i carry my <unk> so far as to say , ‘ do not forget me , my kind friends , for probably you will never see me again . ’ ” been covered with an elegant supper , was overturned . alone ? ” harrison , laughing , and looking over at one of the officers seated at his table . all the speed they could to evade the enemy , when they could but <unk> the absence of dantès , whose superior skill in the management of a vessel would have availed them so <unk> . failing , i admit ; but with that exception , i am a good <unk> . ” d ’	117.15103149414062
artagnan gave a glance at parry , who was standing in front of the king , to show him that the news was meant for him . you , debray . ” in his arms , and laid him on the bed . reposed in his chair , crossed one leg over the other and <unk> about like a man perfectly at his ease . ; oh , yes , i shall certainly die of it ! ” it that he is a vampire . ” glass of water , which remained after my breakfast , thirst having been the chief of my sufferings when i remained forty-eight hours without eating or drinking . , and villefort heard someone speak his name . continued felton , becoming more	91.26520538330078
excited as he spoke , “ my lord , beware ! door . of the patrol , descended across the rocks , and when arrived on the edge of the sea , whistled . offended <unk> who ever since i have known her have lived at her feet like a slave ? this man , sir , ” said the king to the minister of police ; “ for if , as i am all but convinced , general quesnel , who would have been so useful to us at this moment , has been murdered , his assassins , bonapartists or not , shall be cruelly <unk> ” it required all villefort ’ s coolness not to betray the terror with which this declaration of the king	109.11968231201172
inspired him . not a single word was uttered . fail . ” , came out an instant after by the door , and satisfied himself that the woman was in the carriage . is in me less strength to endure . myself , for i feel that the most beautiful , noblest , most sublime thing in the world , is to recompense and <unk> ’ satan bowed his head , and groaned . said , in italian , as he was <unk> the steps and looking at a bag of <unk> , “ faith , there ’ s enough to pay five <unk> of parliament , and two <unk> in paris . by the side of my misfortunes yours appear to me mere <unk> ; that	91.73899841308594
is why my dreadful position makes yours appear <unk> . , we shall return triumphant to yanina ; if the news be inauspicious , we must fly this <unk> ’ — ‘ but supposing our enemy should not allow us to do so ? ’ said my mother . anne of austria , in an undertone , “ find some very dull book to read to his majesty , but do not undress yourself . ” at once to see you . ” he , “ i <unk> you , as a christian and a soldier , to tell me where we are going . kiosk that we were <unk> . pronounced with such enthusiasm and evident truth , that every eye was fixed on the count ’	109.9303207397461
s forehead , and he himself passed his hand across it , as if he felt ali ’ s blood still <unk> there . , while the rich magnificence of her attire drew all eyes upon her . ? ” , return to brussels ? ” hideous admiration approached the wicket , against which one of the keepers was leaning . errand . the corner of this unfolded object . this cadet from gascony was a well of wisdom , ” murmured athos ; and the travelers continued their route . now , mercédès ? —then what would you say if you knew the extent of the sacrifice i make to you ? hand , on which he has a large wound ; if you forgot his features	177.2145233154297
, you would know him by that hand , into which fell , one by one , the gold pieces of the merchant el-kobbir ! ” i know him ! , which now , without any support , leaned towards the sea . of <unk> , ruin , change , <unk> have fully anticipated , and if any of these should overtake me , yet it will not overwhelm me . sir , that two persons exist in you ; the father has <unk> sufficiently , now let the procureur fulfil his office . ” only hope . answered the gascon ; “ these marks are regular . ” was only in part mistaken ; he himself was not in question , but his horse was . d	120.25324249267578
’ artagnan . ; i see it . athos , ” said aramis , “ you were meant to be a general of the army ! steps , which were heard on the gravel . ” , does not belong to us ; take my advice , then , and let no one into our confidence . intimate with <unk> you are , in fact ; one of the oldest of my parisian <unk> they will not find you at my house ; they will certainly ask me why i did not invite you . , and saw the <unk> full of powder which his friend jacopo had left him . chair ; villefort opened the door and escaped , for the idea had entered his mind to	49.59700393676758
stifle the little remaining life in the heart of this terrible old man . as he was , or appeared to be , could not resist the secret influence which had already taken possession of him . <unk> . me . ” he was deceived , and it was but one of those dreams that <unk> death ! ” said the count , “ you are <unk> yourself . ” arrest was being <unk> in every different form . if he really hates the wicked , as he is said to do , send down <unk> and fire , and <unk> them altogether ? ” ” your doing <unk> ” monte cristo chose this moment for <unk> the drawing-room . heard in epirus , ” said monte cristo	74.42355346679688
; “ but the particulars are still unknown to me . ? <unk> to this amiable gesture , remained mute and trembling . rolling and <unk> the paper in his hands . the head of the guards , marched first ; then came the royal carriage , with d ’ artagnan on one side , porthos on the other ; then the musketeers , for two and twenty years staunch friends of d ’ artagnan . read it thus : nothing ; will you , kitty ? franz only succeeded in killing a few partridges , and , like every unsuccessful sportsman , he returned to the boat very much out of temper . other in <unk> . times a week . ” fee for copies of or	102.5857162475586
providing access to or distributing project gutenberg™ electronic works provided that : ticket attached to it , by which it might be recognized ; and from that moment the <unk> de la <unk> was charged with the care of all the doors and all the avenues . were a mere matter of form . name ; this worthy gentleman has only to announce the confidential clerk of the house of thomson & french of rome , with whom your father does business . ” night in lonely conference with the prince , who had entered the oratory at midnight and did not leave till five o ’ clock in the morning . the duke ’ s and escaped along with him . ” baroness , <unk> to danglars	90.1684341430664
, and affectionately to monte cristo . du helder , on the 21st of may , at half-past ten in the morning , and your word of honor passed for your punctuality ? ” to do ? ” ” said a voice behind him . us talk of our affairs . he , involuntarily following noirtier ’ s eyes , which were fixed on madame de villefort , who repeated : my mother ; i <unk> father intends giving a ball . ” d ’ if complain of , who has not some <unk> to be <unk> ? a sign from her everyone eagerly took his seat . , and fell asleep . but he had some difficulty in believing . ridiculous not to follow his two companions	76.3879165649414
’ example . the equipment was successively <unk> in the same manner ; and the result of the sitting was that the procurator ’ s wife should give eight hundred livres in money , and should furnish the horse and the mule which should have the honor of carrying porthos and mousqueton to glory . you have used toward me . of it , ” replied albert , “ but i can readily believe it . ” to present these proofs for his <unk> . ” the baron , about to fail her at the decisive moment ? retired and remained leaning against the mantelpiece , a spectator of the scene . it ! ” was striking , d ’ artagnan left m. de tréville , who thanked	78.85182189941406
him for his information , recommended him to have the service of the king and queen always at heart , and returned to the saloon ; but at the foot of the stairs , d ’ artagnan remembered he had forgotten his cane . , clinging to a window . nothing until i am convinced that he has quite abandoned me , and then—— ” your instinct tell you now ? ” , ” said mazarin ; “ it is the same . ” my lord , ” said the young man . musketeer , d ’ artagnan said : mount a gray horse and leave the palace court . <unk> , or rather , like a magnificent <unk> . the houses . the <unk> , captain leclere	48.36772918701172
left naples greatly disturbed in mind . athos , “ no fish at a <unk> ? ” of it . ” them ; they played , and i won . and with him fatigue had prevailed over hunger . cahusac , a favorite of the cardinal ’ s . you wish to perish by his hands ! that the wind has blown off my hat ? ” not long . thou two horses ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , jumping on one of them . you laid it aside ? ” here , or in the neighborhood ? ” ” said buckingham , grating his teeth with rage . trademark license , especially commercial redistribution . pistoles . . , it is a matter of the greatest	92.96443939208984
urgency to find them out , ” said the queen , “ since you think these worthy gentlemen might be so useful to the king . ” chance of saving your majesty has just been proposed by monsieur d ’ herblay . those women , <unk> , turkish , or greek , whom here you call ‘ good women , ’ who do not know how , by means of chemistry , to <unk> a doctor , and in <unk> to <unk> a confessor . ” horrible stories to us , doubtless intending to frighten us to death . ” lxiv . world , then , one man who , having the power to ask , <unk> ! ” to you ? ” the <unk> perception of a	93.54696655273438
lover , quickly understood the circumstances in which she was involuntarily placed , and he was comforted . porthos , “ in the first place make a bargain with the mercer , and a good bargain . ” give up that good monsieur broussel , dead or alive , and all would be at an end . ” really women who bear the name of haydée anywhere but in <unk> ’ s poems ? ” in the world , monsieur ( the king ’ s secretary ) le <unk> , who came to paris with twenty francs in his pocket and who now possesses ten millions ? ” he , sir ? ” asked raoul , in a soft and <unk> voice . when the queen went into	74.88536834716797
her son ’ s room , and inquired from laporte if the king was in bed . of lens . him . ? ” he , “ you have a sacred duty to fulfil in your deceased grandmother ’ s room , will you allow me the honor of a few minutes ’ conversation with m. noirtier ? ” passion , roaring on the deck like a lioness that has been embarked , had been tempted to throw herself into the sea that she might regain the coast , for she could not get rid of the thought that she had been insulted by d ’ artagnan , threatened by athos , and that she had quit france without being revenged on them . him your <unk> .	77.75900268554688
” ? . ” ? so exquisite to you , is very likely no better than perch or <unk> ; but it seemed impossible to procure it , and here it is . ” morcerf . was in the past , as had often been vaguely said to d ’ artagnan . grew pale several times in reading this billet . ’ t say i had much choice of going or not going , for i was taken to him between two guards . valentine ; “ i shall not leave my grandfather , —that is an understood thing between us . to sell the castle of <unk> <unk> ” blood , dripping from the <unk> upon which lay the wounded man , speechless ; the monk had	117.47844696044922
disappeared . what you assert ? ” people she had around her the more she would have to work upon , and lord de winter would <unk> his watch . . slow and solemn step , so that the table alone separated them , the unknown took off his mask . from the few words which escaped from d ’ artagnan , what affair was in hand , and as they thought that overtaking his man , or losing sight of him , d ’ artagnan would return to his rooms , they kept on their way . <unk> continually with his hidden poniard . received at the hôtel danglars in the light of an acknowledged friend , louise was treated with far more kindness and consideration than	137.81686401367188
is usually bestowed on a <unk> . very nearly . ” . her chamber , and d ’ artagnan was about to retire , when he felt his shoulder lightly touched . ” said beauchamp . count of morcerf , and ranks among the peers . ” in the middle of the room , bursting with laughter . to know ; the bastion was guarded . the crowd and i could not find him again . ” sir , ” said he ; “ i have an order for each of you also . ” inquiring glance at milady . , the young man began to laugh aloud , looking round carefully , however , to see that his solitary laugh , without a cause in the eyes	56.63562774658203
of passers-by , offended no one . the latter ; “ only , if the queen has the studs , which i very much doubt , count them , sire , and if you only find ten , ask her majesty who can have stolen from her the two studs that are here . ” then ! ” cried d ’ artagnan to the man with the <unk> , taking one of the pistols up by the muzzle and preparing to strike with the handle . of twenty paces , as far as the louvre , and if anyone watches us , slay him ! ” a man like you should possess such a diamond . , saying that although he was not a deputy from monsieur de	84.35859680175781
conti , or monsieur de beaufort , or monsieur de bouillon , or monsieur d ’ elbeuf , or the coadjutor , or madame de longueville , or broussel , or the parliament , and although he had come on his own private account , he nevertheless had things to say to her majesty of the utmost importance . d ’ artagnan ; “ the light no longer burns in yonder window . ” when you left me that you went to visit her . ” concluded when the name of his visitor was announced . of monsieur porthos , who had desired us to be so careful of this letter , was it not ? ” . ” lamp , i can see nothing now . ”	62.78553771972656
excellency ; the benevolent abbé took an evident interest in all that concerned me . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ with a thousand livres <unk> do not speak as a spartan , but as a <unk> ” sure ! ” responded danglars , who had now approached the group , “ nothing more than a mistake , i feel quite certain . ” king charles ; to you he was only a foreigner and you were not obliged to love him . ” , rarely granted so abundantly , this has been your <unk> have given yourself up to <unk> and <unk> , and in a fit of intoxication have ruined your best friend . ” tell me <unk> isolation of your life , the	90.16516876220703
griefs of your heart . <unk> porthos , “ that the queen would save monsieur de buckingham , but would take no heed of us . ” said the gentleman . cruelly deceived ; but it was fortunate that he never knew , or he might have found it more difficult , when on his <unk> , to pardon his enemies . with a faltering step , and returned with a bundle of bank-notes , which the notary counted like a man who never gives a receipt for money until after he is sure it is all there . that you ought not to fight , i only say that a duel is a serious thing , and ought not to be undertaken without due reflection . ”	86.16002655029297
contemplating the enormous <unk> of his debt before the phantom of bankruptcy , and follow the baroness , who after being momentarily crushed under the weight of the blow which had struck her , had gone to seek her usual adviser , lucien debray . sir , —on the contrary , ” said louis xviii. , “ this affair seems to me to have a decided connection with that which occupies our attention , and the death of general quesnel will , perhaps , put us on the direct track of a great internal <unk> ” at the name of general quesnel , villefort trembled . go out with haydée , and sometimes even take her to the <unk> ” is to discover the truth ; and unless	180.3285369873047
a man be endowed with that admirable instinct which causes louis xiii . ten minutes , a quarter of an hour , twenty minutes ; and seeing that m. de tréville did not return , went away very uneasy as to what was going to happen . but to send monsieur mazarin to the most distant frontier and to take care that he does not return even by that , nor any other entrance into france . ” . ” me is that he did not strike me dead at once . get a <unk> by too much haste . ” ” said comminges , hastening to d ’ artagnan , “ here is one who can tell you better than myself , for he was my protector	91.57440948486328
. availed little against a more deadly medium of death employed four days ago , which is generally but too fatal . ” baroness , turning towards her daughter , “ this is the count of monte cristo . ” your enterprise ? ” of beautiful , poetical , and loving women , ” said athos , after a considerable pause , raising his head , and forgetting to continue the <unk> of the count . had any reason for his morning ’ s <unk> , but he always slept all night long . , then , is she not ? ” said albert . the duke , “ really , i feel bored today beyond the power of description . ” , madame , ” said lucien	73.88355255126953
, “ that had i really the sum you mention at my disposal , i would employ it more <unk> than in <unk> myself to obtain particulars respecting the count of monte cristo , whose only merit in my eyes consists in his being twice as rich as a nabob . hand . ’ t return ; and if he should , he will be told that i have brought a woman with me , and that woman is in his apartment . ” know what you mean , ” replied felton , quietly , “ and i am ignorant of whom you are speaking , my lord . , is dead , ” said morrel . my friends , ” said the former , sighing . —will	54.89577865600586
she be here ? ” aramis ; “ but silence ! ! spare yourself the trouble . ” necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition . , perhaps , hoped for something ; but when she saw the careless bow of debray , and the glance by which it was accompanied , together with his significant silence , she raised her head , and without passion or violence or even hesitation , ran downstairs , <unk> to address a last farewell to one who could thus part from her . some elevated place , whence a given signal may be seen in every part of paris . ” you not , that to have acted as i have done , to have broken that glass	161.31935119628906
, to have <unk> on the solitude of a <unk> can understand that , to have done all this , i must have been actuated by real uneasiness , or rather by a terrible conviction . baker , you might live as a bankrupt , using his privileges ; that would be very good . ” see well . ” on the young girl with an expression which proved how little he understood such ferocious honor . danglars was suffering from that nervous <unk> which women frequently can not account for even to themselves ; or that , as debray had guessed , she had experienced some secret agitation that she would not acknowledge to anyone . the <unk> and <unk> of _la jeune amélie_ , and dragging	140.47911071777344
himself with affected difficulty towards the landing-place , he met his companions with an assurance that , although considerably better than when they quitted him , he still suffered <unk> from his late accident . use of carrying so much more weight ? ” was the reply , “ i can do that when we get there . ” ” gazed on the abbé with a sensation almost amounting to terror . good friend , ” said the coadjutor . for money . ” forms were looking at the sea ; doubtless these strange grave-diggers had heard his cry . of a person wounded in a dream ; he feels the wound , though he can not recollect when he received it . an inquisitive glance into the	121.7091064453125
<unk> was full of gunpowder . dig . ? ” moment . , then ? ” of ironical laughter resounded through the corridor . him what had occurred on the day when the agent of thomson & french had come to her father ’ s , related the scene on the staircase , repeated the promise she had made , and showed him the letter . , but a <unk> and two partridges were lying near it . the king . ” you pay attention to the <unk> of the world . , my dear count , ” said albert , “ for following you here , and i must first tell you that it was not the fault of your servants that i did so ; i	54.269248962402344
alone am to blame for the indiscretion . the bastile just as it was striking half-past eight . your account , that if by mischance a musketeer is arrested , france is in danger . bertuccio ; “ but he had , seven or eight years before this period , sold his establishment to a tailor at marseilles , who , having almost ruined himself in his old trade , wished to make his fortune in another . at a quarter to nine at the gate . that ? ” asked the queen , almost timidly . said he , slowly , “ i wish , as the son of an ancient <unk> i consider this story of the lost letter perfectly <unk> wish , i say ,	104.15291595458984
in order to repair the coldness you may have remarked in my reception of you , to discover to you the secrets of our policy . with his usual gallantry . livres , ” said d ’ artagnan , who reckoned like <unk> . folded , apparently as calm as any man could be in such circumstances . the morrow was to be that of the positions taken in the evening . a crime is today a title to favor . appeared to answer his purpose . ” d ’ avrigny to villefort , “ nature knows how to alleviate the deepest sorrow . the first captive that had been shut up in this splendid prison ; but you may easily comprehend , felton , that the more	110.98397827148438
superb the prison , the greater was my terror . , and i sat down to table . the queen . ” anybody ’ s affairs but my own and those of my honorable guests ; but i make an agreement with the man who <unk> up the papers , and he brings them to me as he would the <unk> , that in case any person staying at my hotel should like to witness an execution , he may obtain every requisite information concerning the time and place <unk> . ” , and before everything else , sir , is the news as bad in your opinion as i am asked to believe ? ” have gone this way ; we had better take the opposite direction	144.55030822753906
, eh ? ” at auteuil . ” château-renaud , ” replied debray ; “ those clothes are well cut and quite new . ” have said , of a small dressing-room , opening into a bedroom , and , when the door of communication was shut , the inmates were quite alone . with anger and anxiety , took a seat in the threatening attitude of a judge . thing seems to me simple enough . exclaimed the poor queen , raising her eyes to heaven , “ have you indeed taken back all the generous hearts that once existed in the world ? ” simple , ” replied athos . i pay that out of my <unk> francs , —that is understood , —and as i	93.87696075439453
require only eighty francs for my journey , you see i am overwhelmed with luxury . ” said aramis , “ that young fellow is decidedly a spy . ” , but i , never ! ” my papers , ” said monte cristo , “ they want to kill me ; they are no robbers , but assassins . through the body of the first and athos had knocked down the other with the butt end of his pistol . he attempted to kill the turnkey , who took his food to him . ” hand , seized the ring , pressed it convulsively to her <unk> without being able to breathe a sigh , to give vent to a sob , she extended her arms ,	81.91983795166016
became deadly pale , and fell senseless in the arms of her attendants and her daughter . <unk> was in an exactly opposite direction from st . ! simple <unk> , who had the appearance of a <unk> . for ten pistoles , witness <unk> . , ” said morrel , clasping his hands . the part of the wall of the apartment before which he had found milady standing in the armchair in which she was now seated , and over her head he perceived a <unk> <unk> , fixed in the wall for the purpose of hanging up clothes or weapons . my <unk> . ” remain in my humility and indolence . common , and few days passed without some city or other <unk> in	104.8345947265625
its <unk> an event of this kind . to a private room only to tell me this , you might have saved yourself the trouble . fell into one of those reveries so habitual with her . go and find a priest . ” ; repeat what i have told you . upon whom their arrival had produced a decided impression . thirsty . something . ” thought that a pretty mule makes sometimes as good an appearance as a horse , and it seemed to me that by getting a pretty mule for <unk> ” , m. beauchamp , that you are more <unk> than he was . ” in communication with your witty and agreeable friend ? closed , was standing <unk> the <unk> . to	116.55477905273438
be afraid , they had stayed behind , and he continued to advance . ” replied the jailer , “ never ; on the contrary , he sometimes amused me very much by telling me stories . , ” replied d ’ artagnan . his usual calm gait , to the stable and went into the very midst of the <unk> , who , foreigner as he was , could not help admiring his height and the enormous strength of his great limbs . ” said d ’ artagnan to raoul , “ you were just in time to stay my hand . unlucky englishman was dead . forges ? ” this strange chain of domestic afflictions , followed by the no less strange death of his daughter——	99.89324951171875
” it is but fair that you should be paid for your loss of time and trouble , ” said the count ; and he made a gesture of polite dismissal . did you not ? ” porthos , “ it appears to me that the means are very simple . ” said gondy ; “ my friend , you take me for some one else . ” , i repeat , for you seek to persuade me , and if you succeed i should lose my reason , for i should hope that i could again behold valentine . ” moved aside , and a nubian , black as <unk> , and dressed in a plain white <unk> , made a sign to his master that all	49.239601135253906
was prepared in the dining-room . a fine country , ” said haydée , “ but i see france as it really is , because i look on it with the eyes of a woman ; whereas my own country , which i can only judge of from the impression produced on my <unk> mind , always seems enveloped in a vague atmosphere , which is luminous or otherwise , according as my remembrances of it are sad or joyous . ” toward grimaud , who merely thrust the guard out and shut the door behind him . a quarter of an hour perfectly hidden by the shadow of the vast column at whose base he had found a resting-place , and from whence his eyes followed the	126.77433776855469
<unk> of albert and his guides , who , holding torches in their hands , had emerged from a <unk> at the opposite extremity of the colosseum , and then again disappeared down the steps conducting to the seats reserved for the <unk> virgins , resembling , as they glided along , some restless shades following the flickering glare of so many <unk> <unk> . , to discover the hidden entrance . look at my room , my four straw chairs , my images , three francs each . , it seems to me . ” the abbé , springing from his seat . say i was a stranger to you . importance . ” to do with this milady ? ” signs he makes ? ” returned	126.99099731445312
d ’ artagnan . returned anne of austria , fixing upon him a glance , which in any woman ’ s face would have expressed disdain , but in a queen ’ s , spread terror to those she looked upon , “ nay , i perceive you dare to threaten the mother of your sovereign . ” the count , “ do you still regret anything in the world , and yet die ? ” aside all <unk> and talk pleasantly . ” so ! ” replied athos . that the examination should take place today ? ” <unk> . ” i swear to you , by my hopes of salvation , i will tell you all , for the abbé busoni himself only knew a part	80.56027221679688
of my secret ; but , i pray you , go away from that <unk> . , ” cried villefort , seizing the count by the wrist ; “ then come here ! ” <unk> ; after they got along a few paces the passage <unk> . of hearing and sight , “ that grimaud kept bad watch ! ” cried porthos , who had a great inclination to vent his ill-humor on somebody . doing ? ” inquired vampa of the sentinel . artagnan summoned the host , one of those sly <unk> who say neither yes nor no and fear to commit themselves by giving a direct answer . , some dog ’ s trick or other , and that immediately , ” said tréville .	130.28604125976562
lord , ” said the queen , with the painful doubt that is felt by those who have suffered much ; “ come , and may heaven hear you . ” , nothing about me , my lord ? ” ? ” spot standing mute and motionless . s plan . . ” the matter , my dear ? ” asked the gentleman whose name the lady ’ s agitation revealed ; “ tell me what is the matter . ” boat ? ” ! began her course they lost sight of the yacht , as it disappeared in the gulf of porto-vecchio . said mme . ? ” he asked . any answer ; he accepted the offer without enthusiasm and without regret , as one of	53.8548698425293
those <unk> of society which every gentleman looks upon as a duty . ” valet de chambre ? ” lord , that normandy should be given to madame de longueville , with five hundred thousand francs and full absolution . them , sire ? morcerf , “ it is only a quarter past ten , and i expect someone else . ” absolute mistress of your actions , and may go abroad or remain in your apartments as may seem most agreeable to you . contemplation , during which his face became pale and his hair seemed to stand on end , he sprang towards the door , crying out : passed by <unk> in one rapid and <unk> course . caught fire , and they were obliged	103.67481231689453
to let go their hold in order to preserve themselves from sharing the same fate . , — “ do you hope the assassin will be tried ? ” not prevent his asking , with the greatest coolness , after his majesty ’ s health . ears of the cardinal and alarmed him greatly . monk , grimaud became pale . in what you say ; nevertheless , do not believe that it is madame de longueville with whom i am in love . ” sir , but we are told that a battle is expected and we do not wish to arrive the day after it . ” has a very comfortable one all the same , so they say . ” restrain a smile . would	74.33655548095703
be on his way . edmond to himself , “ this is a terrible relapse ! the old man , by closing his eyes ; but his appearance manifested increasing uneasiness . , the king will have no further resources in england or in scotland ; and if he is not captured or killed , he will endeavor to pass over into france to recruit soldiers and to <unk> himself with arms and money . to look constantly to their own proper safety ; milady was a phantom which , when it had once appeared to people , did not allow them to sleep very quietly . , brought the <unk> and coffee , and disappeared . never say what may happen ; at present we and these	144.25848388671875
gentlemen are excellent friends . ” you all , and i will tell you all . of information , then ? ” fix ? ” asked the president . come into the hands of milady clarik ? running through the streets and knocking at doors , aramis had joined his companions ; so that on returning home d ’ artagnan found the <unk> complete . the barriere des <unk> , the sentinel cried out , “ who ’ s there ? ” and d ’ artagnan <unk> first asked the word of the <unk> “ louis and <unk> ” after which he inquired if lieutenant comminges were not the commanding officer at the <unk> . , after having first run his eye over that part of the deed	115.71028900146484
in which were specified the situation of the house and the names of the <unk> . my doing so , sir , ” said baptistin . d ’ artagnan . cucumetto aroused his men , and gave the word to march . young man eagerly . that room . , ” replied athos ; “ for by this time she must have quit the shores of france . ” in any way ? ’ s face . to my health ! i did my duty . fere lodges in the rue guenegaud , hotel du grand roi charlemagne . ” ” asked mazarin . my dear fellow , how one <unk> bad habits in these cursed convents , or what evil ways all these men of the church	85.80480194091797
have , with whom i am obliged to live . ” resumed the englishman , “ are these men of yours dangerous ? ” pensive , permitted himself to be dragged along in this way ; it looked a race of phantoms . used to have ! ” seen the glistening muskets of half a dozen soldiers . , charles i . , full of hopes of future favor , he was resolved not to recoil a step . name , i think ? ” the swiss , who had needed a little time to take in d ’ artagnan ’ s proposal , “ pooh ! ” our friends . honor . ” soul of the frightened cardinal , anne became alarmed in her turn and would	112.5055923461914
have recalled comminges . ; you are a man of genius and you know your worth . vicomte till grimaud <unk> you . a sort of excitement which she could not quite understand , had crossed edward ’ s room without noticing some trick of the child , and through her own had reached the little staircase . . the pistols from the saddle he had quit to the one he was about to fill , but he found the holsters furnished with similar pistols . . <unk> of nature , this king of the creation ! ” i find fault with . faria , seeing that the inspector was about to depart , “ it is not absolutely necessary for us to be alone ; the governor	117.24665069580078
can be present . ” ? ” have been some other one than this ; as if there was not another house at auteuil than that of the assassination ! ” i will not appear to <unk> with rebels . ” at brussels . ” a <unk> between my chamber and milady ’ s ; every word that is uttered in one can be heard in the other . ” was a clerk , morcerf was a mere fisherman . ” required of me . offer ? ” said the host . haydée was standing pale , motionless , looking at the count with an expression of fearful amazement . scotchman ! ” was grimaud ’ s <unk> reply . produced and distributed project gutenberg™ ebooks with only	79.4348373413086
a loose network of volunteer support . ” asked villefort quickly . worthy <unk> of lucca , a descendant of the cavalcanti of florence , ’ ” continued monte cristo , reading aloud , “ ‘ possessing an income of half a million . ’ ” said . ; have what you will ; ” and he made a sign to franz to take what he pleased . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i know him now . ? ” monte cristo , “ i make three <unk> in <unk> , second-rate , and third-rate fortunes . monsieur ; but out of the regard i have for you , i have taken the resolution to tell you so . ” gave you a fourth of my	66.39590454101562
<unk> , i think you owe me a fourth of my losses ; the fourth of 700,000 francs is 175,000 francs . ” ” said the executioner ; “ if this dagger is withdrawn i shall die . ” grimaud . sire , is quite out of the ordinary conditions of a duel . of my arrest has been foreseen , and should i not have returned by to-morrow , at a certain hour the next day the cardinal will be brought to paris and delivered to the parliament . ” system , neither <unk> nor <unk> him . . ” house of <unk> , one of the best in florence . ” man to forget a <unk> until he has settled account with the <unk> ; and	80.8117446899414
the <unk> appears to me to have the air of being a certain young gascon of my acquaintance . ” damages - except for the “ right of replacement or refund ” described in paragraph 1.f.3 , the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , the owner of the project gutenberg™ trademark , and any other party distributing a project gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement , <unk> all liability to you for damages , costs and expenses , including legal fees . does not know paris , ” said athos , “ and to whom the viscount will show the way . ” surprise and said : ; i deliver them to you without <unk> . forty to forty-five years , but he seemed at least fifty ,	128.51690673828125
and his black moustache and eyebrows contrasted strangely with his almost white hair , which was cut short , in the military fashion . the opinion of comminges , who withdrew somewhat reassured . was not at home , ” repeated the valet . drew aside the curtain , and leaning over the pillow gazed intently on valentine . he wanted , he paid for the <unk> , which he did not drink , and went quickly back to the rue tiquetonne . m. de tréville himself . chevalier d ’ herblay , ” he said , “ are the fronde <unk> . nature are above other <unk> from heaven courage to support greater misfortunes than those of lower rank , for their hearts are elevated as their	138.0556182861328
fortunes . notice of this incident ? ’ m. de morcerf turned pale , and clenched his hands on the papers he held . put down his helm , in order to leave la pianosa to <unk> , as he knew that he should <unk> his course by two or three knots . he thinks . d ’ artagnan , “ you shall judge of him for yourself . ? ” asked he , by a gesture . ” he said ; “ but where can i get a chisel to take the planks out , a gimlet to pierce the cask ? ” . ” may laugh , but as long as we were within gunshot of the pier or of the vessels lying by it i	81.50837707519531
was looking for a frightful discharge of <unk> which would crush us . ” but the walls were solid rock , a man was sitting reading at the only outlet to the cell , and behind that man <unk> armed with guns continually passed . do so , monseigneur , ” replied the gascon , with a noble confidence . , therefore , to get off their horses and take a boat ; and in that strange manner they approached the louvre . antoine ? ” asked the governor . capital of a theatre on the boulevard , or a <unk> from the <unk> des <unk> to la <unk> . ” at seeing him . his conviction , mme . aramis , with an absent air ; “	84.75275421142578
yes , that poor duchess ! the other end of the cavern , and sat down by selim . , combined with an astonishing quickness and readiness of <unk> ; the <unk> turn of his mind rendered him <unk> at all kinds of calculation , while his naturally poetical feelings threw a light and pleasing veil over the dry reality of arithmetical <unk> , or the rigid severity of <unk> . governor , touched with pity , might order him to be removed to better quarters , and thus separate him from his young companion . the one next to it , and as the door will remain open it comes to the same thing . to monsieur for the crown he has given me , and i	198.71109008789062
promise him to follow his instructions exactly ; but it is not the less true that letters which come in this way into <unk> <unk> ” one way to the piazza del popolo , and we will go another ; and , if you please , by the corso . such a degree as i approached the thicket , that i took a pistol from my pocket and armed myself . us go on . ” by me—a large one , made of red silk . ” caderousse , “ but how ? ” let us leave these facts alone , and reason coolly . by all the vengeance that the followers of the usurper exercised on the partisans of the king , when , in their turn	99.68588256835938
, they were in power , your brother would be today , in all probability , condemned to death . you love your family , madame coquenard , ” said the procurator , with a smile that was almost <unk> . always on horseback , like the lowest <unk> of the army , cast a pensive glance over those works , so slowly keeping pace with his wishes , which the <unk> , brought from all the corners of france , were executing under his orders , if he met a musketeer of the company of tréville , he drew near and looked at him in a peculiar manner , and not recognizing in him one of our four companions , he turned his penetrating look and profound	108.40678405761719
thoughts in another direction . <unk> leading from the waste ground to the street was noiselessly opened , and a tall , powerful young man appeared . knots an hour . <unk> , ” replied the cardinal , in the same tone . toward the door , used to call out : “ halloo ! villefort , “ nothing further is required . doubts as to the nature of the conference ; he therefore quickly went to the gate in the <unk> , prepared to hear the result of the proceedings , and very certain that valentine would hasten to him the first moment she should be set at liberty . guilty person , am i not ? ” said maximilian . haydée be informed that i have	87.82545471191406
returned . ” . franz . t know what hotel it is ; all i do know is that i observed some suspicious looking people go in <unk> ” to betray me ? ” ! of that interrogator ? ” asked aramis . count went to haydée ’ s apartments , told her his intention , and resigned everything to her care . . ” found that the house in the champs-élysées is his own property , and certainly it was very decently kept up . it is ; say no more about it . ” entertain the haughty idea that i have not yet made you an offer equal to your value ? ” asked the cardinal , with a smile of disdain . in the secretaire	80.6559829711914
in my bedroom . ” , and four or five days after i have received them i shall be in paris . ” 1 to $ 5,000 ) are particularly important to <unk> tax exempt status with the <unk> . thanks ! ” cried athos , extending his hand to the lieutenant . with surprise and expectation , for it was the first time that any man , except monte cristo , had been accorded an entrance into her presence . her real name ? ” asked felton , in a sharp tone . . the governor . signor aladdin , ” replied the singular <unk> , “ you heard our repast announced , will you now take the trouble to enter the dining-room , your humble servant	101.52944946289062
going first to show the way ? ” grammont ? ” previous evening at nîmes , and , at the very door of the house where he was about to demand hospitality , he had been assassinated . blue ribbon in your pocket ? ” on the letter . have said . ” <unk> coffee , we seem to have forgotten it , ” and he conducted the guests back to the table on the lawn . i placed grimaud at the other <unk> , and here i am . , though not so many as is said ; but these thieves stand in far more dread of a <unk> than a lord . owe this gracious prince ! of the landing . that the queen and he	103.27667999267578
did not see each other ? ” ” said the colonel ; “ every one has yielded . ” here ? ” asked the count , seeing him covered with dust ; “ i did not send for you , i think ? ” the louvre ; i will give in my resignation as captain of the king ’ s musketeers to take a <unk> in the cardinal ’ s guards , and if he refuses me , _morbleu ! _ i will turn abbé . ” the owner of the project gutenberg™ trademark , but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation . , the duc de beaufort <unk> the house and library of mazarin , in order	43.49843978881836
to give the populace , as he put it , something to <unk> at . aramis ? ” would become of me ? ” something fresh aboard . ” ’ preparation ; at the end of that time i shall come and say to you , ‘ the assertion is false , and i retract it , ’ or ‘ the assertion is true , ’ when i shall immediately draw the sword from its sheath , or the pistols from the case , whichever you please . ” ’ artagnan , picking up a louis and displaying it ; “ here ’ s a louis that <unk> <unk> of straw . ” ’ artagnan and porthos the two soldiers had been found bound and gagged . hesitation	99.09215545654297
, dantès entered the second grotto . follow mazarin ’ s counsels and to have me tried . ” said the old man . true as the gospel , ” said porthos ; “ i heard her with my own ears . ” dear maximilian , do not make a hasty resolution , i entreat you . ” the slightest inconvenience . ” carried off 3,000 crowns from here the other day ? ” , the second point cleared up , or nearly so , ” said eugénie , without the least confusion , and with that masculine <unk> which distinguished her gesture and her language ; “ and you appear satisfied with the explanation . that word , ” returned the young man ; “ it is	72.63740539550781
at once cruel and unjust . bethune ! ” murmured the young monk , <unk> back and showing on his countenance the feeling of repugnance which his penitent inspired . , at last ! , each with a good heart , a good arm and a sword at the service of those who wanted it . ” ) to god , ” said m. de tréville ; “ for i know no one except god who can be so far above your majesty . ” a very mild disposition , and being , likewise , of which monseigneur perhaps is not aware , about to enter into orders , i endeavored to <unk> my comrades , when one of these wretches gave me a wound with a sword	109.55611419677734
, <unk> , across my left arm . a native of the universal country was apparent in the fact of his knowing no other italian words than the terms used in music , and which like the “ <unk> ” of <unk> , served all possible <unk> requirements . hand . there came to him an <unk> who said something to which i paid no attention , but which he always answered in the same tone of voice , either ‘ kill , ’ or ‘ pardon . ’ ” , as if he came from <unk> an enemy and not frenchmen . . ” your ancestors have traced for you , ” said albert gallantly . ” be done ? ” not in your head , porthos	138.1337890625
, ” said his friend . now : to find one woman , you court another . in the worthy picard , at one time so great , diminished day by day . to the count ’ s forehead as this thought passed through his mind . feel ! ” exclaimed the man with gray hair . we will put simply , _my lord , do you remember a certain little enclosure where your life was spared ? _ ” ill , dear voiture ? ” asked aramis , half hidden by the window curtain . is quite necessary , ” replied madame de villefort , with all a mother ’ s real firmness . duke , opening the door of the chapel , “ patrick ! ”	122.55406188964844
his confidential valet appeared . charity , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ not to lead one ’ s neighbors into temptation . ” had come , as he had , to try the port wine , effaced himself behind his cask and consoled himself with the reflection that if he were discovered the crime was not a great one . ! ” king might escape . ” bertuccio relative to the <unk> and <unk> he desired to make in the house , the count , drawing out his watch , said to the attentive nubian : ; but as if they likewise mistrusted each other , they kept their respective distances . i believe they <unk> count of monte cristo . ” dreamed , without sleeping	110.1815414428711
. resolved on depriving the prisoners of their last chance , and making them understand that they were condemned to perpetual imprisonment , a new misfortune <unk> them ; the gallery on the sea side , which had long been in ruins , was <unk> . to see him , but his door was closed ; and , although i was certain he was at home , he would not make any answer . in his thigh , which had broken the bone . ” resumed milady , “ for by the side of base and contemptible men there are often found great and generous natures . believe athos to be capable of a deception , but he sought an excuse for not going to the rendezvous .	128.51759338378906
artagnan became more cautious also . to the threshold of the hotel . the commission and returned it to d ’ artagnan , to the great astonishment of the young man . ” ’ s pardon for keeping you waiting , ” said the man , in the roman dialect , “ but i don ’ t think i ’ m many minutes after my time , ten o ’ clock has just struck by the clock of saint john <unk> . ” , rising in the stirrups and looking about him , “ which , i wonder , is the lightning ? ” of the crime with which you are charged ? ” like the one mercédès desired , that she turned away to give vent to	72.507080078125
a sigh , which sounded more like a groan . to his own home , ” said d ’ artagnan , as if he had done nothing but command all his life ; “ and attention ! made in mme . ” said comminges , “ make haste ; you must obey the king . ” he said , “ since , after running after one another so long , chance has at last brought us together , let us have a little conversation , if you please . ” of sufficient rank to do me the honor of crossing swords with me ? ” is , however , less terrible than the sufferings that precede or the punishment that possibly will follow . so , d ’	94.27113342285156
artagnan ? ” the bed as they moved the corpse , heard the voice of the governor , who asked them to throw water on the dead man ’ s face ; and seeing that , in spite of this application , the prisoner did not recover , they sent for the doctor . rank of sergeant in the piedmont regiment . courage will render unnecessary the aid of the police , whose interference might seriously affect him who sends this advice . , by avarice , and by self-love ; but i was base , and for want of courage acted against my judgment . one another in a state of <unk> . have to accuse myself of a fault , madame . amazement . said the	124.661376953125
count mysteriously , his eyes fixed on the corpse , <unk> by so awful a death . of the sort ; for were the gentleman a montmorency , and the diplomatist a <unk> , we will breakfast at eleven ; in the meantime , follow debray ’ s example , and take a glass of sherry and a biscuit . ” up in his cloak that it would have been impossible to see his face even if the night had not been so dark as to render precaution superfluous ; nevertheless , the keen glance of athos perceived at once it was not rogers who stood before them . place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work . his chair , which	134.9466552734375
did not escape the attention of the young man and <unk> the confidence he was about to make . back from her yellow forehead , and her eyes , already <unk> by the <unk> of age , now almost disappeared beneath the eyelids swollen with grief . had hanged her ; but then athos would tell that she was branded . descended into the room below , approached the fire and lit a candle . <unk> with fond and filial remembrances , his heart beat almost to bursting , his knees tottered under him , a mist floated over his sight , and had he not clung for support to one of the trees , he would <unk> have fallen to the ground and been crushed beneath the	130.9864501953125
many <unk> continually passing there . drawing-room , where tea was prepared . férou , within two steps of the luxembourg . must monsieur pierrefonds have , when he was so fond of eating and drinking , even whilst he was only called monsieur porthos ! ” said d ’ artagnan to himself , “ the moment for <unk> has not yet come . ” examined , and when it was discovered by his plumed hat and his laced coat , that he was an officer of the musketeers , he was surrounded , with the intention of making him cry , “ down with mazarin ! ” the demonstration did not fail to make him uneasy at first ; but when he discovered what it meant ,	112.56531524658203
he shouted it in such a voice that even the most exacting were satisfied . thomson & french set no bounds to their engagements while those of m. danglars have their limits ; he is a wise man , according to his own showing . ” milady to herself ; “ who knows ! caderousse , shaking his head . , ” said athos , “ do so . ” <unk> effect on the seaman . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan . angel whom you hoped for has left this <unk> has nothing more to do with the adoration of men . the gascon , “ you would make a distinguished general . ” request to make for yourself , mercédès ? ” them to tell you	82.52432250976562
something about my guest . ” landlord , then ? ” asked porthos . the appointment mme . was pitched by the side of the royal <unk> , a kind of corridor communicating between the two . here . ” ; but not with men . , d ’ artagnan , stand on one side , ” cried athos . , i sew up the paper in the ball and you , in your game of tennis , will send the ball into the ditch . ” and then <unk> , which someone appeared to be endeavoring to stifle . that ? ” in flowery paths . ” woman , ” said athos , coldly and sternly . ” answered the voice of her he sought . ”	66.28508758544922
said louis xviii . be three weeks then , ” said morcerf ; “ but remember , at the expiration of that time no delay or <unk> will justify you <unk> ” six pieces of five francs each in the man ’ s hand , leaped lightly on to the pathway . him , and who , with the same precautions and the same good luck , conducted him out of the louvre . ? and try if there are any means of speaking to him . ” already discovered who mazarin was , followed in profound silence . love <unk> love as a man who would give his <unk> to spare her a <unk> love valentine de villefort , who is being murdered at this moment !	109.24160766601562
d ’ artagnan . . ” ; that was the remembrance of her husband , the comte de la fère , whom she had believed dead , or at least <unk> , and whom she found again in <unk> best friend of d ’ artagnan . in her conversation with you , that your wife mentioned no names ? ” , then exclaimed : say you will see me again ? ” he asked . you have a noble heart ! ” exclaimed the queen , with a burst of gratitude ; whilst lord de winter turned to her with a glance which said , “ did i not answer for them ? ” editions not protected by u.s. copyright law means that no one owns a united	60.811187744140625
states copyright in these works , so the foundation ( and you ! ) ” groaned forth villefort , in a paroxysm of grief , which was the more terrible from the <unk> of the sensation in the iron heart of that man . , reverend sir ? memory , sir , to recollect dates so well . ” which pleases me , ” cried athos , with a gracious nod to d ’ artagnan . was obliged to believe this fatal intelligence ; laporte , detained in england , as everyone else had been , by the orders of charles i. , arrived , and was the bearer of the duke ’ s dying gift to the queen . . the emerald made them naturally incline to	104.25184631347656
the former belief . by the officer , as may well be imagined , milady on her part was not less scrutinizing in her glances . winter the fire was lighted by the discreet servant , who had the <unk> of the little apartment , and in the summer ices were placed on the table at the same hour . the country , half by the protection of her cousin , half through what we have personally done for her , we shall obtain from the queen what we desire . believing himself worthy of st. paul or of the place de <unk> ; it was at the traitor ’ s cross that his journey and his destiny were about to end ! . milady ’ s .	129.6714630126953
” if that should come to the ears of the king ; and as the wound is very serious , seeing that after crossing the shoulder it <unk> into the chest , it is to be <unk> ” ” said he to them , “ what a <unk> color the moon has to-night ? ” assembled answers to the name of edmond dantès ? ” preceding operations in england might have been discovered . offer your <unk> and mine to madame de saint-remy . and uneasy , awaited the return of debray in the little green room , seated between two baskets of flowers , which she had that morning sent , and which , it must be confessed , debray had himself arranged and watered with so	148.1492156982422
much care that his absence was half excused in the eyes of the poor woman . ? ” said morrel . had followed their example , thus <unk> the views of the four friends , who preferred having them close at hand to chasing them about the chamber . the rapidity with which the blessings of this world leave us . i must confess , more skilful . ” . joyfully replied the italian ; “ yes , i am really he . ” his clothes , in order to be certain that the duke would not stir . <unk> the countenance of milady ; but this expression was fleeting as the reflection of lightning . you , when you were fulfilling your character as a royalist ,	90.11178588867188
and cut off the head of one of my party , ‘ my son , you have committed a murder ? ’ no , i said , ‘ very well , sir , you have gained the victory ; tomorrow , perchance , it will be our turn . ’ ” ; never <unk> people owe us no <unk> . ” out leading the two horses . ” you restore me to life ! ” cried aramis . your majesty sees that they are come , quite <unk> and repentant , to offer you their excuses . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , shrugging his shoulders . , that the prisoner on the other side had ceased to labor ; no matter , this was a	68.15968322753906
greater reason for <unk> his neighbor would not come to him , he would go to his neighbor . ” murmured the minister , “ for pity ’ <unk> ” <unk> ’ ll get there . ” , ” said planchet ; “ you do not know me yet . with a party of spaniards . spada was only able to inquire of his nephew if he had received his message . sad heart from the house in which he had left mercédès , probably never to behold her again . gondy , laughing ; “ i was not aware my alms were so well invested . ” give them to you . ” i die to-morrow at ten o ’ clock ? ” esteems you so highly	86.31315612792969
, tell him that he has spoken amiss . ” of taking quarters with <unk> <unk> seems to me very reasonable , and for my part i agree to it . said athos , “ who are going to be killed , in order that monsieur de bouillon may have his estate at <unk> restored to him , that the reversion of the admiralty may be given to the duc de beaufort , and that the coadjutor may be made a cardinal . ” and breathless , within twenty paces of the ground , while the patrol passed beneath them laughing and talking . , too , ” said porthos , “ if d ’ artagnan <unk> of it . brother , i <unk> it so ; but	59.985984802246094
fortunately you are not mine . ” ” said madame de saint-méran , “ and leave me with this gentleman . ” that very spot , on the same rock , he had been violently dragged by the guards , who forced him to ascend the slope at the points of their bayonets . out of the louvre , and consulted his friends upon the use he had best make of his share of the forty pistoles , athos advised him to order a good repast at the pomme-de-pin , porthos to engage a lackey , and aramis to provide himself with a suitable mistress . was only mate , and that she belonged to the firm of morrel & son . the goldsmith , o ’ reilly	113.15680694580078
, and his assistant , were prohibited from going out under any pretext . ? ” friend , ” said beauchamp first , who had either the most feeling or the least dissimulation , “ allow me to congratulate you ; this is a very <unk> conclusion of a very disagreeable affair . ” ” murmured the wounded man . sort of oath better , ” said d ’ artagnan to himself ; then aloud , “ may i not offer my duty to her majesty the queen ? ” ’ s consolation . her mouth , and swallowed it . write , sir . d ’ artagnan , loud enough for the servant to hear him , “ are you satisfied with olivain ? ” frowning ,	69.55643463134766
but an idea that he should find something in this letter about d ’ artagnan conquered his <unk> to read it . after the entrance of madame danglars into her box , the band quitted the orchestra for the accustomed half-hour ’ s interval allowed between the acts , and the audience were left at liberty to <unk> the salon or <unk> , or to pay and receive visits in their respective boxes . my dear host ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . honor , ” said athos , “ one must be either a <unk> or a frondeur . by three nights without sleep and a journey of seventy leagues on horseback , retired to his cabin and went to sleep . word , <unk> ,	104.55452728271484
” said the abbé , “ that my intentions are good ; and that your husband can incur no risk , provided he answers me candidly . ” , sir , ” said the honest fellow , in almost breathless haste , “ but i believe you made a mistake ; you intended to give me a <unk> piece , and see , you gave me a double napoleon . ” . ” . also ; only he has remained asleep , while you have awakened ; and who knows which of you is the most fortunate ? ” athos , for amid the general fright he alone had preserved the noble calmness and coolness that never forsook him , “ monseigneur , the musketeers , when they	104.76932525634766
are not on duty , or when their duty is over , drink and play at dice , and they are certainly superior officers to their lackeys . ” s reply . ” to live upon ? ” , ” replied planchet , producing a bundle of straw . i <unk> a fact , that is all . the bishop ’ s . moment one of the greatest ladies in paris , ” replied caderousse . servants who waited in the antechamber were warned , for as soon as d ’ artagnan appeared , before even he had asked if milady were visible , one of them ran to announce him . , don ’ t you ? , ’ said the chief , ‘ i now understand	71.5850601196289
why carlini stayed behind . ’ , keep poisons in her laboratory ? ” going from palestrina to <unk> , had mistaken his way ; the young man directed him ; but as at a distance of a quarter of a mile the road again divided into three ways , and on reaching these the traveller might again stray from his route , he begged luigi to be his guide . and made a step toward the door . continued m. morrel , “ here is the _pharaon_ without a captain . ” sent to summon all the curates with whom he had any connection to his house . had pronounced had given a particular turn to d ’ artagnan ’ s deliberations ; this was the name	128.64186096191406
of madame de longueville . of his friend , dantès cast around one eager and searching glance in <unk> of the expected <unk> , but nothing more than common met his view . subject two volumes the size of this , ” continued the jesuit ; and in his enthusiasm he struck a st. <unk> in folio , which made the table bend beneath its weight . , do you not ? he said to ali , who entered : he , “ i bear to your majesty a letter from my friend the count de guiche , who told me he had the honor of being your servant ; this letter contains important news and the expression of his respect . ” , and order double the	121.75316619873047
bottles ! ” seen seated on the same chair , at the piano , accompanying themselves , each with one hand , a fancy to which they had accustomed themselves , and performed admirably . be found ? ” ” said the count ; “ are you not the marquis bartolomeo cavalcanti ? ” , then , and the foolish fellow lost all he had ? ” , he remained perfectly insensible to the enthusiasm of the two men in black . said aramis , “ they well may raise a scaffold , but they can not make an executioner . ” the city was at an extremity ; but instead of adding , “ if your succor does not arrive within fifteen days , we will surrender	102.13813018798828
, ” it added , quite simply , “ if your succor comes not within fifteen days , we shall all be dead with hunger when it comes . ” the little door was opened and a man entered . need of it . ” and the naked sword , the poor devil perceived he had to deal with a man . man was ! ” cried the young officer . , belonging to the church , now receive me in the dress of an officer , with a sword at his side and spurs to his boots ? ” soft voice which sounded at the foot of her bed . the terrible <unk> threw her whole soul , completed the trouble which had seized the heart of	89.00747680664062
the young officer . except that his beard has turned gray and his hair is white ; do you know him ? ” asked the host . probability his <unk> would not permit him to depart yet awhile . wear your uniform ; that will look very well . like . ” arms for grimaud were purchased , athos had not a sou left of his hundred and fifty pistoles . count . ideas became again <unk> could think , and strengthen his thoughts by reasoning . and had you not come i must have set off without you , for general cromwell expects my return impatiently . ” why these bars and these doors ? were , and was informed that they had passed the night in	155.9110870361328
the inn , and were then <unk> their bill with the host . it was called at the palais , and by people in general , had produced a tremendous sensation . ” said athos . be alarmed ; i have been so for many <unk> ” <unk> as she was , the young girl knew that this was an opportunity to leave , and besides , madame de villefort came to her assistance . said felton , “ the baron de winter wrote to you the other day to request you to sign an order of embarkation relative to a young woman named charlotte backson . ” the englishman . fell into infamous hands . my lord . ” escape the history and explanation which would be	69.16748046875
sure to confirm his belief in his friend ’ s mental <unk> , glided like a snake along the narrow passage ; while faria , restored by his alarm to a certain amount of activity , pushed the stone into place with his foot , and covered it with a <unk> in order the more effectually to avoid discovery . ” asked grimaud . madame , you must ; and i will save them all . ” is not a man . ” today , the price would have fallen to <unk> , and instead of gaining 300,000 francs , he would have lost 20 or 25,000 . ” ” said porthos . old man was so strange that , instead of being the result of the power	98.66587829589844
of his will , it might emanate from enfeebled organs . paces from them the prince turned around to the soldiers : ‘ comrades , ’ he said , ‘ you are about to suffer a furious discharge ; but after that you will make short work with those <unk> ’ there was such dead silence that friends and enemies could have heard these words ; then raising his sword , ‘ sound trumpets ! ’ he cried . ” ” since we can not perform the journey in less than seven or eight hours , do not keep me waiting . ” bazin . , ” she said . night , they intend me to be <unk> . sir ; the servants who fled from the house	107.23611450195312
informed me . but it was his servant who this time put the letter in the post . ” de tréville , touched more than ever by his paternal solicitude for his musketeers . the door , for you know that last night my lord punished a soldier for having quit his post for an instant , although i , during his absence , watched in his place . ” d ’ artagnan , putting his finger on his lips ; and he related what he had seen , watching athos all the while . , ” he said . very well , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ but i am tired of fearing when i open a fresh bottle that the wine may come from	69.77461242675781
the cellar of milady . ” my dear villefort , ” cried the comte de salvieux , “ that is exactly what i myself said the other day at the tuileries , when questioned by his majesty ’ s principal chamberlain touching the <unk> of an alliance between the son of a girondin and the daughter of an officer of the duc de condé ; and i assure you he seemed fully to comprehend that this mode of <unk> political <unk> was based upon sound and excellent principles . his aid ; his energetic spirit , that would have exalted in thus <unk> the past , was imprisoned like an eagle in a <unk> . thinking of someone i am leaving ? he die ? ” asked caderousse	116.54415893554688
in a choking voice . bertuccio , you make use of <unk> terms ; where did you study <unk> ? ” which athos possessed , concealed as it was , so skillfully , seemed to show a regard for appearances and to betray a <unk> ambition which might be easily aroused . why did you not teach me to swim ? ” d ’ artagnan . thought d ’ artagnan , “ ’ tis our road likewise ; we will go together . ” the little group amongst which the king stood . hands he played with the louis , bending and <unk> them again , as if they were made of <unk> . ; but when seeing her so lovely and her brother so pious , nobody	102.73683166503906
thought of asking whence they came . what actually took place : one evening after an <unk> in <unk> ’ s apartment at the tuileries with the duc d ’ <unk> , <unk> , de <unk> and others , the duc d ’ <unk> proposed that we should go and pull cloaks on the pont neuf ; that is , you know , a diversion which the duc d ’ orleans made quite the fashion . ” d ’ artagnan . and on the stairs met madame morrel , who had been afraid to go up into the study . you , indeed ? ” cried he , raising his head with quick anxiety ; “ pray , let me know what it is you have discovered ?	87.70283508300781
” that the children , women , and old men whom they allowed to die were their sons , their wives , and their fathers , and that it would be more just for everyone to be reduced to the common misery , in order that equal conditions should give birth to unanimous resolutions . retreated a second step . reflected . at the sensation her observation produced , looked down and resumed her air of naivete . is unquestionably a man of first-rate breeding and knowledge of the world . ” , as i have told monseigneur , he found the door of the cellar stairs behind him , and as the door was open , he took out the key , and barricaded himself inside .	166.81353759765625
as that which had been the object of his journey was a fresh proof in support of the suspicions d ’ artagnan had conceived . demonstration for the princes , but they had risen for broussel ; they were taking the part of a plebeian and in defending broussel they instinctively felt they were defending themselves . evening . in our <unk> bonacieux ? ” didn ’ t breathe a word as to the purpose of our visit ? ” come , ” said he . , he forbade him to leave his service without his permission . given the sailor on duty an order to be on the watch with more than usual vigilance , went down into the <unk> and soon reached greenwich . . ”	106.33226776123047
. ” me have some money , can you not ? ” , ” said the cardinal . , ” replied mme . woman . ” side longer and more tender than they had been on the <unk> that m. d ’ artagnan did not love his son , who was his only offspring , but m. d ’ artagnan was a man , and he would have considered it unworthy of a man to give way to his feelings ; whereas mme . eyes filled with tears . to the duke . ” of aramis . had of judging , he could only come to one conclusion , —that the person whom he was thus watching certainly belonged to no inferior station of life . dantès hesitating	76.43236541748047
, “ has this treasure no more legitimate possessor in the world than ourselves ? ” <unk> ministers from the most <unk> , and consequently the most disturbed <unk> of paris had assembled there . thing . kill me ! ” for this money ? ” ? ” a <unk> man than his highness , though not of such high birth : he forgot to ask me to breakfast . ” unearthly sound seemed to <unk> the whole city ; one felt that something unusual and terrible was happening in all the streets , now dark as ocean ’ s most <unk> caves . to the teeth . your mistress ? the pallor and anguish expressed on his countenance momentarily increased . took his hat , as if	155.0696258544922
it had been his intention to obey , then , opening quickly the door of a large closet instead of that leading to the staircase , he buried himself amid the robes and dressing <unk> of milady . at work in his library , but he expects you , sir , ” replied the valet . would take too much time and i am thirsty . group of which her husband formed the centre . for the rue férou , and even exceeded it ; you ought to be satisfied . ” , but met with a smooth surface ; dantès touched it , and found that it was a beam . to him , for he usually attracted a crowd of spectators in the bay before the	107.12250518798828
<unk> at marseilles when he swam there , and was <unk> declared to be the best <unk> in the port . i am going to raise an army . ” then laid his permit on the corner of the table , and having fulfilled his duty , was conducted out by d ’ avrigny . attendant , and bade her inquire whether it would be agreeable to her mistress to receive his visit . <unk> , villequier and d ’ <unk> , ” said the prince , “ recall all the troops that are on this side of the lys . upon his knees ; the child dropped from his arms , and rolled on the floor by the side of its mother . vast <unk> filled with	79.54339599609375
spectators ; the balconies of the two churches at the corner of the via del babuino and the via di <unk> were <unk> ; the steps even seemed a <unk> sea , that was impelled towards the portico ; every niche in the wall held its living statue . am not at liberty to tell you , gentlemen ; you must trust to me . ” a single word . hope were <unk> whether they should proceed any further , when all at once a circle of smoke enveloped the giant of stone , and a dozen balls came whistling around d ’ artagnan and his companions . house . ” hotel with as much caution as eugénie used in leaving it ; she ran lightly upstairs ,	156.3285675048828
and with an <unk> heart entered her apartment , contiguous , as we know , to that of eugénie . , so chaste and so loving , which <unk> to heaven . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that a gentleman who is passing by wishes to have the honor of paying his respects to the comte de la fere , and if thou art satisfied with what thou <unk> , then mention my name ! ” ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . my faith , ” said athos , “ it must be acknowledged that this englishman is worthy of being loved . understand that he had gained the crown of his ambition and that the <unk> <unk> he <unk> was in his eyes as	55.6219596862793
honorable a distinction as the marshal ’ s baton which condé threw , or did not throw , into the enemy ’ s line of battle at <unk> . need of me , ” replied the coadjutor , bowing , “ her majesty knows i am at her command . ” a frightful story to me . ” ” time in useless compliments . ” strength , drink ! ” and she put the glass to the lips of the young woman , who drank mechanically . the king . has certain reasons for not going to court . ” , ” murmured the commissary ; “ _pardieu_ , that ’ s true . ” ? ” asked aramis . m. de tréville ; “ shall i give	65.73824310302734
you counsel , good counsel , the counsel of a friend ? ” , and will not give me credit for anything ; but let me hear this second proof , which you yourself own to be absurd . ” child ’ s birth ? ” the governor , “ i believe it will be requisite , notwithstanding your certainty , and not that i doubt your science , but in discharge of my official duty , that we should be perfectly assured that the prisoner is dead . ” gives them into our hands , ” answered groslow . the sloop . we would be to each other as two voices , two shadows . ” grimaud to bring a glass for d ’ artagnan , and	88.8676986694336
grimaud obeyed as usual . with a sentiment of uneasiness whether planchet , who alone could give them information , was alive or dead , that the friends returned to the place royale ; to their great surprise they found the citizens still <unk> there , drinking and bantering each other , although , doubtless , <unk> by their families , who thought they were at charenton in the thickest of the fighting . order not to show by his honest round face what was passing in his mind . do know him , ” cried julie , “ can you tell us where he <unk> we can find him ? rendered the happiest of men , do not see him . ” , and put you in	131.1458282470703
prison ; if at the end of three or four months you are set at liberty , the ring will be lost , or a false stone , worth three francs , will be given you , instead of a diamond worth 50,000 or perhaps <unk> francs ; from which you must allow that one runs considerable risk in purchasing . ’ in another respect , which is in thinking that if we were to meddle in politics there could not be a better time than the present . ” that all went well . you asked for a place at my window ; you shall have it ; but let us first sit down to table , for here comes the servant to inform us that breakfast	150.0826416015625
is ready . ” o ’ clock the road of chaillot is quite deserted ; you might as well go and ride in the forest of <unk> . ” business . ” now here are <unk> francs payable shortly ; they are all signed by you , and assigned to our house by the <unk> . ” host and a fresh horse . , if this be the case , —if you can no longer weep , if your frozen heart be dead , if you put all your trust in god , then , maximilian , you are <unk> not complain . ” replied d ’ artagnan . of light which enters by my window , ” said the abbé , “ and then observe the lines	90.82646179199219
traced on the wall . ; she told me to wait , and i waited . ” rays of a star , and the walls , dug into <unk> , which were arranged one above the other in the shape of coffins , showed that they were at last in the catacombs . was not dead . is ! ” then putting his face to the lowered blinds , he said : reply , but her lover could plainly hear her sobs and tears . to reflect ; for instead of allowing his first impulse , which had been to go straight to lord de winter , to carry him away , he leisurely descended the staircase , left the palace with his head down , mounted his	98.98131561279297
horse , which he <unk> in at the corner of the rue richelieu , and with his eyes fixed on the gate , waited until the queen ’ s carriage had left the court . ” replied the duke . man , ” said villefort . am <unk> . ” all that he had seen and heard . , so you see you must have been interesting . for of all <unk> which you could choose that will be the most agreeable to her taste . ” he is actually insolent over the <unk> already offered me his <unk> , as if he were a grand personage , and <unk> me a loan of money , as though he were a banker . ” have to say to	50.08930969238281
him ? ” said danglars , laughing in his turn . ” bertuccio , without answering , pointed to villefort with something of the gesture <unk> uses to point out <unk> . up in you i am sure . soon appeared to become earnest ; for when albert and franz again encountered the carriage with the <unk> , the one who had thrown the violets to albert , clapped her hands when she beheld them in his button-hole . proudly ; as to teresa , her eyes sparkled when she thought of all the fine <unk> and gay jewellery she could buy with this purse of gold . share of the venture , ” said edmond , “ to remain with me ? ” escort me home .	142.05230712890625
unprotected by copyright law in the united states and you are located in the united states , we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying , distributing , performing , displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed . project gutenberg literary archive foundation who had never seriously thought of this impossible duel , endeavored to turn the conversation ; but he could not succeed . still retained that vacancy of expression which prevented his son from obtaining any knowledge of the feelings which were passing in his mind ; he listened , nothing more . the duke , “ she has her reasons . ” <unk> to me some one of these events	91.96206665039062
in history , ” said milady , “ perhaps i should partake of your confidence as to the future . ” ) has not left bourges , and the <unk> is in the enjoyment of profound peace . but my tongue was frozen . the golden <unk> , if you are still in the <unk> . ” do so , ” said the young man , with a quickness which gave proof of his ready invention . to me ? short by six feet . ” , promising to be in frosinone in less than an hour . that the french <unk> d ’ <unk> was robbed six months ago within five hundred paces of <unk> ? ” let us hasten up ; it was in valentine ’	71.68158721923828
s room . ” said d ’ artagnan , his eyes <unk> , “ battle ! ” about me . ” , ” stammered the mercer , more dead than alive , “ at your service . ” the table ; he endeavored to introduce it into the mouth of the patient , who , in the midst of his convulsions , was making vain attempts to <unk> ; but the jaws were so clenched that the pen could not pass them . ? ” it . ” ” cried villefort , clutching his hair , “ yes ! ” said the traveller , ‘ take these two venetian <unk> and give them to your bride , to make herself a pair of <unk> . ’ no .	46.74375915527344
arms nor password , we <unk> ’ t take fifty steps in the court without knocking against a sentinel . ” comrades . ” by maximilian and emmanuel . . sixty thousand francs income . one of the previous speakers , “ as he was a churchman , they may go to some expense in his behalf . ” young man that the moment would not long be delayed , had alone kept him in the service of a <unk> service in which , he said , his soul was in constant <unk> . us faces of different officers in the royal army ; is not that the duc de chatillon himself coming toward us with his <unk> ? ” i am to deposit four millions for my	117.30358123779297
share ; the four millions , i promise you , will produce ten or twelve . ” , and the chief inclined his head in sign of <unk> . was put at the head of this sudden and new business . be a <unk> on my name and my honor . ” a minute . go on ; it was impossible . implore you on my <unk> me die , and my last sigh shall be a blessing for my preserver . ” bertuccio ; you will supply the want of the evening papers . ” number of other ways including checks , online payments and credit card donations . yes ! ” count de guiche , ” continued the young man ; “ my father is the	93.56083679199219
marechal de grammont ; and now that you know who i am , do me the honor to inform me who you are . ” play the part in france that cromwell plays in england ? ” , maximilian ? ” asked valentine . ! ” said kitty , “ you know how to represent things in such a way that you are always in the right . , ” said athos , “ i wish to speak to the king . ” precisely the feeling which i experienced when i first saw that extraordinary man . ” i know how good a son you are , so now hasten away to see your father . ” cried the young woman , falling on her knees ; “	47.523345947265625
upon my soul , i am ready to die for your majesty ! ” which lasted until all the flowers were removed . have those letters ! ” though it should come from the profoundest depth of my heart , that can express my gratitude . should seek m. d ’ épinay ? ” madame , ” said the novice ; “ you have been his mistress ! ” and our only regret is to die so far from both of you . ” eat much or <unk> you have ten dishes or <unk> is always the same price . ” the young woman , “ i know you to be cowardly , avaricious , and foolish , but i never till now believed you infamous ! ”	84.91104125976562
but tell the duke himself , who can not find anything , what the report <unk> him the particulars of what the usurper is doing in his <unk> . ” ” said danglars , after he had convinced himself of the authenticity of the documents he held , and rising as if to salute the power of gold <unk> in the man before him , — “ three letters of unlimited credit ! said the curate , “ here is the person of whom i had the honor to speak to you . ” ” said the prince . <unk> , ” returned franz ; “ go and try . ” he had a packet to leave at porto-ferrajo ? ” the door , the three musketeers and	54.40364456176758
d ’ artagnan , conducted by la chesnaye , appeared at the top of the staircase . containing five hundred pistoles in gold ; make all your arrangements , and tell me where i shall be able to find you this evening at ten o ’ clock . ” the upper portion of his body through . my dear friend , if you are resolved to accompany me there is no time to lose ; the drum beats ; i observed cannon on the road ; i saw the citizens in order of battle on the place of the hotel de ville ; certainly the fight will be in the direction of charenton , as the duc de chatillon said . ” not have this <unk> of bad	63.21092987060547
places , this quarreling in the streets , this <unk> at the <unk> ; and above all , i will not have occasion given for the cardinal ’ s guards , who are brave , quiet , skillful men who never put themselves in a position to be arrested , and who , besides , never allow themselves to be arrested , to laugh at you ! were presented at his office with scrupulous exactitude , and , thanks to the delay granted by the englishman , were paid by cocles with equal punctuality . the church of st. louis <unk> <unk> . south , he was a man of <unk> habits and moderate desires , but fond of external show , vain , and <unk> to display	142.1407928466797
. invited you to join them at the piano ? ” said danglars to andrea . yet of the conspiracy , monsieur ; all the papers found have been sealed up and placed on your desk . that valentine did not know she had left the room . difficult . ” you <unk> last night , my young master ? my boy ? ” cried the distracted mother , rushing toward villefort ; “ i kill my son ? . it . ” that is true ! ” cried the owner , greatly delighted . grateful , monsieur , if you will , at some future time , renew your offer , but i have been flattered with the hope of being introduced to the countess , and	85.27024841308594
i will therefore wait . ” , be a military ambuscade , as the ball was not of the regular <unk> . luxuries of such a repast , which he called an excess , felt the want of a <unk> . <unk> of all these men . nevertheless i believe she runs some great peril from which your grace alone can extricate her . ” gardener i effectually screen our meetings from all suspicion or danger . ” tell them his name ? were mounted , they were soon far in advance of their servants , and arrived at crèvecœur . us when we were four together . jump on shore ; and had he dared , he would , like <unk> brutus , have “ kissed his	198.9590301513672
mother <unk> ” it was dark , but at eleven o ’ clock the moon rose in the midst of the ocean , whose every wave she silvered , and then , “ ascending high , ” played in <unk> of pale light on the <unk> hills of this second <unk> . that a letter has been written by you during the day ; he knows that it has not yet been sent to its address . some design against me , reverend sir . ” there ; the four gentlemen stopped near them ; at a sign from athos , porthos and d ’ artagnan sat down , the two others stood in front of them . with all my strength , and doubtless opposed , weak	104.06743621826172
as i was , a long resistance , for i heard him cry out , ‘ these miserable puritans ! , ” replied the abbé ; “ his right name was noirtier de villefort . ” cried guitant . ” interrupted d ’ artagnan . cæsar borgia soon found <unk> for their appointments . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i wished to speak of you , but i find you so completely detached from everything ! , wonderful men , ” said the king ; “ if such things had been related to me i should not have believed them . ” be satisfied ; nobody saw her , ” replied d ’ artagnan , and he related to m. de tréville how the affair	61.923973083496094
came to pass . what more does athos say ? ” him he appeared to me like an old lieutenant who had grown <unk> under his <unk> . in the evening all was ready , and at ten minutes past seven they doubled the <unk> just as the beacon was kindled . of his new duties , deigned to explain to the two gentlemen that he was ordered to take up his position on the place royale with two hundred men , forming the rear of the army of paris , and to march on charenton when necessary . with increasing terror that pale face , framed with black hair and whiskers , the only expression of which was icy <unk> . abbé ; “ edmond related to	149.9681854248047
me everything until the moment when he was arrested in a small cabaret close to marseilles . ” replied porthos . ? —of what ? ” the chamber destined for him , and which , at the end of half an hour , was transformed into a <unk> . him into the capital . minister ’ s . glances at the remains of my supper . ” added monte cristo , “ that he is on the eve of entering into a sort of speculation already in <unk> in the united states and in england , but quite <unk> in france . ” mm . i left him , i seem to have lost my senses . exclaimed everyone . queen henrietta maria , accompanied by an english	78.04502868652344
noble , is entering the palais royal at this moment . ” with him in normandy ; only three days since we looked on him as our best friend . ” that is necessary , ” said athos ; “ now for my idea . ” , ” she added , in a voice full of emotion , “ you render me a much greater service than you imagine . ” , and replied coldly : by the two women . athos , “ have you not heard what d ’ artagnan said ? ” happened , friend porthos . you know about the catalane . ” me to judge . a charge ! good host ! , allowed her to remain in an attitude of nervous inquiry	65.6485595703125
. you return with me ? ” thing very difficult . ” <unk> at rome make three <unk> large , one <unk> , and one small ; and pointed out to him that by the help of a sharp instrument he could trace the letters on a slate , and thus learn to write . as my nephew , for you would be a worthy son of such a mother . ” pour the contents of the saucepan into dantès ’ plate , and dantès , after eating his soup with a wooden spoon , <unk> the plate , which thus served for every day . s of no consequence just now , ” said mme . morcerf , “ he said something about it to me .	108.36151123046875
” ” said villefort ; “ i never ceased to search and to inquire . crossed his mind that he might be separated from this unknown , whom he loved already ; and then his mind was made <unk> the jailer moved his bed and stooped to examine the opening , he would kill him with his water jug . he returned . , which a custom-house officer held by a chain , near the quay . maximilian . that all these old <unk> , these ancient <unk> , —for the cavalcanti have commanded armies and <unk> provinces , <unk> opinion , i say , is , that they have buried their millions in corners , the secret of which they have transmitted only to their eldest sons	146.93821716308594
, who have done the same from generation to generation ; and the proof of this is seen in their yellow and dry appearance , like the <unk> of the republic , which , from being constantly gazed upon , have become reflected in them . ” excellent memory ; and i will be bound that sooner than relinquish any possible means of vengeance , he will allow himself to be beaten to death . idea was that this was an <unk> gross deception , to draw his attention from a minor danger in order to expose him to a greater . mme . ! <unk> , ” said porthos . —that man ! he wished to speak . attack , and turned to caderousse , whose countenance	129.4681396484375
he scrutinized , to try and detect whether the blow was premeditated ; but he read nothing but envy in a countenance already rendered brutal and stupid by <unk> . they were doubtful whether the king ’ s visit to the parliament had been in order to <unk> or increase their <unk> ; but scarcely was it known that the taxes were to be still further increased , when cries of “ down with mazarin ! ” “ long live broussel ! ” “ long live blancmesnil ! ” resounded through the city . i must be contented to imagine it . ” the first gendarme andrea had noticed walked upstairs , preceded by the commissary of police , and supported by the second gendarme who guarded the	201.35594177246094
staircase and was himself <unk> by the one stationed at the door . his party were <unk> the street “ les bons enfants ” behind the theatre built by richelieu expressly for the play of “ <unk> , ” and in which mazarin , who was an amateur of music , but not of literature , had introduced into france the first opera that was ever acted in that country . carbine and fired it in the air , but without any idea that the noise could be heard at the distance which separated the yacht from the shore . i killed chatillon , adored of the ladies of saint germain , i am too great a celebrity not to fear a prison doubly . reflect that he	199.91896057128906
had only known the mercer ’ s pretty wife for three hours ; that she owed him nothing but a little gratitude for having delivered her from the men in black , who wished to carry her off , and that she had promised him nothing . garb of the roman peasant at holiday time . . ” said athos , “ he never left the king . ” my dear vicomte , ” said athos , laughing , “ to make bad ones ; but to make good ones increases <unk> monsieur de <unk> . , my lord , on the day when you are willing to hear my confession . ” so often told us , ‘ it was no englishman that thus saved us .	86.88660430908203
’ ” be <unk> loved ! for our three companions in particular ; for being friends of m. de tréville , they obtained from him special permission to be absent after the closing of the camp . then , come ! ” cried she , hastening away with the young man . be infamous . ” , as though to ascertain whether he spoke seriously . doublet ? ” the commissary , with an air of doubt . he was going to fight an englishman . fell ill and died . overtake him ? ” to-night ; let us withdraw . perhaps ; but for me , who engraved it myself , it is hardly worth a <unk> . ’ at the back of the carriage waited on	104.07994079589844
him ; baptistin , who rode in front , attended the count . and saw the abbess , accompanied by a young woman with light hair and delicate complexion , who fixed upon her a look full of benevolent curiosity . madame danglars , “ leave music and compliments , and let us go and take tea . ” that m. danglars make a speech at the chamber of deputies , and at his wife ’ s this evening i shall hear the tragedy of a peer of france . the gascon , trying in vain , too late , to retract the thrust . ” ’ s corpse , coming every night in my dreams , rising from the earth , and hovering over the grave with	110.2716293334961
menacing look and gesture . murmured athos . particular , astonished their comrades ; they traveled together , side by side , with sad eyes and heads lowered . felton came and placed the sentinel . , furnished in a luxurious manner they had not expected to see under the roof of signor pastrini , and were shown into an elegantly <unk> drawing-room . ” muttered anne to herself , “ by this time to remember that these men are giants . ” ” did not even <unk> with d ’ artagnan ; she gave it to him at once . to you . ” those who have wished for this demonstration and who are , perhaps , the cause of it ; but , wait , wait	124.39583587646484
! to see this wretch , leaving a long track of blood on the ground he passed over , pale with approaching death , trying to drag himself along without being seen to the body of his accomplice , which lay twenty paces from him . and in the course of the following year married mme . s just the man we want , ” said athos . maximilian , “ i recollect the project , of which i highly approved . ” ” said porthos , <unk> d ’ artagnan ’ s sigh . had not come there of itself , and that he who bore it had not concealed himself behind a hedge with any friendly intentions . same courier to our worthy friend aramis in	97.78081512451172
his convent . ” with a <unk> air than his . ” us , and took us into his house , where he speedily recalled my poor edward to life . former entrance into that very room ! signor pastrini , that i shall not believe one word of what you are going to tell us ; having told you this , begin . of these six men , traveling in silence , each plunged in his own thoughts , sad as despair , gloomy as chastisement . these women would <unk> the very devil to read them aright . courage to come down again . ” d ’ artagnan , “ is that the way you return to your apartment ? ” three , one of whom	131.98837280273438
is wounded , with the addition of a boy , ” resumed athos ; “ and yet it will not be the less said we were four men . ” chapter <unk> . , it was already night . brings you ; make the campaign like a handsome true gentleman , and think of me , who kisses tenderly your black eyes . drink , ” said athos , anxious to make it up by <unk> with d ’ artagnan , “ let us drink and get away from this hateful country . , what ‘ pull , ’ as beauchamp says , <unk> i ? us , ” observed athos , on reaching the spot where they had had a dispute with the <unk> , “ how	98.43927764892578
he would tremble at passing this ! was not right in the character of a creditor . ” fontaine , in a room hung with red damask ; my father took me in his arms , telling my mother i was dead , wrapped me in a napkin marked with an h and an n , and carried me into a garden , where he buried me alive . ” your wish should be one impossible to fulfill ? ” and in <unk> as the shadows that he felt breathe on his burning forehead . is a <unk> for the learned , ” observed d ’ artagnan , “ until now they have never been able to agree as to the situation of paradise ; some place it	132.53099060058594
on mount <unk> , others between the rivers <unk> and <unk> ; it seems that they have been looking very far away for it , while it was actually very near . i should kill my body , and you make yourself the agent of him who would kill my soul . ” to understand the language of glances , but now since the name of athos had suggested to him the same idea , he understood . work and crowded the space before the door with all the furniture in the room , as not only to make the passage impassable , but so to block the door that by no means could it open inward . moment of stupor which follows great catastrophes . unfortunate king	145.7986297607422
, monsieur de tréville ! of the <unk> ” lieutenant , their captain since the night before . , pardieu ! ” said aramis , “ the rule of the convent is very severe . ” for me beyond the ditch ? ” , my lord ! ” morrel , “ i thought this mixture , of which you now take four <unk> , was prepared for m. noirtier ? ” thrown over in which he represented to the rochellais how unjust , selfish , and <unk> was the conduct of their leaders . the contents of the letter from the island of elba , in which he was recommended to the club as a man who would be likely to advance the interests of their party .	64.93827056884766
the young man to the sentinel . the cardinal ’ s opinion . commander , it is my duty to <unk> ” and springing backward , he broke his sword across his knee to avoid the necessity of surrendering it , threw the pieces over the convent wall , and crossed his arms , whistling a cardinalist air . . ” , he fulfilled the <unk> of héloïse to the letter , <unk> his dress suit , drew on a pair of white gloves , ordered the servants to attend the carriage dressed in their full livery , and drove that same night to no . out and force it to surrender at discretion . ” felt humiliated by the <unk> and disinterestedness shown by the gascon gentleman	144.33761596679688
. yourself who have first named <unk> , her father . ” receive the king ? to present you , ” and rochefort walked on . ; he has revenged himself and has done well . will be angry with me ? ” planchet , in a mournful tone , “ do you abandon me thus to my fate ? besides the postilion . off on a full trot , urging on his horse by the blows of a <unk> , which he was in the habit of using instead of a riding whip . to be done ? ” the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete , old , middle-aged and new computers . and the marechal	109.78914642333984
entered , followed by the coadjutor . all i <unk> ... of m. de villefort ’ s , ” answered morrel , “ but i was of madame de <unk> ” albert came up to them at this moment with franz . of the french army , to say nothing of the fact that the continual presence of a captain of spahis in a place where no warlike projects could be supposed to account for it might well create surprise ; so i have become a gardener , and , consequently , adopted the costume of my calling . ” rest , between noon and one o ’ <unk> ” in the morning albert had arrived at beauchamp ’ s door . , and morrel at the same	94.35482025146484
moment darted out at the other door . and bounds , trials of strength , fancies , if i may be allowed so to term them . ” said he , “ you understand <unk> you not ? thou to do with me ? ’ as <unk> said . to defend the door <unk> ; and as , betrayed by the mistress of the inn , he could not say that aramis was absent , he endeavored to prove to the newcomer that it would be the height of indiscretion to disturb his master in his pious conference , which had commenced with the morning and would not , as bazin said , terminate before night . father , ” said <unk> “ m . were assembled and	114.90868377685547
rendered homage to their lord . give you a proof , ” replied the count , and he rang the bell . aramis , ” said d ’ artagnan , in his turn heaving a profound sigh , “ that is my story you are relating ! ” crime of which you were accused when you asked for a confessor , and the abbé busoni came to visit you at your request in the prison at nîmes . ” then , ” said fernand impatiently . singing masses has spoiled your voice . ” the tapestry closed behind athos when she said to mazarin : of <unk> , madame <unk> , lady <unk> ! ” but without delicacy ; the feet did not <unk> the woman of quality	93.92406463623047
. are always the same , athos , great and generous . of a carriage . ” worthy jailer what favor i this instant solicited of him . ” drew a smile to franz ’ s countenance ; although he could but allow that if anything was likely to induce belief in the existence of <unk> , it would be the presence of such a man as the mysterious personage before him . himself ; ” and m. dandré , announced by the <unk> , entered . , it was impossible to say ; they awaited , while gratifying the eyes , a destination unknown to their owner himself ; in the meantime they filled the place with their golden and <unk> reflections . understand it at all	158.1166534423828
. ” , sat behind . at athos , whose face betrayed all those emotions which the king , possessing more self-control , had banished from his own . moment ; mousqueton shrieked with pain . spot , pressing with his left hand something he had concealed under his coat . see . know the word must ; with that word great things are done . ” deposition ? drum should be beaten , no trumpet sounded . for it ! ” cried athos . tell me of that , aramis . ” ” said albert . milady , in a hollow , faint voice , “ what brings you back to me , and what do you want with me ? ” my word ! ” said	95.37677764892578
d ’ artagnan . <unk> road is bordered by trees on both sides . ’ , occupying the whole width of the street and taking in every musketeer they met , so that in the end it became a <unk> march . arrival , and caused her to be seized ? with madame de chevreuse , madame de longueville , and the <unk> . ” , or for albert , ” said monte cristo ; “ a dead father or husband is better than a dishonored one , <unk> <unk> out shame . ” and a convulsive tremor crept through his whole body . now , is to make my way into the jesuits ’ convent ; so to horse and let us knock at their door .	133.32958984375
, all uttered an exclamation of <unk> inhaled with delight the breeze that floated in . sometimes solicit it without being able to obtain it . least doubt of your love i would not make it , but you love me , my beautiful mistress , do you not ? ” ” soon provided with tools and he began his task . myself at once a prisoner with athos , who is already arrested , and with d ’ artagnan , who most probably will be . ” and dared not throw myself into the river . and stopped reading . said in a low voice , ‘ well , since you know the corsicans so well , you know that they always keep their word . present	103.98275756835938
itself to the banker , so fortunately become bankrupt ? <unk> , except when it is done by athos . the money he has given you . ” , observed his feelings , and guessed all . ” said madame de saint-méran , after a few minutes ’ reflection , “ i must hasten the marriage , for i have but a short time to live . ” your side , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ is as much mistaken as to our intentions as the cardinal mazarin has always been . ” i assure you , ” muttered raoul , “ it is not . ” growing discontented , you are no longer happy ; you , who only wish to live like a retired	56.750980377197266
baker . ” to inquire , ” said madame de villefort , as she arose to take her leave , “ whether you usually reside here ? ” at each other , then at the gorgeous furnishings of the apartment . this long sleep ? o ’ clock . running hand . ” going ? ” the count disappeared through the door , which noiselessly closed after him . of an intimacy of too tender a nature with coligny , who , for her sake , had been killed in a duel , in the place royale , by the duc de guise . drew away the stone , and showed teresa the grotto , lighted up by two wax lights , which burnt on each side of	86.67052459716797
a splendid mirror ; on a <unk> table , made by luigi , were spread out the pearl <unk> and the diamond pins , and on a chair at the side was laid the rest of the costume . by your actions than your name ; he is quite aware that there are two gentlemen who greatly aided the escape of monsieur de beaufort , and he has <unk> an active search for them , i can answer for it . ” be quick , for we have scarcely ten minutes more to pass together . ” porthos . cried aramis , <unk> . personally ? ” asked the governor . glance at d ’ artagnan which said , “ see how i suffer on your account !	81.2160873413086
” by certain signs , to recognize a door , and approaching that door , “ and now , monsieur , ” said she , “ it is here i have business ; a thousand thanks for your honorable company , which has saved me from all the dangers to which , alone , i was exposed . dear du vallon , it is a great honor for the comte de la fere , and gives good reason to hope . recollect , arrested in a tavern , in company with a great many <unk> ” then he added , “ monsieur , you may rest assured i shall perform my duty <unk> , and that if he be innocent you shall not have <unk> to me in	83.64553833007812
vain ; should he , however , be guilty , in this present epoch , impunity would furnish a dangerous example , and i must do my duty . ” word , what are you going to do ? ” asked she . ” said vampa , instantly appearing ; “ what do you want ? ” sentiment affected all the guests on entering the dining-room . danglars , whom fernand seemed most anxious to avoid , had joined him in a corner of the room . i still doubt . ” the young woman , “ you weary me very much , i assure you , with your questions . ” answered the captain , “ our felucca . ” always love you . one except major	79.29432678222656
bartolomeo cavalcanti and his son . ” pierrefonds he was at saint germain . seemed to awaken a new throng of ideas , which sprang up with the flying <unk> of the sea . <unk> me from this dilemma , —the one by a mysterious escape , managed through <unk> ; the other by <unk> off my judges with gold . madame ; i create nothing . the old man and made him inhale a powerful <unk> . with it , will you not ? ” me , rascal , you will be hanged to-morrow . ” ” said lord de winter , with contempt . the body in the sack was going on . . ” ” replied debray ; “ you can not make me believe	80.85749053955078
that ; on the contrary , you were in excellent spirits when you arrived at the count ’ s . he sent by a messenger , for <unk> , who sold it to me for a <unk> . ” soon be called so generally . ” the guards immediately sprang forward , and two other soldiers having joined them , the number was deemed sufficient . count of monte cristo as he entered , “ i pray you excuse me for suffering my visit to be anticipated ; but i feared to disturb you by presenting myself earlier at your apartments ; besides , you sent me word that you would come to me , and i have held myself at your disposal . ” expecting the postilion	82.2234878540039
to come and demand payment with the termination of his stage . to his own room . work , many <unk> must be <unk> and many swords broken . , ” said he , “ to the louvre without losing an instant , and let us endeavor to see the king before he is prejudiced by the cardinal . i was in prison ? ” words , which is all that is absolutely necessary , although i believe there are nearly one hundred thousand in the <unk> . ! ” cried the host . fine , dear aramis , ” murmured d ’ artagnan . porthos , whilst athos approached d ’ artagnan . friend ! ” he cried , “ what bad <unk> for my horses here	49.17771530151367
. ” governor ? ” the captain ; “ it is a fire . ” of infamy . ” friend ! ” said peppino ; “ but where is the captain ? ” oppose them , —you , whose mind is so quick , and whose will is so firm are nevertheless , as weak and <unk> to the contest as i am myself . , ” said louvieres , presenting his <unk> musket to the officer . of royal blood , madame , ” said d ’ artagnan . ? ” try to speak to aramis himself . with blood ! and examine ? ” ’ t know that . and threw it into the hand of the coachman . who has heard of your arrival ,	54.200111389160156
and no doubt comes to congratulate you on your fortunate return . ” he , “ it ’ s done . ” stammered villefort ; “ at least , i hope not . ” which you have <unk> and <unk> your crimes calls for a severe <unk> on the part of the court , both in the name of <unk> , and for the respect due to humanity . feeble than usual . crowd of aristocratic cares and caprices which are highly becoming to beauty . , to excuse if you find anything in me too turkish , too italian , or too arabian . villefort , ” replied the doctor , with a tone which redoubled the terror of the young man , “ i have not	82.73401641845703
led you here to console you ; on the <unk> ” athos . as to his <unk> place ? ” told you , in 1829 . ” said madame de villefort ; and she passed over to monte cristo a bottle full of the same kind of red liquid whose good <unk> the count had <unk> on edward . ” cried the two musketeers in a breath . , he did not expect to see dantès return so <unk> thought he was dead , perhaps ; or perchance faithless ! on a chair , starting at the least noise , for toward midnight the lamp went out , and i was again in darkness . cried athos , “ my son , i entreat you ; the wretch	94.39627075195312
is dying , and it is horrible to let a man die without extending a hand to save him . fell into a rage , <unk> , and declared that they wished to starve him to death as they had <unk> the marechal <unk> and the grand <unk> of vendome ; but he refused to promise that he would not make any more drawings and remained without any fire in the room all the winter . me , ” said porthos , “ that she would have done much better if she had given it back to you . ” replied the procureur ; “ you begged me not to leave . ” in that case , to the king that i am determined on war , and	78.81427001953125
that this measure is my first act of hostility against france . ” inform monsieur laporte , through my husband , in order that monsieur laporte might tell us precisely what had taken place at the louvre in the last three days , and whether there is any danger in presenting myself there . ” said aramis , “ we are witnesses . buckingham , “ god be praised ! count de rochefort ? ” heard in the ante-room and without any announcement the marechal de la meilleraie appeared at the door . returned franz , “ you are more susceptible than <unk> , who was a <unk> , and yet no one believed her ; while you , at least , are sure of the <unk> of	75.93392181396484
half your audience . before her , awaiting her words as if to devour them . repeated eugénie , as though it had not occurred to her to observe him sooner ; “ the count ? —oh , he is so dreadfully pale . ” de saint-méran , i have known that a poisoner lived in my house . this ball ? ” , ” said the footman , on hearing the names which the queen had so often pronounced with hope , “ in that case it is another thing , and i think her majesty will pardon me for not keeping you here a moment . which he had become acquainted with valentine , and how he had loved her , and that valentine , in	93.62844848632812
her solitude and her misfortune , had accepted the offer of his devotion . , or cause him to be <unk> care very little about that ! for me ? this will be forgotten ? ” d ’ artagnan to his domestic , who just then <unk> his head through the half-open door in order to catch some fragments of the conversation , “ go down to my landlord , monsieur bonacieux , and ask him to send me half a dozen bottles of <unk> wine ; i prefer that . ” said gondy ; “ such men are like <unk> recognizes them only when they have struck . ” island belong ? ” <unk> wine , ” said blaisois , shaking his head . success of a	80.6668701171875
project which will reflect so much honor on m. de villefort . ” light the still youthful and veiled figure of madame de morcerf : aramis , you don ’ t want three horses ? we see the two swiss guards walking yesterday ? ” of saint-méran died a few days after he had set out on his journey to paris , and the marchioness a few days after her arrival ? ” of my horse , i paralyzed them ; and i was just going to drown myself with the best grace in the world , when you arrived just in time to pull me out of the water ; therefore , sir , if you will agree , henceforward we are friends until death . ”	121.213623046875
stairs , valentine found barrois awaiting her . him to open it , as the sergeant had been compelled to speak , and this took another ten minutes . the three musketeers were without witnesses , they looked at one another with an air which plainly expressed that each of them perceived the gravity of their situation . club is rather a bore to the police . or <unk> concerns nobody . to be able to instruct her child , ” continued the abbé , “ she must have received an education herself . , and that same night the passengers at the end of the faubourg saw with surprise that <unk> and <unk> were occupied in repairing the lower part of the <unk> house . the steel	122.96985626220703
from the side , ” said he , shaking his head in a significant manner . , the post . departing ; then the door of the closet in which d ’ artagnan was , was opened , and mme . <unk> , as he well knew . at you . ” , sir , ” replied baptistin . in body and mind , had at length fixed his eyes and his thoughts upon religion , and he had considered as a warning from heaven the double accident which had happened to him ; that is to say , the sudden disappearance of his mistress and the wound in his shoulder . , he came back , and in a very bad condition , too . the old	62.64841842651367
servant , have made a mistake , and have given madame de saint-méran a dose prepared for his master ? ” not ! ’ , i even gain something by it , for i no longer see that wicked smile of yours . franz , “ was luigi vampa in the carriage with the roman peasants ? ” ? ” lords on the other side of the <unk> frequently marry into plain families ; like jupiter , they like to cross the race . on condition that you will not open it till i am gone ; ” and placing in his breast the treasure he had just found , which was more valuable to him than the richest jewel , he rushed out of the corridor ,	113.97157287597656
and reaching his boat , cried , “ to marseilles ! ” valentine , ” exclaimed the young man ; “ how is it possible for anyone to do that ? ” i couldn ’ t find that out , ” said porthos , <unk> his head ; “ it is so simple . ” long guns inlaid with mother-of-pearl and silver , and cartridges in great numbers were lying scattered on the floor . that ? ” porthos ? ” replied the musketeer , with a sad smile which d ’ artagnan alone understood . put myself under its protection . ” all the young man has brought against me , and from this hour hold myself under the authority of the procureur who will succeed me	65.87718963623047
. ” who are you ? ” . if you ever need me you know that i am entirely devoted to you. ” thereupon aramis had given him a clasp of the hand and had disappeared under the <unk> . . ” not that ; he has plenty , and to spare , for supper ; but he makes one condition , and rather a peculiar one , before he will receive you at his house . ” against the imprudent man , who thought by his strength alone to stay the tempest , and he fell against the wall . i no longer pray for myself , but for you . ” in love with me , by chance , this fair inconstant ; and will she	80.21138763427734
be disposed to give me myself another sapphire like that which she gave me for de wardes ? ” ” cried felton , with terror , forgetting to withdraw his hands from the hands of the prisoner , “ to kill yourself ? ” since the day he visited albert , and those of whom the latter inquired always told him he was out on a journey which would detain him some days . against this accusation ; he simply wrote , <unk> to be <unk> the procureur . and perhaps he will have news of athos . ” was calm and more interesting than ever , he left the hall , escorted by gendarmes , who involuntarily paid him some attention . ” said m. noirtier ,	93.58867645263672
stretching himself out at his ease in the chair . expect to be let off so cheaply , bounded off like a <unk> up the quai a la rue dauphine , and disappeared . had continued three years , carefully fostered by d ’ artagnan , who found his bed and his mistress more agreeable every year , each doing credit to the other , the mistress conceived the extraordinary desire of becoming a wife and proposed to d ’ artagnan that he should marry her . of that generous friend , ” said the king , “ that i may cherish for him an eternal gratitude , whether he <unk> or not . ” one of the lights of the church . to escape , but fortunately	133.08326721191406
he did not attempt it . signified the old man . the smell of the roasted kid was very <unk> , and your <unk> are not very ceremonious . cried d ’ artagnan , who was afraid of <unk> his friend by telling him that the cardinal had not breathed a word about him ; “ yes , surely , he <unk> ” mousqueton , who had ridden by the side of d ’ artagnan without speaking a word on the journey , “ you may think what you will , sir , but i can breathe now for the first time since my departure from pierrefonds ; ” and he put his horse to a gallop to announce to the other servants the arrival of monsieur du	62.6126708984375
vallon and his friends . . a great virtue , a powerful <unk> powerful that it excuses a multitude of things , even if , after <unk> ’ s death , lady <unk> had been at all pricked by her conscience . ” effect that very day , and the lackey waited at table . pistoles , or <unk> . ” full , and <unk> as <unk> and as <unk> as ever , the door remained shut . du <unk> , and d ’ artagnan toward the rue férou . connected with this prison besides the one relating to the poisoning of <unk> ? ” asked the count ; “ are there any traditions respecting these dismal <unk> , —in which it is difficult to believe men can	108.05486297607422
ever have imprisoned their fellow-creatures ? ” ” cried olivain , “ what are you doing ? consolation that they were not wounded , ” said aramis . swore that we had done our duty in england . shared his master ’ s apprehensions . to come , there is no time to lose . ” d ’ artagnan who wounded jussac one day , in that unfortunate encounter which took place near the convent of the <unk> ? ” asked the king , looking at the cardinal , who colored with vexation . beautiful queen , and you will weep for me ? ” athos , “ we are overheard . ” <unk> ” replied aramis . exclaimed athos , pressing him in his arms . idea	51.52629089355469
, aramis , ” said athos , who felt much deference for the young musketeer . ” she exclaimed , with the delight manifested by every member of the family whenever he visited the rue meslay . and <unk> too , like an ill-bred man . will be mute , gentle and timid as lambs . ” that at the court they are <unk> to him , i wish to warn him , that he may be on his guard . ” i call love ! ” said caderousse with a voice more <unk> than ever . in some way at marseilles . , father , that woman , under that angelic appearance , had an infernal soul , and when i saw her , when i recalled	75.4716567993164
all the evil she had done to me—— ” in possession of either father or son , then it will assuredly be discovered in the cabin belonging to the said dantès on board the _pharaon_ . ” offered them to the queen with deep and silent anguish . that in not going at once to the palais royal he would give comminges time to arrive before him , and consequently to make the cardinal acquainted with the <unk> services which he , d ’ artagnan , and his friend had rendered to the queen ’ s party in the morning . will accomplish what you have postponed in this . ” on his part , trembled with an emotion easily to be conceived , took the letter ,	125.42015075683594
bowed to the ground , and retired . nor playing at cards , nor dancing in that house . guitant . , if i could have anticipated the honor of your visit , i would have prepared for it . as the moon broke from behind a cloud , they saw at a turning of the road two horsemen who , on perceiving them , stopped in their turn , appearing to deliberate whether they should continue their route or go back . ” he said , “ through me ; your liberty was my ransom . ” the count . well , if you are afraid of his recovering ; for you know , if a wound in the head does not kill at once , it	104.79680633544922
is cured in a week . ” astonishment , d ’ artagnan heard the policy which made all europe tremble <unk> aloud and openly , as well as the private life of the cardinal , which so many great nobles had been punished for trying to <unk> into . guardhouse was opened and a voice called out : by it ? not trust himself to speak : and raoul went away , his head uncovered . ? ? ” you said i offended the good god , ’ said la carconte with a horrid smile . are right . pleasantry of the count . exclaimed , approaching the table , “ she has taken part of her draught ; the glass is three-quarters empty . ” his turn	113.79155731201172
, sprang to the ground , and just at the moment when the coachman , alarmed at not seeing his master , fell back a step , he seized him by his collar with the left , whilst with the right hand he placed the muzzle of a pistol at his breast . aramis , “ athos has already told you that you are a simpleton , and i am quite of his opinion . this shame , madame , if you have incurred this ignominy , you must submit to it as an offering to god . ” , as he says , ” cried porthos ; “ he will be one , sooner or later . ” , my dear count , ” said danglars ;	52.06364822387695
“ you are a man of the world , are you not ? ” pen more is effected than by the sword . now , then , ” said monte cristo , listening . <unk> out ! ” exclaimed madame danglars . said aramis , <unk> his ear to make it red , as he rubbed his hands to make them white , “ and then i made a certain <unk> upon it last year , which i showed to monsieur voiture , and that great man paid me a thousand compliments . ” ” said the duke . , my friend , who read them for the first time ; but not for me , who have grown pale over them by many nights ’ study ,	73.6856460571289
and have <unk> every phrase , completed every thought . ” . the cardinal , “ leave severity to your ministers . wife , more affectionate to his daughter , than he had ever been . , the captain ’ s name is <unk> and the skiff is called the lightning . he said , “ only , shall i enter the chamber where those gentlemen are ? ” . ” bouillon , he had such a fit of gout as obliged him to return to paris in a <unk> ; but his place was well filled by the duc d ’ elbeuf and his four sons , ranged around him like a staff . , “ the engagement is broken off . ” valentine , timidly ,	93.71640014648438
“ does all the father ’ s shame revert upon the son ? , kitty ? ” ; “ only ten days after the flight of her daughter , and three days from the bankruptcy of her husband ? ” continued he , “ the duchess whom you saw at the church has estates near to those of my family , we mean to make the journey together . to get ? ” three musketeers put to one another . ? ” asked villefort ; “ let him be removed from the house , that he may not <unk> ” <unk> , but still the sea was disturbed . barrel of a pistol was presented at his breast and these words were pronounced : queen , sir ,	74.9609603881836
if the crown were to be placed on the heads of the <unk> and most intelligent . he is a bandit , compared to whom the <unk> and the <unk> were mere children . ” , express from rome , to ask you for information . ” am the first , ” cried morrel ; “ i did it on purpose to have you a minute to myself , before everyone came . ? we once rendered anne of austria a service not much less than that which to-day we are trying to perform for charles i. ; but , none the less , anne of austria has forgotten us for twenty years . ” hour let every one be in bed and snoring . ” ! ”	99.37474060058594
said mousqueton ; “ i think i should like the siege of rochelle better than this war , then ! ” search more <unk> ? said d ’ artagnan , half dead with fright , “ you made no mention of my diamond ? ” said , extending his hand in the direction of the first compartment examined by d ’ artagnan and himself . it to him . ” you , sir , ” continued madame de villefort , “ as the only one who has the right of doing so , inasmuch as i am the only one who will receive no personal benefit from the <unk> , —i come to entreat you to restore , not your love , for that she has always possessed	54.534584045410156
, but to restore your fortune to your granddaughter . ” night , suddenly , dreaming that he had been robbed of monsieur de beaufort . words , so firm , yet dignified , the shades which by one word he had <unk> , recalled to her the past in all its intoxication of poetry and romance , youth , beauty , the <unk> of love at twenty years of age , the bloody death of buckingham , the only man whom she had ever really loved , and the <unk> of those obscure <unk> who had saved her from the double hatred of richelieu and the king . , the two friends found , about two hundred paces further , the tavern indicated . monsieur . ”	108.89093017578125
said the captain , “ that was the land signal , will you answer yourself ? ” per day for lodging and food ’ ” . almost work a miracle ? am ready to feel toward you . ” is arrested because he has defended the people ! the proud look entirely failed of its purpose . so bright as surveying it through a glass of chambertin . ” strange man , ” she said , “ and in my opinion is himself the adelmonte he talks about . ” athos , with an accent like that of a man who <unk> he is about to tread upon an <unk> . on his knees , leaning his head against the old man ’ s bed . to de	102.9015121459961
winter were waiting for him at the door ; he proceeded toward his abode very thoughtfully , looking behind him from time to him to contemplate the dark and silent <unk> of the louvre . for that very evening ; but we are bound to say , to the credit of our hero , that the bad opinion entertained by m. de tréville of women in general , did not inspire him with the least suspicion of his pretty hostess . hundred paces , more or less , they came to a <unk> , which they <unk> . it ? ” said d ’ artagnan . she said , with a ghastly smile , “ that i shall be inclined to reopen this coffer to answer any future	82.98189544677734
accusations ? ” finishing mass whilst d ’ artagnan was looking at bazin ; he pronounced the words of the holy <unk> and retired , giving the benediction , which was received by the kneeling <unk> , to the astonishment of d ’ artagnan , who recognized in the priest the <unk> himself , the famous jean <unk> gondy , who at that time , having a presentiment of the part he was to play , was beginning to court <unk> by <unk> . , sir , ” said anne of austria ; “ so much the worse , at least for the queen , for to-day she has need of the same courage and the same devotion . ” his hand . , and morrel came no	76.23675537109375
more ; he had done all that was in his power , and any fresh attempt would only compromise himself uselessly . thou wilt be hung . ” the rospoli palace . ” asked athos . as softly as possible , kitty turned the key of the lock , and then d ’ artagnan opened the closet door . . cried a voice in french , answering to that of winter , which made them tremble . supported , the young man was not without a little uneasiness as he ascended the great staircase , step by step . coming on one side of the street , pass by on the other . albert with firmness . effort to receive him , but never did a more distressed	106.08294677734375
countenance give the lie to a more amiable smile . down his throat , and this remedy which had before been so <unk> to him , produced the same effect as formerly . city of lille , as this woman has said . ” said porthos . to enter the courtyard . then ? ” by this opening she might still by some diabolical means corrupt her guards . , his mind perfectly clear , but the same <unk> of moving or speaking . ” <unk> me ? ” word and made friquet his heir . very happy in owing any obligation to you . ” exclaimed , “ it is thou who wouldst have him assassinated ? full of splendid pride and manly <unk> , placed in	157.37310791015625
anne ’ s hands , in a bundle , the papers that he had one by one won from her with so much difficulty . beautiful light hair imaginable ! ” swords , with which , i can assure you , my friend and i can play tolerably well . , ” said bertuccio , with his deep , hollow voice . such <unk> rapidity , that there was something in the conversation that seemed like the beginning of delirium . a good watch over the prisoner . abbé <unk> ” monte cristo took off the wig which <unk> him , and let fall his black hair , which added so much to the beauty of his pallid features . friend , there is a <unk> for your	94.89663696289062
trouble ; you will tell monsieur de tréville that monsieur aramis is very much obliged to him . friendly way , but fernand looked pale and agitated . ” of his horse to his esquire ; the three musketeers fastened the horses to the shutters . the stranger . midnight , and alighted at the <unk> of the golden lily . ’ he read , in the same tone with which he would have read a newspaper , ‘ that today , the <unk> of february , will be executed andrea <unk> , guilty of murder on the person of the respected and <unk> don <unk> <unk> , canon of the church of st. john <unk> , and peppino , called rocca priori , convicted of <unk> with	106.55970764160156
the detestable bandit luigi vampa , and the men of his band . ’	207.2321014404297
Average perplexity: 98.33069980164937
